===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to CenterPoint Energy, Inc.'s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session after management's remarks. To ask a question, press 11 on your touch-tone keypad. I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations, and Treasurer. Miss Richert?
Jackie Richert: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy, Inc.'s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Jason Wells, our CEO, and Chris Foster, our CFO, will discuss the company's first quarter results. Management will discuss certain topics that contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are currently based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based on various factors, as noted within our Form 10-Q and other SEC filings, as well as our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We reported $0.45 of earnings per share for the first quarter of 2025 on a GAAP basis. Management will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis, referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. On today's call, I'd like to address four key areas of focus. First, I'll touch on our first quarter financial results. Second, I will discuss the improvements we have made in advance of the upcoming hurricane season in support of our goal to build and operate the most resilient coastal grid in the country. Third, I'll provide a brief update on our regulatory progress through the first quarter and touch on a few recent filings at Houston Electric. And lastly, I'll provide an update on the continued significant and diversified load growth in our Houston Electric service territory, which is driving an increase of $1 billion to our capital investment plan through 2030. Now starting with our first quarter results. This morning, we announced non-GAAP EPS of $0.53 for the first quarter. As a quick reminder, as Chris will cover in more detail, I want to emphasize that our incremental revenue from capital recovery mechanisms will be more weighted to the second half of the year as we were unable to access those mechanisms consistent with our historical schedules last year, given our rate case activity. We anticipated this profile when we initiated our guidance, and we are reaffirming our 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance range from $1.74 to $1.76, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint from our delivered 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.62. Over the long term, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid to high end of our 6% to 8% range annually through 2030. We also expect to grow dividend per share in line with earnings growth over the same period of time. I would like to now discuss the improvements we have made in advance of the upcoming hurricane season. As many of you recall, immediately after Hurricane we introduced our Greater Houston Resiliency Initiative to significantly accelerate resiliency investments, reduce the number of outages during extreme weather events, as well as to help restore service more quickly when those outages occur. I'm proud of the progress our crews have made. By June 1, we will double the number of grid automation devices on our system. We'll replace 26,000 poles designed to withstand extreme winds and trim or remove over 6,000 miles of high-risk vegetation since we launched this initiative last August. It is important to note that much of this work is being performed in parallel with our base workload plan. In fact, taking altogether, we will have completed what amounts to an extra one and a half years of work on top of our base work plan in the last nine months. I want to thank the team here at CenterPoint Energy, Inc. for acting with urgency to improve customer outcomes as we head into the 2025 hurricane season. We remain committed to working towards our goal of being the most resilient coastal grid in the country. Now turning to my third key area of focus, a brief overview of our regulatory progress, including some recent filings at Houston Electric. Before I touch on any specific regulatory filing, I want to put into perspective what our teams have accomplished over the last eighteen months. Last year, five of our now seven service territories were subject to a rate case proceeding that represented nearly 90% of our enterprise rate base. As of today, we have received final orders in three and are now awaiting another for our Minnesota gas business, we've already reached an all-party settlement. After the conclusion of the last rate case for our Ohio gas business, we expect that over 80% of our enterprise rate base will not be subject to a general rate case proceeding for about another four years. This significantly derisked regulatory profile provides a solid foundation for our financial plan through the remainder of the decade. I now want to briefly touch on a few filings in our Houston Electric service territory. Chris will provide updates on filings in our other jurisdictions in his section. I'll start with our most recent filing related to our temporary generation units. Last week, we made a filing to remove the unamortized rate base of our large temporary generation units. As a result, average residential customers will see a reduction in their electric delivery charges, which, over time, equate to a monthly savings of up to $2. This plan was publicly supported by several key stakeholders at a recent legislative hearing. Second, I want to provide an update on our system resiliency plan filing. As you may recall, we refiled our system resiliency plan in January. The contents of that filing were informed broadly by our extensive stakeholder engagement after Hurricane Barrow. We heard loud and clear that our stakeholders wanted a more resilient grade delivered at an accelerated pace. We believe the investments included in our updated filing are responsive to that feedback, as well as the feedback we've received from interveners from our initial filing. We look forward to further discussing the merits of our plan during a mutually agreed to mediation, which is scheduled for next week. Absent a settlement in this docket, the PUCT has a statutory deadline of mid-September to show its final order. Lastly, I want to touch upon our upcoming cost determination filing related to the storm cost recovery for Hurricane Barrel and other storms. Within the next two weeks, we anticipate making our cost determination filing to seek recovery of the $1.1 billion of cost incurred to restore over 2 million outages as a result of Hurricane Barrel. In addition, this filing will also include approximately $100 million of restoration costs related to two subsequent storms. Approximately 90% of the Hurricane Barrel related costs are related to 2,000 CenterPoint Energy, Inc. frontline personnel and nearly 13,000 mutual aid workers who traveled from approximately 30 states over a nine-day period. Notably, their work led to restoration times that were in line or better than other Texas peers as well as peers outside of Texas that experienced similarly damaging storms. The securitization mechanism for Texas continues to be an important and constructive storm cost recovery tool for both customers and utilities. It mitigates the customer bill impact of system damage from severe weather while also providing liquidity to utilities to continue to efficiently fund capital investments for the benefit of customers. We look forward to working with stakeholders towards a constructive resolution of this upcoming filing. As I mentioned, Chris will cover the details of our other regulatory filings in his section. Finally, I want to discuss the recent load growth in our Houston Electric service territory and provide some additional color on the $1 billion increase to our capital investment plan through 2030. As you may recall, on our last quarter call, we outlined what we believe to be a conservative forecast of a 10-gigawatt increase by 2031 in peak load on our Keystone electric system. We continue to see positive trends that only bolster our confidence in this forecasted load figure. Notably, since we submitted our forecast to ERCOT in January, our load interconnection queue has grown by another seven gigawatts through 2031. This represents a nearly 20% increase in load interconnection requests in a little more than two months. This significant increase is driven by a diverse set of load growth factors, including industrial customer demand, data centers, and transportation electrification projects. At this time, we are not increasing our forecast of a peak load increase of 10 gigawatts by 2031, which, as a reminder, represents about a 50% increase in peak demand on our system over the next six years. However, these new data points provide us even stronger conviction in our submitted forecasts. This tremendous growth potential will undoubtedly require additional capital investment in the electric transmission system, which, as we alluded to on the fourth quarter call, we believe to be at least an incremental $3 billion of capital investment by the end of the decade, with likely more thereafter. While the total forecasted capital investment and exact timing are still being refined and will be influenced by the PECT recommendation on the high voltage standard, we plan to incorporate the increased capital investment in our guidance over the course of this year, starting with today's increase of $1 billion. This initial $1 billion increase in our capital investment guidance, which now takes our total investment plan to $48.5 billion through 2030, reflects nearly a dozen transmission projects we will be submitting to ERCOT regional planning group in the coming weeks. We will continue working with stakeholders on the final transmission voltage standard and anticipate providing additional updates to our capital investment over the next two quarters. In addition to these electric transmission investment opportunities, we continue to see a robust set of incremental capital investment opportunities in our Houston Electric service territory as well as other jurisdictions. In Houston Electric, we see the potential capital investment opportunities as we partner with the city of Houston on its downtown revitalization program, which will require substantial investment to support both growth and modernization of our underground electric system in our downtown substations. We will also evaluate additional resiliency investments towards the latter part of the decade as we continue to aim to be the most resilient coastal grid in the United States. We also have a number of incremental capital investments outside of our Houston Electric business. One example relates to our Texas gas business, which relies on third parties to move our owned gas throughout the Greater Houston region. We believe there's an investment opportunity to build a localized high-pressure distribution network around the city of Houston, similar to what we've constructed in our Minnesota gas service territory, that can result in significant savings for our customers. Investments related to this project will likely begin next year and extend well into the next decade. We are excited to share more about all of these capital investment opportunities in the third quarter of this year when we plan to provide a new comprehensive ten-year plan. These examples of capital investment opportunities across our business further strengthen our conviction that we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. We believe that the growth in Houston Electric service territory in combination with capital investment opportunities and our other businesses will continue to drive growth for years to come. Equally important, this growth will also provide a sustainable platform for our customers, whose charges will continue to benefit from the ever-growing population and economic activity. We are privileged to serve all of the communities across our four-state footprint, and we continue to focus on executing for the benefits of our customers and all of our stakeholders. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Jason. This morning, I will plan to cover four areas of focus. First, the details of our first quarter results and how we're thinking about the remainder of the year. Second, I'll touch on the regulatory progress we've made across the various states that we have the privilege to serve. Third, I'll discuss our progress on the execution of the 2025 capital investment plan and our positively revised capital investment plan through 2030. And finally, I'll provide an update on where we ended the first quarter with respect to the balance sheet and credit metrics. Let's now move to the financial results shown on slide six. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.45 for the first quarter of 2025. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.53 for the first quarter of 2025, compared to $0.55 in the first quarter of 2024. Our non-GAAP EPS results for the first quarter removed the book loss resulting from the sale of Louisiana and Mississippi Gas LDCs. As part of the sale, $217 million of goodwill was disposed. This was the reason for the book loss associated with the transaction. Now taking a closer look at the quarter, gross and rate recovery contributed $0.03 when compared to the same quarter last year. I want to take a moment to discuss why this is lower than what you've seen in our previous first quarter earnings walks. As a reminder, during 2024, we were prosecuting five separate rate cases, and due to this, we were unable to recover our capital investments on our normal filing rhythm of traditional interim recovery mechanisms. In some cases, such as the distribution and transmission capital trackers at Houston Electric, these filings were delayed several months from when they were traditionally filed. In other instances, such as the GRIP filing at Texas Gas, we were unable to file for recovery of capital investments for over a year. The filings we made during the first quarter represent a catch-up of capital investment recovery and represent nearly $2.2 billion of capital investments made in 2024 and nearly $260 million of associated revenue requirement increases. Over the next few months, rates will be updated, and the associated earnings will begin to materialize. As such, you should expect a lower earnings profile in the first half of 2025 primarily due to these timing differences. Slide seven depicts our expectation for the earnings shape for the remainder of the year. As you can see, we expect a more back-weighted earnings profile than typical in our non-post rate case year. As Jason mentioned, this shape was known at the time we initiated guidance, and we are confident in our ability to execute through the remainder of the year. Coming back to the quarter, weather and usage was a favorable $0.05 when compared to the comparable quarter of 2024, as Texas and Indiana both had more seasonably normal weather as compared to the milder weather of Q1 2024. O and M was $0.02 unfavorable when compared to the first quarter of 2024. This was primarily driven by the timing of work as we sought to accelerate our vegetation management work ahead of the official start of the 2025 hurricane season. In addition, interest expense and financing costs were $0.04 unfavorable when compared to the first quarter in 2024. These $0.04 were primarily driven by the approximately $3.4 billion of net new debt issuances since the first quarter of last year, some of which were slightly higher coupon junior subordinated notes, given our focus on the balance sheet and emphasis on credit supportive instruments. Lastly, as you may recall, last year, we issued $500 million of common equity. $250 million of these issuances were a pull forward from 2025, as we sought to strengthen our balance sheet after storm restoration. These equity issuances resulted in an unfavorable variance of $0.02, quarter over quarter. Next, I'll briefly touch on our regulatory progress related to the interim capital recovery trackers we filed during the quarter starting with Houston Electric. As I mentioned in my earlier remarks, we had a number of interim filings that we filed outside of our normal cadence. The distribution capital recovery tracker or DCRF was one such filing. We filed the first of our two allowed for the year in February with a requested revenue requirement increase of approximately $123 million. This filing incorporates capital investments made between January and December of last year and was updated for revenues otherwise recovered in our Houston Electric case. We expect that customer delivery charges will be updated later in June. In addition to the distribution capital tracker filing, we also filed for the first of our two allowed transmission recovery tracker filings or TCOS. This filing included a revenue requirement increase of approximately $64 million, which was recently approved with rates anticipated to be updated in the coming weeks. And moving now to Texas Gas. In mid-February, we filed our annual capital investment recovery mechanism or GRIP, which included a revenue requirement increase of approximately $71 million. I'd like to highlight that this is another one of the interim recovery mechanisms that we were unable to file last year as we prosecuted the Texas Gas rate case. The $71 million revenue request is larger than pre-GRIP filings, as it incorporates fifteen months of capital investments for which we are seeking recovery rather than the traditional twelve months. We anticipate customer gas delivery charges will be updated to reflect the new revenue requirement associated with this filing by early June. Next, I'll touch on our capital plan execution through the first quarter and our positively revised capital plan through 2030 as shown here on slide eight. In the first quarter of 2025, we invested $1.3 billion of base work for the benefit of our customers and communities. In short, we are right on track to meet our 2025 capital investment target of $4.8 billion. Looking further ahead, and as Jason mentioned, today, we are increasing our capital investment plan that runs through 2030 by $1 billion from $47.5 billion to now $48.5 billion. We intend to finance these incremental investments in line with our previously communicated rule of thumb of 50% equity and 50% debt. To be clear, however, we are not updating this year's equity plans as we still do not intend to issue common equity. That's because we pulled forward our 2025 equity base plan needs last year. Today's capital investment increase is one of our first steps in a planned effort to sustainably increase our capital investment plan to support the rapid and significant growth the Greater Houston area continues to experience. Over the next two quarters, you should expect incremental updates regarding CapEx and associated financing. Later in Q3 of this year, we will be in a position to aggregate all of these updates as well as provide others to you to give you all a comprehensive update and a new ten-year plan. Finally, I want to touch on how we're thinking about the balance sheet and where we ended the quarter with respect to our credit metrics. As of the end of the quarter, our trailing twelve months adjusted FFO to debt ratio based on the Moody's rating methodology was 13.9%. When removing transitory storm-related costs, this quarter, we made progress towards getting back to our target cushion range of 100 to 150 basis points with the closing of our Louisiana and Mississippi LDCs, which resulted in net cash proceeds of a little over a billion dollars. We also expect an additional $400 million of securitization proceeds related to the May 2024 derecho storm event later this summer. In addition, as Jason discussed, we plan to file for the cost determination for the roughly $1.1 billion of storm costs related to Hurricane Beryl and $100 million related to other storms within the next two weeks. We anticipate receiving securitization bond proceeds around the end of this year. During the quarter, we also took advantage of the recent stock performance and proactively worked to derisk 2026's financing plan. In particular, executed equity forward sales through our ATM program of approximately $145 million. With respect to 2025 common equity needs, there is no change, as we do not anticipate the need for common equity through the remainder of the year to fund our current plan. However, we'll continue to be opportunistic in addressing 2026 equity needs. We will continue to stay laser-focused in supporting the balance sheet while also investing for the benefit of our customers and communities. We are off to a solid start in 2025, and we are right on plan to deliver our full-year results. We are reaffirming our 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.74 to $1.76, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint from our delivered 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.62. Over the long term, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid to high end of the 6% to 8% range annually through 2030. We look forward to the remainder of 2025 and executing for the benefit of all stakeholders. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. We are excited about the opportunities in front of us through the end of the decade and beyond, and we look forward to sharing an updated ten-year plan in the third quarter of this year.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Jason. With that, we'll now turn it over to Q&A.
Operator: If you wish to ask a question, please press 11 on your touch-tone keypad. The company requests that when asking a question, callers pick up their telephone handsets. Thank you. Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Konstantin Lednev: Hi. Good morning, team. It's actually Konstantin here for Shar.
Jason Wells: Thanks for taking questions. Starting off on the CapEx update,
Konstantin Lednev: as you were including the $1 billion of upside today, how should we be thinking about the cadence of updates as we get to 3Q roll forward? Do you anticipate more incremental updates in the 2030 plan, or is there a more comprehensive March update? How does the higher run rate imply for the upside roll forward to plan?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Good morning, Konstantin. It's Jason here. Maybe two key points, and then I'll expand. First, you know, we do see significant CapEx tailwinds across our business, in particular in Houston Electric, but also, as I alluded to in our Texas Gas business as well. Second, and to your point on timing, we have a history of updating kind of our CapEx guidance as we get incremental data points, and we're going to continue to use that approach. So you know, this quarter, we've updated the CapEx guidance for the billion dollars, really reflecting the nearly dozen projects that will be filing with the ERCOT regional planning group. We have additional projects that we will file later this summer. There will be a time, you know, whether it's the second quarter call or third quarter call, we'll have even incremental updates with respect to electric transmission. And then, we will also provide, as we've discussed, a much more comprehensive update in the third quarter, really rolling forward to that ten-year plan. But last time we initiated a ten-year plan, you know, we initiated it at $40 billion, and today, it's at $48.5 billion. The CapEx tailwinds remain significant, and I'd expect us just to be in a periodic rhythm of updating as we get additional regulatory data points.
Konstantin Lednev: Great. Thanks for that. And we've seen some regulatory lag issues with peers in Texas due to the growth and the inflection in CapEx. And as you're adding the CapEx and rolling forward, do you see any rate constructs being adequate to limit the ROE issues you just came out of the rate case? Or would you look for any improvement construct on a go-forward basis?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Let me be clear. I don't see any challenge with regulatory lag to achieve the guidance that we've initiated. And I think our track record helps prove that. You know, when we initiated our original ten-year plan, we doubled CapEx at Houston Electric. We've since doubled it again, and we've also nearly doubled it yet again. Over that period of time, we've increased our earned returns. So I don't see this profile of incremental CapEx providing challenges from a regulatory lag standpoint in terms of achieving our guidance. Now that being said, just because we have a historical test year, we have some regulatory lag in our business that we will constantly look at regulatory and legislative solutions to help chip away at. We think it's in our customer's best interest to fund incremental CapEx from the ongoing cash that we generate in the business. And so there will be a continued focus on reducing regulatory lag for the benefit of our customers and our investors. But I just want to be 100% clear. We do not see a challenge with regulatory lag for achieving the guidance that we've outlined.
Konstantin Lednev: Excellent. Appreciate that. Congratulations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey. Good to see the momentum on the capital expenditures. Can you maybe just kind of talk about where your head is at financing these new opportunities and just recognize that you kind of trade at a more healthy multiple? So is equity kind of your preferred route here? Should we be looking towards asset sales? Just what's kind of the pecking order? And if you are looking at asset sales, maybe kind of talk about what's core versus not. Thanks.
Chris Foster: Sure. Good morning, Nick. I think it's a few key factors to think about. Let me first just remind you that even with the CapEx momentum, we were clear this morning that there is no incremental 2025 equity need. So that's kind of the place to start. Given where we are trading, we've also been really focused on being proactive there. Right? So you also saw us move forward with the forward equity approach to derisk a portion of 2026. Beyond that, as we look into the electric transmission opportunities that Jason referenced, those will be probably more back-weighted going forward. And so as a result, we'll consistently look and have always in recent years, looked at the way to most efficiently finance that work going forward. We've previously provided the growth-related CapEx rule of thumb of 50% debt, 50% equity to fund as we go forward. And at the same time, just given where we are, I'll say, kind of macroeconomically, there's certainly been increased interest in, in particular, gas LDCs just kind of broadly in the country. I think as a result, that's increased inbound for us as well. And so you can imagine we're going to consistently be open to the most efficient way to finance our work. And finally, think the other thing to keep in mind is now that we're working our way through really completing a lot of these rate cases, as you look at the net benefits, there's both the earnings-related tailwinds that Jason's referenced before, but it is also the case that we've been able to improve our operating cash flow profile. So we're seeing, really, when you isolate just all those benefits of completing those cases, that really credit to the team to getting us to this point, we probably are looking on the order of roughly 5% operating cash flow improvement. So, hopefully, that gives you the color for kind of how we're thinking about the plan going forward.
Nicholas Campanella: That's super helpful. And, you know, as we kind of look towards the third quarter when we get the kind of full plan, you've been doing this 6% to 8% long-term earnings growth outlook. You've been doing closer to 8% plus. And just your kind of philosophy and how that's changing? Can you just give us an idea if you are, I guess, reassessing the CAGR as we get into the third quarter and where that can go? Thanks.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Nick, for the question. You know, obviously, we're going to keep you interested in wanting to attend as we update the plan later this year. But look, we've got an incredible foundation for our continued earnings trajectory. Right? You know, with the CapEx guidance that we've announced today, it's a 10% plus rate base CAGR through the end of the decade. That's an incredible foundation. This is capital spend that our customers are asking for. Right? Capital spend that's driven by hardening our system, improving the resiliency, capital spend that's associated with the incredible growth of the economy here, a growing rate base, north of 10% through the decade is a really strong foundation for our earnings guidance. I'd say philosophically, the other thing to think about is we have a track record of delivering at or above the range that we have guided to. You know, I think the most important thing is the absolute confidence in achieving the guidance we put out there. And to the extent that we can over-deliver for all of our stakeholders. So we'll continue to keep that philosophy in mind. As I said, a strong base, but certainly more to come as we roll out the new plan later this year.
Nicholas Campanella: Alright. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team. Solid quarter here. Congrats on that. Hey. Just wanted to start off with Chris, can you help us reconcile the CapEx? Is a billion dollars higher. The equity just increased modestly. Hundred million or so there. Just you know, it's not your 50% equity with the CapEx increase. So what's driving that? Why is it such a modestly, modest equity increase versus a large capital increase?
Chris Foster: Sure thing. Good morning, Durgesh. I think what you're referencing is potentially what we had done in the last quarter as we had increased CapEx at that time. Roughly $500 million and associated with that, there actually was a $250 million equity increase to the plan. So going forward, you should think about it as the same approach, 50% debt, 50% equity as we go. And, again, it's important to also realize the timing. Right? The sizing and timing. Timing, again, is largely driven by both the fact that we're in the early planning stages of the electric transmission projects referenced but also that we're going to be stepping into over time the system resiliency plan work, which really just starts to pick up in '26 and then more heavily gets work resourced, and we'll need more CapEx in '27 and '28.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful, Chris. Maybe I wasn't clear. I was just kind of comparing Q4 versus this CapEx update of a billion. And then the equity and equity-linked securities went up from $2.5 to $2.75. Maybe I'm not thinking about this the right way. I would have thought the equity increase would be much larger than just a hundred million.
Chris Foster: No. I understand. And we can follow-up with you, Durgesh, on the explicit materials. It'd be a it was a $500 million increase in an associated $250 million in equity as well.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Alright. Well, we'll follow-up. Then just on the $3 billion in additional capital opportunities, I just want to be clear that's on top of the billion today. That's one part of the question. And second, is that $3 billion all tied to the seven sixty five kV, i.e., there's additional opportunities on top of that $3 billion?
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, Durgesh. It's Jason here. Yeah. There's at least $3 billion of CapEx upside. I'd say that $2 billion of that relates to what I would consider to be almost regular way electric transmission spend to continue to harden and the system and support growth. I think about a billion relates to sort of the gas transmission opportunity that I discussed. I wouldn't necessarily say those figures or amounts are impacted by the 760 kilovolt standard. The electric transmission amount could be significantly more than that to the extent that the state adopts that seven sixty five kV standard. So, again, maybe the way I'd look at it is that there's probably at least $3 billion of incremental CapEx upside the billion that we folded in today. And it could be substantially more than that through the remainder of the decade.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Very clear. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. My first question was mainly related to what I think you just answered on the seems like we're going to get this seven sixty five kV decision pretty soon. Just maybe you could just frame the options. Is it just seven sixty five or lower and just, you know, scenarios for your capital plan, if anything incremental to what you just said?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks, Steve, and good morning. Yeah. We could get the policy standard on the voltage levels as early as today at the PEC meeting. I think there's, you know, expressed a the state has expressed a desire to move to more of a seven sixty five kV standard, but hopefully, we'll get further clarity today. I think that that policy will be important for us. We have a couple of our substations that would be impacted by that seven sixty five kV buildout. One of those pathways would connect the northern part of our system to the southern part of our system, effectively cutting right through the greater Houston area. That would be pretty complicated construction and would significantly increase the cost. And so that's why there's a pretty wide range of the potential cost for the electric transmission buildout. Again, we pulled it in a billion today. I think it's at least $2 billion. It could be substantially more than that if we move to that seven sixty five kV standard and build to that standard connecting the northern part of our region to the southern part of our region. Outside of that, you know, there are other projects as we continue to see significant renewable growth on the system. And making sure that we have kind of a stable grid is important. We are looking at high voltage DC line, which could help provide voltage support on the system as well as maybe more efficiently move those electrons around the greater Houston territory. That would also create an upward bias on the CapEx guidance. I think there's really, at the end of the day, a significant amount of CapEx upside related to electric transmission. And the final point I'll make is we've been talking about the incremental upside through the remainder of the decade. You know, as I alluded to in the call, we're not seeing growth slowdown in the Greater Houston region. If anything, it's accelerating. So I think the electric transmission buildout will only accelerate as we get into the next decade. Today, we're able to move fairly quickly with these interconnection requests because we have a little bit of incremental capacity on our electric system. You know, as we continue to connect all this new load, we are utilizing existing capacity, and it's going to require incremental CapEx to build out that transmission capacity well into the next decade. So think about this as there's plenty of CapEx upside, whether it's the seven sixty five kV standard, high voltage DC lines, different paths, through the remainder of the decade. And then as we get into the 2030s, electric transmission will continue to be a significant tailwind for the company.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thanks. And one other question. I know your growth is pretty kind of diversified, but in the last few calls, you've given some data center backlog numbers. Do you have any updated data center backlog numbers?
Jason Wells: Yeah. You did a seven-gigawatt increase in our interconnection queue, that I mentioned. So, you know, on the fourth quarter call, a little over two months ago, we said that we had a 40-gigawatt interconnection queue. Now it's 47 gigawatts. You know, six of that is related to incremental data center demand. Our data center queue is now roughly 20 gigs. I think one of the important drivers, Steve, to the diversified point of the economy that you've mentioned is we're starting to grow a larger ecosystem here in the Greater Houston area. We've had some really high-profile high-tech manufacturing announcements with Foxconn, Apple, Nvidia, all looking at rapidly expanding their production of their server racks. Everything but effectively the chips. And I think that that significant investment in that kind of data center ecosystem is also continuing to attract data center demand. And so it has really been an explosive level of growth for us really starting back to last summer.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. Nicely done and yet again. Maybe just to get ahead a little bit of our third-quarter conversation here. When you think about the $3 billion additional opportunities, can you just clarify a little bit of the various pieces? I know you said, for instance, there was a billion dollars of gas transmission. But then in the comments, you talked about this high-pressure distribution network that seemingly could be, I think you insinuated, maybe a little bit more than that as you try to replicate what you've done in Minnesota. Can you elaborate a little bit on what the various pieces would be to the plus side on the three in terms of whether the seven sixty five and distribution? And, also, clarify a little bit. I know we've got a five-year plan and now increasingly focused on a ten-year plan. Can you just clarify what would be in the five versus ten? It seems as if a lot of these items may be very well back-end weighted, not just within the five-year, but even back-end weighted within the ten versus the five-year plan.
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, Julien. There's a lot to unpack there. I'll take a stab at it. So in terms of the $3 billion of upside, let me kind of help walk that. So on the fourth quarter call, in Q&A, I talked about that we saw at least $3 billion of incremental electric transmission CapEx upside opportunity. This quarter, we have folded into our CapEx guidance through the remainder of the decade $1 billion of that $3 billion. So there's $2 billion of, at a minimum, CapEx upside related to electric transmission. As I've mentioned in some of the other questions that we've received, at least $2 billion of incremental CapEx upside through the remainder of the decade, and could be significantly more than that related or driven by the voltage standard policy decision here in the state of Texas, among other things. So, again, at least $2 billion more incremental CapEx upside related to electric transmission. I've also alluded to at least a billion dollars, and I'll use this term loosely, but we've said gas transmission. It could be a high-pressure network. It's effectively a ring around the Greater Houston region so that we can move our gas efficiently. Gas that we already own for our customers, from one side of our system to the other. We think that that will lower customer rates by reducing incremental transmission costs to move gas that's already owned. In some cases, that may be transmission pipes. In some cases, that may be high-pressure distribution. At the end of the day, think about this as a large ring around the Greater Houston region similar to what we did in Minnesota that will allow us to move gas we already own. I think that that's right now about a billion dollars, and some of that will creep into the early 2030s. Outside of those two opportunities, I'll highlight a couple of other CapEx drivers to get to your point. I think that there is CapEx upside, particularly as we look at 2029-2030 related to system resiliency. If you recall, we were the first in the state to file under the new system resiliency plan standard last April. We pulled that filing down after Hurricane Barrel and we refiled a plan that reflected a higher level of spend to more quickly harden our system from the 2026 to 2028 time period. What we have not done is updated our plan to harden our system in 2029-2030 and beyond, consistent with this goal of building and operating the most resilient coastal grid in the country. So I think that there is incremental CapEx on the back part of this decade and extending into the next related to system hardening. I think up in Indiana, you know, we continue to see electric transmission upside potential electric associated with some of the MISO transmission projects that were announced last year. And we continue to see data center activity occurring up in Indiana, a development standpoint that may provide incremental generation and transmission investment opportunity up there. Outside of those, you know, we continue to see significant growth in the Texas market that results in higher generation interconnection requests. Continued growth in terms of connecting new residential developments. So the short of it is there are significant CapEx drivers, upside opportunities relative to the plan we've outlined. I have been trying most of this time to provide a sense of when we're talking about at least $3 billion of CapEx upside, that's through the remainder of this decade. We also then want to highlight the fact that we see some of these drivers extending well into the next, and we will provide more, we will obviously quantify what those long-term tailwinds will be as we roll forward the next ten-year plan.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Securities.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Chris Foster: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Sounds like a lot of good stuff ahead of you here, but just want to come to a couple of questions that we're receiving more today. I guess, you know, tariff concerns and recession risk. It seems like Texas is in a very good position, you know, regarding economic activity. But just wondering if you could give us your thoughts across your footprint, you know, if we do go into recession. How you think about that, and any other color on tariff impacts in general? Would be helpful. Thanks.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jeremy. Obviously, it's an incredibly dynamic environment, you know, changing by the day. So, you know, I'll keep my comments more directional at this point. And what I would say is, you know, from a tariff cost exposure standpoint, I think we have, on a relative basis, very low risk. We source most of our material and equipment domestically. The little bit that we source internationally, we have already begun to take steps to convert that to domestic supply. So from a tariff cost standpoint, I don't see that incremental cost pressure as significant across our portfolio. You know, from a recession standpoint, I'll start with the Greater Houston region. You know, it has really over the last three decades, really diversified the economy here as, you know, even though we're known for the oil and gas capital of the world, energy now represents only about a third of the economy. And when we look back over the last two decades, because of the diversification, the economy has held up well under different recessionary pressure over the last two decades. If anything, I see potential tailwinds from the tariff activity. We, as I alluded to in our prepared remarks and Q&A, we have seen an increase in interconnection requests. Some of that is driven by firms interested in onshore manufacturing capacity, and I think some of that is, you know, some of the notable announcements that I also referenced, whether it's, you know, NVIDIA and Foxconn and Apple, all talking about centralizing some of their high-tech manufacturing here in the Greater Houston region. So we may see it as a tailwind here. You know, I would say as we look around our portfolio, I also think that we're also relatively well situated from potential recessionary concerns. You know, the focus on reshoring manufacturing capacity bodes well for our Indiana electric business. There continues to be, you know, very supportive growth on the gas side in and around our entire Indiana gas footprint. And we haven't seen any evidence of slowdown in Minnesota. So the net of it is I think we're well insulated from cost pressure just given our domestic supply. And, I think I see the recessionary pressures as really lower risk.
Chris Foster: I think maybe, Jeremy, one other thing I'd add just to keep in mind because I think a lot of folks are now talking about should there be the potential for a recessionary period. How does, you know, what does federal policy look like in reaction specifically as it relates to tax policy? I think there, we're also well positioned. That's really for a couple of reasons. First, as you know, we're primarily a wires company, so we don't really have the generation-related risk that can go with that. Two, from a transferability standpoint, we really do have minimal exposure on that front because we are a cash taxpayer today, and so we have a practically immaterial amount of potential impact there, and that's really in the next few years, not just in front of us right now. So just want to be clear. We're really well positioned on that front as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley.
David Arcaro: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Let's see. Digging in maybe just a little bit into the low growth outlook, you know, there's been some skepticism that we've heard around just how much load will actually crystallize in Texas? I mean, the numbers are huge. So I was just wondering if you could give some color maybe around what gives you confidence in the load growth forecast. Maybe any breakdown you might be able to share on, like, what's under construction in terms of gigawatts, what's planned in the near term, next few years? Just any further color on that to increase confidence there?
Jason Wells: David. Appreciate the question. And as we try to initiate sort of this updated view of load growth, a fourth-quarter call. We wanted to emphasize we took what we thought was a very conservative approach. You know, at that time, we outlined a 40-gigawatt interconnection request, and you know, as you mentioned, there is a question about how much of that will materialize. We took a point of view that we think at least 10 gigawatts of that will materialize by 2031 or 25%. Since that call, our load interconnection request is now up to 47 gigawatts. And we haven't moved to that 10. So I think, you know, I think it's a pretty conservative approach when you look at that on the broader sort of ERCOT basis. You know, I think ERCOT applied a haircut of about a third to the total submissions, which represented about a 50% increase in peak demand. You know, we took at the time, a 75% haircut and still had a 50% increase in peak demand as a forecast. You know, at that time. So I think while we're starting from a conservative standpoint, let me just sort of break down a couple of these categories just to show how conservative they were. You know, at the time, we had about a gigawatt and a half of data center demand in the 10 gigawatts. Or about 11 in the 40. And of the gigawatt and a half that we had incorporated at that time, we're already working on connecting about a gigawatt. So you can tell that that is a relatively conservative assumption around that. We talked about the fact that hydrogen was another driver for us. That was two of the 10 gigawatts we assumed. And customers were already breaking ground on projects for about a gigawatt and a half of that. So that was the profile that we have used to be very conservative around these requests. We're tracking everything. Our teams are working hard to deliver the growth across the full set of interconnection requests. At this time, we think that that 10 gigawatt or nearly 50% increase in peak demand by 2031 is a conservative and realistic assumption.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thanks. Yeah. That's helpful context. The numbers, even when you haircut them so much, they still are very large. So, yeah, that's helpful just for some additional color there. One other just quick follow-up on the transmission outlook and the seven sixty five consideration. I guess we'll get a viewpoint on whether seven sixty five might be the way the state goes today. Is that going to be directly applicable to you, in terms of potentially weaving it in and updating that, you know, the billion dollars CapEx number, or could there still be an evaluation in the future for the state to consider? Well, do we really want to apply 7765 across the state? Could it be a blend of, you know, $3.45 and $7.65 at the end of the day?
Jason Wells: Yeah. I think that's the question, and it's why we've been conservative in terms of kind of folding in estimates of what that cost will be. You know, currently speaking, the $7.65 network that's been proposed by ERCOT includes our system. That's why we've been alluding to there is potential CapEx upside beyond what we've been discussing. To the extent the state wants to move forward with that approach. Now to your point, they may adopt a seven sixty five kV standard for a portion of the ERCOT market, for all of ERCOT, they may say that each of the utilities needs to bring their own perspective of what makes sense to serve their load and their needs. And so it is a fairly dynamic situation. Currently, a couple of our substations are included as part of the statewide proposal. The way the transmission bill works here in the state of Texas is, you know, wherever the transmission system ends, whoever owns that substation has the right of first refusal to build. So today, if the policy that has been floated is passed, we would be beginning to work that seven sixty five kV standard for a portion of our system. But we've been conservative because it may be that may be reduced. You know, they may change their approach. And so obviously, more to come. We've just been trying to provide transparency around the range of potential just given how significant the incremental CapEx is.
David Arcaro: Yeah. Absolutely. That'll make sense. Great. Thanks so much.
Jackie Richert: Operator, again, we're at the bottom of the hour now. If you don't mind, we have time for one more quick question. Thank you. Our last question is from Andrew Russell with Scotiabank.
Andrew Russell: Hey. Good morning, everyone. Just a quick one to elaborate on the load forecast. A lot of detail there. I'll make it quick. You said the interconnection queue has grown by seven gigawatts. Can you get more details in terms of what types of customers those are? The breakout on slide 12 seems pretty similar to the prior version.
Jason Wells: Yep. You know, of the seven, it's nearly six gigawatts of that is data center demand, and another gig is roughly half of that is related to manufacturing. And another half a gigawatt of that is related to industrial demand. So, again, we're continuing to see a diversified set of load growth drivers.
Andrew Russell: Okay. Great. Then just very briefly on the FFO to debt. Good progress. You're just a hair under the targeted range. And based on all the cash inflows and commentary on financing, the incremental CapEx, seems like you have a high degree of confidence you'll be north of 14% by year-end. You just give any commentary on conversations you've been having with the rating agencies and hopefully getting off of the negative watches?
Chris Foster: Sure thing, Andrew. You're right. We're pleased about the progress we've already made kind of going into this quarter. You should assume Q2, just to look ahead, is going to be relatively light because of the general profile we have in a given year. But, really, the important part will be, and for the rating agencies as well, the securitization, both the May storms related or derecho events and the hurricane barrel related ones. We are ahead of plan related to and also have a settlement related to the May storms event. So that is absolutely on track. And we do are very focused on year-end completing the hurricane barrel related recovery process and approval and effectuating the securitization. So those are the key drivers for really stepping into next year that comfort that we've got around the consistent cushion of a hundred to 150 points that we reference. With the rating agencies in particular, obviously, I can't speak for them individually, but I would say, I think their focus has been on a few areas. One, just seeing the strength of the regulatory construct in Texas there, I think we've been able to show progress on both our interim capital recovery mechanisms thus far, the Houston Electric rate case, and the May storm's event progress as I've referenced. I think in my sense is in order for them to be able to move off of the negative outlook, it will require some progress here on the hurricane barrel related recovery request. And as we indicated, we will be filing that here shortly. So it will have a period of review of roughly five months for the prudency-related review, and we do think that will be the key period for insight for the market broadly, including the rating agencies.
Andrew Russell: Great. Thanks so much.
Jackie Richert: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Operator, with that final call or question, that'll conclude our call for the day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy, Inc.'s first quarter 2025 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after Management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning, Investor relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint's fourth quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Jason Wells, our CEO, and Chris Foster, our CFO will discuss the company's fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are currently based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based on various factors as noted in our Form 10-K, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We reported $1.58 and $0.38 for the full year and fourth quarter of 2024 respectively, on a GAAP basis. Management will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by extending my sincere appreciation to all of our frontline personnel that work through the unprecedented winter weather we experienced across our various service territories. We experienced sub-zero temperatures in Minnesota, freezing rain in Indiana and record-breaking snowfall in the Houston area. Through it all, our team worked to keep the lights on and the gas flowing for our customers. On today's call, I'd like to address four key areas of focus. First, I'll touch on the fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results. Second, I'll provide a broader regulatory update, including highlights of our recently filed system resiliency plan for Houston Electric and touch on the significant progress we've made in our various rate cases. Third, I'll share an overview of the transaction we have proposed to ERCOT that we believe benefits all stakeholders. And lastly, I want to highlight the impressive growth drivers across the Houston area and how that growth informed the substantiated load filing we recently submitted to ERCOT. Now starting with our fourth quarter and full year financial results. This morning, we announced non-GAAP EPS of $0.40 for the fourth quarter and $1.62 for the full year. Chris will provide additional details of these strong results in his section. The $1.62 per share translates to 8% growth over our 2023 actual results. This is now the fourth consecutive year of meeting or exceeding our annual non-GAAP EPS guidance. It is also important to note that we have rebased our long-term growth targets off these higher earnings levels each year as we seek to deliver value for our investors each and every year. Consistent with this approach, we are reaffirming our 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.74 to $1.76, which equates to 8% growth at the midpoint from our delivered 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.62. Over the long term, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid- to high end of 6% to 8% range annually through 2030. We also expect to grow dividends per share in line with earnings growth over the same period of time. Now turning to my second key area, and update on our broader regulatory efforts, starting with our recently refiled system resiliency plan at Houston Electric. In line with our commitments, we refiled our system resiliency plan at the end of January. This filing proposes a total spend of $5.75 billion from 2026 through 2028 to improve system resiliency. $5.5 billion of this spend is related to capital expenditures. Chris will discuss the associated capital expenditure increase from our previous plan in his section, but I want to briefly touch on the system improvements we are focused on in this filing. Our plan outlines 39 specific resiliency measures that are designed to strengthen tens of thousands of miles of our transmission and distribution system. The investments included in our filing represent the largest single investment in grid resiliency in our company's history, as we work to improve the customer experience for those that live and work in higher-risk areas. As a result of our planned work through 2028, we expect that our transmission system will be fully hardened with no remaining wood structures and that nearly all substations will be elevated above the 500-year floodplain. I am proud to say that with our accelerated pace in less than a year since Hurricane Beryl, we will have more than doubled the number of circuits that have automation on our system, and we won't stop there. With our system resiliency plan in another three years, we will triple the number of automated devices since Hurricane Beryl. We estimate that our actions over the next several years will save customers more than one billion outage minutes in extreme weather events. In addition to contributing to an improved customer experience, beginning in 2029, these investments are anticipated to result in an estimated $50 million of reduced storm-related costs per year which naturally support lower electric delivery charges over the long term. As I've mentioned before, this is not the beginning of our journey to a more resilient system but an acceleration of what we started a few years ago when we targeted hardening and modernizing the electric transmission backbone as well as some of our substations prone to flood risk. We believe that these investments, combined with the other actions outlined in our Greater Houston resiliency initiative, set us on a clear path to become the most resilient coastal grid in the country. Next, I want to focus on the continued regulatory progress at Houston Electric. As many of you recently saw, we reached a settlement in our 2024 rate case. We believe that the proposed settlement is constructive for both our customers and our investors. The proposed settlement, if approved, includes an annual revenue requirement decrease of $47 million, which translates to a reduction of approximately $1 per month in the average electric delivery charge for our residential customers. It also includes an increase to both our return on equity and equity ratio. These improvements strengthen our competitiveness in the capital markets that we regularly access to efficiently fund capital investments for the benefit of our customers. This unique outcome of lower customer bills with improvements of both the cost of capital and capital structure comes despite the fact that we've increased our vegetation management spend by 45% over the last few years. It also exemplifies our ability to improve customer outcomes while also efficiently executing O&M reductions throughout the business. We'd like to thank all of our stakeholders for working together to submit to the PUCT what we believe is a constructive settlement for all parties. Beyond the rate case, we've also made progress on our traditional interim mechanisms and storm cost recovery filings at Houston Electric. Chris will provide further details regarding these items in his section. Now turning to Indiana Electric. A few weeks ago, we received a final order in our Indiana Electric rate case. The final order was approved in line with the settlement filed in May of last year, which included a total annual revenue requirement increase of approximately $80 million and a 9.8% return on equity. We believe this is a fair and balanced outcome as we have continued to invest for the benefit of our customers, while also being conscious of the impact of our capital investments on the customer bill. Our move away from older generation facilities has enabled us to eliminate nearly $40 million of O&M directly benefiting our customer bills. We also previously securitized the remaining book value of one of our aging facilities forgoing profits related to this plant for the benefit of our customers. Moving forward, we will continue to be mindful of our customer bills and the reliability needs and work with stakeholders to achieve balanced outcomes for all parties. Moving to our Minnesota Gas rate case. During the fourth quarter, we reached an all-party settlement in our Minnesota Gas rate case. The settlement includes a total revenue requirement increase of nearly $104 million for 2024 and 2025, which reflects over 75% of our proposed revenue increase of approximately $136 million. Interim rates for the 2024 increase went into effect in January of last year, and interim rates for 2025 went into effect last month. These rates closely mirror the increased revenue requirement included in the proposed settlement that is now pending a final order for the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. The commission has a statutory deadline of July 1 to issue its final order in this case. We also want to thank all stakeholders for working together to achieve what we believe is a strong outcome for all parties. Finally, I want to briefly touch on our rate case for Ohio Gas. At the end of October, we filed our Ohio gas rate case application, which included a revenue requirement increase of $99.5 million. Over the last several years, we've had one of the lowest customer bills in the state. Our request reflects an investment recovery rate that will put us more in line with our Ohio peers. In addition, this larger revenue requirement increased will allow us to more efficiently fund and continue to prioritize pipeline modernization investments that we believe contribute to the overall safety and efficiency of the system. Before closing out my remarks on our regulatory progress, I want to put into context what has been a very busy and constructive regulatory cycle. Over the last 18 months, our teams have been busy as they have filed five rate cases. Of the five, we have received final orders in two and are awaiting approval of settlements for our Houston Electric and Minnesota Gas businesses. Together, these four rate cases represent over 80% of our enterprise rate base. Should these cases be improved in line with their current proposed settlements, we will have been able to improve our consolidated return on equity and equity ratio, which naturally increases the earnings power of the company. I want to thank all of our teams for their hard work and dedication for working with stakeholders to achieve such strong outcomes for both our customers and our investors. Now I'd like to provide an update on our proposed temporary generation transaction. Through engagement with a diverse set of stakeholders, it is clear that there is no longer a desire for transmission and distribution utilities in the state to invest in large temporary generation facilities to mitigate the impact of large load shed events. In response to this, we have worked with the same set of stakeholders to develop what we believe is a truly unique Texas solution that benefits Houston Electric customers, other ERCOT customers and CenterPoint investors. I will briefly walk through the contours of this transaction, and Chris will provide additional details related to the financial impacts. Our proposal to transfer the use of our units to a Texas Pier utility will provide a temporary bridging solution for summer peak reliability needs in the San Antonio area. We will make these units available for this purpose for up to two years, starting this spring. After that, we intend to market the 15 large units to third parties at what we expect to be prevailing higher market rates. Given current market demand, we believe that the revenues earned from marketing these units after the period that they are in San Antonio will exceed the foregone revenues during the period these units are donated to ERCOT at no cost. We truly believe this Texas solution is a win for all stakeholders. As part of this solution, we will make an unprecedented contribution of value for the benefit of the ERCOT grid. Houston Electric customers will be made whole on charges related to the large temporary units. And finally, our shareholders will receive the benefit of their investment when we take into consideration the anticipated profit from marketing after the period these units operate in the San Antonio area. We appreciate all stakeholders for providing their feedback and working collaboratively to identify this unique solution that ultimately benefits everyone. Now switching gears. I want to highlight the strong organic growth we continue to see, especially in our Texas service territories. While my earlier commentary focused on capital investments related to resiliency enhancements on our system, I want to emphasize that we continue to experience significant electric demand growth across Texas and particularly the Greater Houston area. We are proud to partner with both existing and potential new customers to support their energy needs as our region continues to experience rapid economic development. It is these discussions that have informed our estimated electric load forecast for the Houston region that we recently submitted to ERCOT. I want to briefly touch on what we included in our submission and equally important, what we excluded. Last year's ERCOT load report was largely focused on Texas electric needs outside of the Greater Houston region. We are excited to have now submitted our expected load increase for the greater Houston region this year. Like our peers, we've experienced an unprecedented level of interest in connecting to our grid. In fact, we have received approximately 40 gigawatts in load interconnection requests. Those load requests are incremental to our current peak of about 21 gigawatts. While we're actively pursuing this full set of load interconnection requests, we believe our submission is a more realistic reflection of the load growth that will materialize by 2031. Currently, we are forecasting a nearly 50% increase in peak demand from 21 gigawatts today to nearly 31 gigawatts by the end of 2031. To put that in perspective, the 10 gigawatt increase we are forecasting over the next seven years is more than the increase that Greater Houston region has experienced over the last 25 years. Our rigorous approach to forecasting load demand gives us confidence in our projections. Our outlook also benefits from the fact this growth is not driven by a single industry or theme. Houston has clearly earned its reputation as the energy capital of the world, but our types of economic expansion go well beyond this core sector. It may come as a surprise to some that today, energy constitutes only a little more than one third of the area's economy. When looking at Houston's low drivers, we see three economic activities as the catalyst for significant long-term load growth. First, Houston is a major logistics hub for the United States. Boasting the largest port by waterborne tonnage, Houston is a gateway for goods coming from and going all over the world. We forecasted opportunities for port electrification, fleet electrification and other associated projects will drive approximately 20% of the 10 gigawatt increase through 2031. Second, Houston is home to the largest medical complex in the world, and it is only growing. It continues to expand not only its offerings for patients who come from all over the globe for treatment, but continues to pioneer medical innovation and medical manufacturing. We forecasted its continued expansion as well as other commercial activities, including data centers, will drive 30% of our anticipated load growth by 2031. Third, Houston is and will continue to be at the center for energy refining and energy exports. As the global energy mix continues to evolve, Houston will play a central role in the development and exportation of that energy. This significant growth will certainly require continued and increased investments in electric infrastructure, especially with respect to the transmission system. As a reminder, Houston makes up just over 2% of the geographic area of Texas, but is approximately a quarter of ERCOT's peak load. On any given day, we import as much as 60% of the electricity consumed in the Houston area. Prior to formalizing our capital investment plans related to this immense growth, we need the feedback and final decisions from the Texas Public Utility Commission regarding the 765 kV or 345 kV standard for transmission build-outs. We anticipate further clarity on this topic by May of this year. Regardless of the direction the PUCT takes, the continued growth of the Houston area is undoubtedly a long-term tailwind and is one that is truly unique to CenterPoint. The diverse underlying fundamentals driving Houston growth gives us continued confidence in our belief that we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. This growth will continue to drive investment opportunities for years to come. but also provide a sustainable platform for our customers whose charges will continue to benefit from the ever-growing population. We are privileged to serve such a growing and vibrant area and look forward to continuing to partner with customers, communities and other stakeholders to further enable this truly remarkable growth. And with that, I'll hand it over to Chris.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Jason. Before I get into my updates, I want to echo Jason's gratitude for not only our CenterPoint coworkers, but also the external frontline crews who aided in the restoration in Indiana and kept energy flowing for our customers throughout our various service territories. This morning, I will plan to cover four areas of focus: first, the details of our fourth quarter and full year financial results; second, I'll touch on our capital deployment execution for the year as well as our upwardly revised capital plan that now reflects our recently filed system resiliency plan and an update on our other capital investment trackers. Third, I'll go into further detail on our temporary generation proposal and the associated financial impacts; and finally, I'll provide an update on where we completed the year with respect to our balance sheet. Let's now move to the financial results shown on Slide 8. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.38 for the fourth quarter of 2024. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.40 for the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to $0.32 in the fourth quarter of 2023. Our non-GAAP EPS results for the fourth quarter remove the impacts associated with the sale of Louisiana and Mississippi Gas LDCs. In the fourth quarter, these impacts included an $8 million deferred tax remeasurement reflecting a slightly lower effective state income tax rate post sale. Now taking a closer look at the quarter, growth in rate recovery contributed $0.05 when compared to the same quarter last year, which was driven by the ongoing recovery from interim mechanisms for which customer rates were updated in addition to approved interim rates related to our Minnesota Gas rate case. In addition, O&M contributed $0.05 of favorability when compared to the comparable quarter of 2023. This favorability was primarily driven by the approximately $0.03 of work that was pulled forward in Q4 of last year that we did not replicate this quarter. In addition to O&M and rate recovery, weather and usage contributed an additional $0.02 favorability quarter-over-quarter. Interest expense and financing costs were $0.03 unfavorable when compared to the comparable quarter in 2023. These $0.03 were primarily driven by the $3 billion of net new debt issuances quarter-over-quarter. And despite the headwinds we faced this year, we were still able to deliver for our investors our full year 2024 and non-GAAP EPS target of $1.62. I want to take a step back to discuss how we're thinking about O&M. Over the last few years, we've been able to reduce our O&M by nearly 2% annually. We are now committed to continuing to do more vegetation management work at Houston Electric, where we are now proposing to transition from our current five-year vegetation management cycle to a three-year cycle. This positions us well given the long seasonal growth periods and has us leading statewide in Texas and among the few in our industry that seek this level of proactive vegetation management. This more aggressive cadence will naturally reset our O&M levels in the near term. However, we will be laser-focused on continuing to take costs out of the business elsewhere and continuing to target 1% to 2% O&M reductions from these higher levels, ultimately benefiting customer charges. For example, as Jason pointed out earlier, starting in 2029, we anticipate saving roughly $50 million of storm costs annually from the investments outlined in our recently filed system resiliency plan. This overall level of execution gives us confidence in reiterating today our full year 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.74 to $1.76. The midpoint of this range represents annual growth of 8% from our actual 2024 non-GAAP EPS of $1.62 as we seek to deliver value for our shareholders each and every year. Next, I'll touch on our capital investment execution for 2024, as shown here on Slide 9. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we invested $1.2 billion of base work for the benefit of our customers and communities. For the full year, we invested $3.8 billion, exceeding our 2024 capital expenditure target of $3.7 billion, and this is despite multiple diversions from performing base work due to storm restoration. As Jason touched on, our recently filed system resiliency plan includes capital investments of $5.5 billion. This updated plan results in a $500 million increase to the $47 billion capital investment plan that runs through 2030. As such, we are updating our capital investment target to $47.5 billion through the end of the decade, and we will fund our incremental capital investments consistent with our prior guidance. As such, you should assume we will fund in line with the enterprises approximate consolidated capital structure of 50% equity and 50% debt. Separately, we are back now in our more traditional rhythm of seeking ongoing capital plan recoveries using existing mechanisms. At the same time, we continue to make progress on storm recoveries. Related to those recoveries, we are focused on progressing through the securitization process here in Texas and are currently ahead of plan. That is because we have now reached a settlement in principle on our major ratio event cost. As part of the proposed settlement, we will recover 98% of the cost attributable to the storm. This is a great outcome and one that further illustrates the constructive business and regulatory environment in which we operate here in Texas. We're also still on track to make our cost recovery filing related to Hurricane Beryl in the second quarter. In addition, we continue to advance on our capital recovery mechanisms at Houston Electric. During the fourth quarter, we filed both our transmission and distribution trackers. In our transmission tracker or TCOS, we requested a revenue increase of approximately $63 million, which was approved and rates were updated to reflect this increase in mid-January. Our distribution tracker or DCRF, was filed at the beginning of December and reflected a requested revenue increase of approximately $100 million. We recently withdrew this filing because we're updating it with the revised figures to reflect the capital investments included in the rate case filing. We will also incorporate incremental capital investments through the end of December 2024 in our revised filing that we anticipate filing by the end of the first quarter. I'd now like to discuss the expected financial impacts for customers and investors associated with our temporary generation transaction that Jason referenced. First, I want to take a step back and walk through how we're thinking about our investment relating to the lease of our large temporary emergency generation units. There are essentially three periods, with the lease running through June of 2029. First, the period where the units were available to our CenterPoint customers to mitigate potential large load shed events. Second, the period the units will serve our fellow Texans. And third, the period where we will seek to market all 15 large temporary generation units to third parties at prevailing market rates. When crafting our proposal, our focus, first and foremost, was on our customers. We intend to be responsive to stakeholders that have expressed a desire for us to offset collections from regulatory recoveries of roughly $475 million. That's approximately the amount we'd seek to offset for our customers. Let me summarize how we would go about doing that. There are three components of customer benefit at a high level. First, in the spring of this year, we are proposing to make all of our 15 large temporary emergency generation units available to serve the San Antonio area to support reliability needs identified by ERCOT ahead of the summer load peak. We will make an unprecedented contribution for the benefit of Texans of approximately $180 million of value for an up to two-year period. That's the time in which we would propose the large temporary generation unit will serve ERCOT customers, resulting in us not seeking future recovery of this balance for Houston Electric customers as they will cease to be a regulated investment. Second, our Houston Electric customers will receive the benefit of the Houston Electric rate case settlement. When approved, saving customers around $250 million over a roughly five-year period. And third, as we highlighted in the third quarter, we performed significant incremental work related to both the May storms and Hurricane Beryl recovery, and we will not seek recovery for roughly $110 million of these costs. We anticipate that during the time the units are serving as a statewide system benefit, cash flow will be slightly lower as collections from customers will be reduced to account for the foregone recovery related to the future use of these units. At the end of that time, the third period will begin, where we seek to market all 15 large temporary generation units to third parties at prevailing market rates. The market has and continues to move favorably for mobile power units such as these, where we have seen market rates that are roughly double our original lease rate. As I briefly touched on, once these units move to the San Antonio area, we will not earn a regulated return with respect to our investment in them. Given the unregulated nature of this investment going forward, we will remove the impacts, both favorable and unfavorable from our non-GAAP earnings numbers. Although we project the earnings and cash flow profile, have the potential to equal or better the prior regulated investment profile. This is now largely a timing item. And the asymmetric earnings profile of this investment is not consistent with our core regulated business. I will reiterate Jason's sentiments with respect to this Texas-centric solution. We believe this transaction is a tremendous outcome for all stakeholders. Finally, I want to touch on our balance sheet and how we're thinking about funding our increased capital plan. As of the end of the year, our adjusted FFO-to-debt ratio based on the Moody's rating methodology was 13.6% when removing storm-related costs. This is slightly below our target range of 14% to 15%. But as a reminder, it is transitory in nature as we anticipate receiving approximately $1 billion in cash proceeds next month from the closing of our Louisiana and Mississippi LDC sale. We also expect an additional $500 million of securitization proceeds by the end of June, and we continue to expect to file for securitization of the $1.1 billion of storm costs related to Hurricane Beryl within the next few months, with proceeds anticipated coming by the end of the year. We will continue to stay laser-focused in supporting balance sheet health, while also investing for the benefit of our customers and communities. With now four consecutive years, meeting or exceeding expectations, we continue to reaffirm our non-GAAP EPS target of 8% this year and the mid- to high end of 6% to 8% thereafter through 2030. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. In summary, I'm proud of our team for persevering through 2024, which marks our fourth year of meeting or exceeding our financial guidance. This performance places us in the top decile within our utility peer group. In addition, we have a strong foundation in place for 2025 and beyond, a foundation that includes a comprehensive plan to deliver the most resilient coastal grid for our customers. Incremental CapEx announced today of $500 million driving 10% rate base growth through the end of the decade, which is one of the highest in the sector, constructively settling four rate cases representing over 80% of enterprise rate base, giving us clear line of sight for the next four years. And the privilege to serve one of the fastest-growing regions in our country with an expected peak load increase of approximately 50% in the Houston area through 2031, powered by a diverse set of economic drivers. This load growth undoubtedly provides incremental CapEx tailwinds to an already industry-leading plan. We look forward to sharing more comprehensive details about the long-term investment opportunities later this year.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Jason. Operator, we're now ready to take Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi, good morning. Thanks. Can you hear me?
Jason Wells: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: So just, I guess, you kind of talked to this at the end, Jason, but just on the growth forecast that you gave, is there any way to kind of compare what you gave to what you -- to what ERCOT might have used last year for this? And then also, how to think about how much of this growth kind of in your capital plan or what's still like upside, including the transmission decision that you mentioned coming up?
Jason Wells: Yes. Happy to shed a little color on that. As it relates to the ERCOT submission, as we've discussed over the course of last year, that was largely related to West Texas really a focus on the Permian originally. So last year, I think we submitted roughly -- it had to be less than a gigawatt of interconnection demand. We basically had -- we weren't a participant in last year's study effectively. So this will be the first time that the growth in the Houston area is really going to be reflected in our costs substantiated load filing moving forward. So it will be a 10 gigawatt increase to what they were projecting last year. We've also talked about, I would have to imagine that some of that load last year that was submitted, it was submitted under a standard that was designated as a speculative load. ERCOT is trying to tighten the planning parameters and have moved to more of a substantiated load, essentially a higher level of confidence in that load materializing. And so there may be a little bit of downward pressure on the total ERCOT market. But undoubtedly, we will add about 10 gigawatts of new demand to what otherwise existed last year. So hopefully, that provides the context around the ERCOT emission. As it relates to CapEx, as I mentioned, this is an incredible tailwind for the company. It's still a little early to size it. It really is going to come down to the decision on voltage, whether we pursue a 765 kV standard or 345 kV standard. What I would say though, because we are a load pocket here in Houston, in any given day, we're importing 60% of our energy needs. This will undoubtedly drive at least another $3 billion in electric transmission CapEx that's not in the plan. I would really be surprised if it's not higher than that. But ultimately, we need a policy direction on the voltage standard to refine that estimate. And so we'll be providing more of an update as we get through the course of the year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's very helpful. And then on the -- any update on kind of rating agency views? I know you gave the metrics just when -- are they going to -- are they mainly going to be focused on the recovery from Beryl to kind of see stabilizing of the ratings?
Chris Foster: Steve, I think it's probably three factors. First is just the constructive nature of the Texas regulatory environment, which I think we've been able to already showcase our interim capital recovery mechanisms as a key area of progress there. Two, it's the Houston Electric rate case, again, for the certainty that, that provides. I think that, as you've seen there, we have an all-party settlement and ideally, hoping for action there at the PUCT, either March 13 or 27 here would be ideal in their next public meetings. Third is certainly the securitizations of the prior storm costs. What I would point out there is we are actually ahead of plan and have been sharing that with the rating agencies, meaning the $500 million associated with the May storm impacts, we have now achieved a settlement in principle which puts us ahead of plan in terms of being able to execute towards the end of this quarter -- excuse me, towards the end of the second quarter, the actual securitization. Finally, I do think it's going to be important for them to see progress. the prudency review step associated with the Hurricane Beryl-related costs, and we'll get that filing filed at the PUCT here in the next few months. So ultimately, I think those are the three factors that they're watching, and I think we're already able to show progress on certainly two of the three, if not three of the three.
Steve Fleishman: Great, thanks. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning. Just to follow up on Steve's question. Jason, have you committed to an Analyst Day, any sense of timing there? And are you going to know enough around the 50% load growth upside that you guys kind of highlighted for Houston to embed that in the capital plan for the Analyst Day?
Jason Wells: Yes, it's a great question, Shar. And yes, we are committed to update and rolling forward what will be a new 10-year plan for capital investment this year. We do want to make sure that we incorporate this policy decision or direction that Texas will make in terms of the voltage standard. We anticipate that by May this year. And so our update to the market will likely follow that so that we can incorporate a better estimate of the transmission CapEx increase associated with serving this really just tremendous load growth here. So we haven't set a date, but we're committed to providing an update to the market here this year. I would also say that while we're talking a lot about the electric transmission opportunities here in Texas, which are significant, as I mentioned, they are not our only set of CapEx tailwinds. We continue to see, I think, really constructive opportunities for our customers around some localized transmission here in the Greater Houston area on the gas side of the business, and we're going to be pursuing some electric transmission opportunities up in Indiana. And so I think the tailwinds from a CapEx standpoint are significant, and we look forward to sharing them a little later this year when they come into better focus.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just in terms of financing needs. I know you guys -- obviously, there's a slight change in language around the ATM use versus equity content. Can you just elaborate on the range of options and timing of equity funding? And is kind of asset optimization still in avenue, given the impetus we're seeing in your core Houston jurisdiction? Thanks guys.
Chris Foster: Sure. I think if you look just at the immediate year itself, we have indicated we've taken care of the equity needs for 2025 for the plan. As you go beyond that, we have consistently said and they're staying there that we'd be utilizing the ATM to take care of our modest equity needs going forward. And as we mentioned, today, you should assume we continue to fund the business, the enterprise at 50% debt, 50% equity. And I'll just say again, we consistently evaluate the most efficient way to fund this growth CapEx going forward. I mean really just like the Louisiana, Mississippi Gas LDC sales that we referenced will actually be closing this quarter. So I think you've seen here the team demonstrate that ability to look at multiple different options, everything from utilizing the base ATM to the hybrid structures and engineer subordinated notes that we utilized as well as the potential for transactions when they are the most efficient way to produce -- to pursue this financing.
Jason Wells: So this will also be a big part of the update that we have later in this year. We're committed to funding any of the equity needs efficiently as we have demonstrated, and we're also committed to preserving the balance sheet creating a healthy cushion before -- between that downgrade threshold and where we are running the business. And so that will be part of this comprehensive update that we'll provide later this year.
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes. And I appreciate it. And then you guys have been fairly successful in the asset optimization side, which is why I asked the question. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
James Thalacker: Good morning. Can you guys hear me? I just want to touch quickly on your cost control program and target to keep the O&M at like a 1% to 2% decline across your plan, given the increase in resiliency spending including the higher vegetation management spending. Could you talk a little bit about the discrete levers you are looking at or identified to allow you to kind of deliver on the O&M reduction program as you go forward?
Chris Foster: Sure. James, I think if you look at what we talked about this morning, we will have a substantial increase, which is needed for our system for a much more aggressive vegetation management standard. But really nothing has changed in terms of our focus on taking out 1% to 2% per year. We have delivered that clearly over the last three years and actually just shy of 2% per year. Going forward, there's probably a couple of areas I would touch on. I know we mentioned in our prepared remarks the ability to actually reduce O&M as a direct result of the capital that we'll be putting on the system for the system resiliency plan. And the basic way to think about that is we'll have fewer truck rolls because we'll have automated devices on our grid, which allow for self-healing, right? In those instances where otherwise, you would have to roll a truck for our frontline team members to take care of a fuse on the system or otherwise be reenergized. A second area of focus for us will be on really legacy systems and standardization across the footprint that we have. We have the ability in certain instances to sync up our IT systems and network systems as well as at standards that are utilized that are slightly different in the different states that we serve. And we're utilizing the lean operating system here together to really focus on ensuring that we've got strong standardization that we've got, in some instances, vendor rationalization and other steps we can take to reduce costs year-over-year. And then the third, I would say, is really just our focus on empowering those closer to the word, ultimately, James. That allows us to really allow for year-over-year improvements on everything from empowering our coworkers to be able to evaluate existing standards take out those costs and just make the process as simpler to get the work done. So when you look across those three areas, we have a high level of confidence. We'll continue that track record of 1% to 2% out per year over the plan.
James Thalacker: That's great. We appreciate the color, Chris, and congratulations on a great quarter.
Chris Foster: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Just want to come back to the mobile gen a little bit more. Thank you for all the details on how that would look on the financial side, I was just wondering if you might be able to expand a bit more, I guess, on how conversations have evolved with regulators, with other stakeholders in the state. Just wondering kind of state of affairs as you can share.
Jason Wells: Yes, Jeremy, I appreciate the question. We continue to have dialogue with all stakeholders. And I think folks recognize the value here. ERCOT has signaled a real need in the San Antonio region if otherwise wasn't addressed, it could impact the entire ERCOT market. We want to be a constructive partner and have said that from day one. I think our commitment to donate these units effectively at zero cost to help, the ERCOT market reflects that. And I think people, stakeholders as we've had these conversations recognize that, that is a pretty significant gesture on behalf of the company. We also have heard loud and clear the demands to make our customers whole for the period where our customers benefited from this equipment. And I think we've worked hard to find a great solution there that Chris outlined. And so I'm optimistic that we are moving to a path where collectively, this is a win-win for all stakeholders. I think the next time this will be addressed is at the special meeting for ERCOT on February 25. ERCOT really wants these units in place before the summer season. So I'd expect this to get resolved here over the coming month or so, so that we can get these units in place by this spring.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. And then going to the legislative session in Texas, a little bit more. Any proposals that are out there that are on your radar right now and really kind of thinking about the proposed SB 6 regarding large load and transmission charges. Just wondering if passage happens here, how this could impact CenterPoint in your mind?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks for the question. It's -- the Texas legislature is really now just starting to kick off and pace is going to really increase from here. A lot of the work to date has been to many assignments and kind of policy orientation. What I would say, Jeremy, is we were pretty active in the '21, '23 legislative sessions. We'll probably be less active in this one. obviously working to support constructive legislation that continues to help drive resiliency of our system as well as help support this incredible growth that Texas economy is experiencing. With respect to Senate Bill 6, look, I really look at that as making sure that large loads pay their fair share is sort of a cost allocation focus. Those large loads in encompass a lot of our largest customers here in the Greater Houston region given our strong industrial base. And so we're going to work constructively with obviously our legislators, regulators, customers to find what is a fair cost allocation for everyone. I think it's early days in that regard, but we're working with all parties to find as I said, a constructive outcome.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. We'll stay tuned there. And just a real quick last one, if I could. Any guardrails you could put on the transmission opportunity depending on ERCOT's 765 decision?
Jason Wells: Jeremy, guard rails in terms of where do I think they're going to land or how much in terms of incremental CapEx, just tell me kind of what the direction of...
Jeremy Tonet: CapEx, sorry.
Jason Wells: Yes. Look, I think the 765 kV standard will result. And obviously, more capacity on the system, but at a higher cost, right? And so when I threw out that we think it will be at least $3 billion, if not more, I think that's reflective of more of a 345 kV standard. Also, there's still some work to be done on the specific routes. But I think the number -- we will push well north of that under a 765 kV standard at or above that level under a 345 kV.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. I just had one question on 2025 guidance. Maybe just, Chris, can you -- for our models, can you help us bridge in 2024, what was included for temporary generation? And in 2025, what are you excluding, that's what the release says, I don't think the language has changed. But just want to make sure that we have the right pieces, I assume there will be some write-downs and you're excluding that. But just what is in '24? And then what is in '25 and going forward? Thank you.
Chris Foster: Sure. Happy to paint it for you, Durgesh. In short, what was in the prior recoveries you can see and tie back directly to what we filed for recovery of and the TEEF filing for sure, it's temporary emergency electric facilities, right? So we had filed for that. You can already see there you would have logically the lease base cost, the associated rate base and the equity and debt return. As it relates to going forward, once these units in the spring are provided to the San Antonio area, we'd essentially be removing what remains from rate base. We would also, from an earnings standpoint, be excluding, as I referenced this morning from non-GAAP, any of the related future benefit as well as the interim period, or roughly two years while they're in San Antonio would be excluding that detriment, including we would start in 2025.
Jason Wells: If I could add, Durgesh, here, just as a point of reference, the temporary generation equipment was being amortized over a short period of time. And so the equity earnings is rapidly decreasing each year. So as we're now several years into this, it's less of a material driver or was originally going to be a material drag as Chris said, we're going to take this, obviously, at a rate base but it's a manageable level of equity earnings on the regulated side to overcome. You had mentioned a write-down. I don't anticipate a write-down. The value of this equipment has effectively doubled in the market. And that's why we feel like we can be constructive here in the state by donating this equipment to help our cost for two years and then more than make up that difference on the back end when we can market this equipment to third parties. As Chris said, we don't -- when we send these units to San Antonio, we're effectively creating an unregulated subsidiary that does not reflect the ongoing earnings power of the company. So we intend to exclude the loss during the period there in San Antonio. We won't have any revenue, but we'll still have the lease expense. We will also similarly exclude the gains then, and those gains will well exceed the cost when we market at the end. We just don't think it's a reflective of the ongoing earnings power of the company. Net over time, we expect to fully recover that investment just begin because, as I mentioned, the market has moved so fundamentally on the value of those units.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful. Okay. So, there's no underlying change in the value of the assets. It's just the earnings contribution is going to be regulated versus nonregulated. And your kind of splitting that out of your core earnings, right? Is that a fair way to put it?
Jason Wells: That's a fair way to put it. What would have remained as regulated earnings is very manageable because it's been -- this equipment has been -- being amortized so quickly. So we will no longer have any more regulated earnings on it after the spring of this year. And then as we look out, then it will effectively be an unregulated portion of our business for a short period of time, and we will exclude that from our non-GAAP earnings because it's just not reflective of the underlying earnings power of the business.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, very clear. Thanks so much. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hey, thanks so much. Good morning. I was wondering on the load growth outlook that you've laid out, could you frame the status of the projects and the customer requests in that 61 gigawatt load growth level. It's such a huge potential pipeline there through 2031. Is that something that year-by-year, we might see even more of these projects come in? Are they very early stage and very -- or lower probability?
Jason Wells: I think you summarized it well there at the end in terms of lower probability, maybe the way to think about it is we've had requests totaling roughly 40 gigawatts to connect to our system. Some of those are exploratory in nature, so lower likelihood of occurring. Some of those are early stage and may materialize later. And so, what we wanted to frame here was the potential growth is really incredible. It's double our peak that we currently see today. We just are trying to take a more realistic point of view of what's likely between now and 2031, and that's what we think the 10 gigawatts. I think over time, to your point, we will see some of that incremental, I'll call it, than 30 gigawatts. Some of it may come in. There will also be new projects that come to knock on our door. And so there will constantly be a churn. We think the 10 gigawatts that we folded into the substantiated is the most realistic point of view today, and we're going to be annually updating this number moving forward. It's just a reflection of the fact that there is, again, a significant desire to connect to the grid here in Texas, well, nearly double what our current peak is. And it's just what's realistic over the next few years is probably something closer to 10 gigawatts.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. Yes, absolutely. That's helpful. And then I was just also curious, are you able to provide an update on within that outlook, how much of a data center pipeline that you're seeing, any refresh numbers versus the 8-gigawatts that I think you talked about before?
Jason Wells: Yes. We continue to see an increase in demand from data center activity. It's now north of 11 gigawatts here just in the greater Houston area. Again, I would put that 11 gigawatts as part of the 40. So some of those conversations are exploratory in nature, some of those conversations are data centers that are pursuing interconnection requests throughout Texas and other states. So, I wouldn't anticipate that all 11 gigawatts materializes. But suffice it to say, the level of activity continues to accelerate from where we were just a year ago. I'd also say we continue to see data center activity up in Indiana, which has been a little bit less of a focus just given the substantiated load process that we recently filed under here in Texas. But up in Indiana, it remains a central market for a number of hyperscalers. We have a vertically-integrated business up there with the ability to quickly convert our simple cycle, gas C2 to a combined cycle really giving kind of incremental capacity in that region. And so, we continue to see data center demand up there. I'd be surprised if we're not talking about landing in some portion of our business. significant hyperscaler opportunity at some point. But we're -- we, like many of our peers are in the middle of these conversations as we speak.
David Arcaro: Awesome. Thanks for all that color. I'll keep an eye out for that.
Jackie Richert: Operator, given we are getting close to the end of the hour, we'll take one more.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you, guys, very much. Appreciate the time. Maybe just to come back to maybe a little cleanup on a couple of things that were mentioned here. First, just with respect to mobile generation. I just wanted to make it very crystal clear about this. With respect to what's assumed from a cash perspective, not from an earnings perspective, you're effectively assuming full recovery of the -- whatever expenses are incurred here with any pro forma counterparty. And then related, if you can speak to it. Obviously, you mentioned the Feb 25 ERCOT special meeting, to the extent to which that were or were not to prevail, can you speak a little bit to the market depth. Certainly, we're seeing this mobile generation subject mushroom in other circumstances, if you can speak to kind of backup plans as well on the margins.
Jason Wells: Yes. With respect to the first issue on cash flows, there will be some variation between years, but kind of net over the life. I see this is actually a cash flow tailwind for the company. As I said, the market on this equipment has doubled. We had originally prepaid this lease, and so we have the opportunity to market under significantly higher rates roughly two years from now when this equipment is done. So, if anything, I think of it as a potential cash flow tailwind for the company. As it relates to the special meeting. Look, I think this is a great solution for everybody. ERCOT has said that they have a need in that San Antonio market. We are happy to step up and provide that equipment at no cost. I think that's an incredible offer a really constructive outcome for immediate solution. If for whatever reason, though, ERCOT decides to take a different direction, we have heard loud and clear that this equipment will come out of our regulated operations. And we will turn and begin to market this equipment to third parties as an alternative. And so I don't look at that necessarily as a downside, if anything, gives us the opportunity to turn to a market that I said is incredibly quite favorable for this equipment. As you know, there's only a handful of manufacturers of this type of equipment, and there's really no new significant capacity coming online for the next several years. And so we think the value will hold up over this period of time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. No, absolutely. And then lastly, a quick cleanup item. With respect to the store recoveries, you're obviously making a filing for the subsequent storm here in 2Q as you alluded to. Any reason to think that there is a meaningfully different outcome than what you saw here with the first storm arrangement. Any specific nuances that we should be watching on that front, just to set expectations?
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien. I think it's -- the short answer is no. I think we will be planning, as you said, to file Q2. This will be for roughly $1.1 billion for Hurricane Beryl response. The why behind my answer is that, ultimately, a lot of the costs themselves were driven by the incredible mutual aid and other crews that help our teammates restore power timely, right? And so that's the major driver, both the materials and the labor associated with getting the light back off for our customers. And so, from that standpoint, we think from both a timing and resolution standpoint, we should be on plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Wonderful. Excellent. All right, guys. Congrats on everything. See you soon. Stay warm.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien.
Chris Foster: Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Thanks, Julien, and thanks, operator. With that, that will conclude our call for today. Appreciate everyone dialing in and look forward to speaking with everyone soon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert, please go ahead.
Jackie Richert: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Jason Wells, our CEO; and Chris Foster, our CFO, will discuss the company's third quarter results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, please refer to today's news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by extending our deepest sympathies to our families and communities impacted by the devastation caused by Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton. The destruction caused by this year's hurricane season is undoubtedly tragic. However, it is times like these that truly bring out the best in our industry. A few weeks ago, we saw the utility community come together to send more than 50,000 utility workers from at least 43 states, the District of Columbia and Canada to support hurricane restoration efforts across the Southeast. From CenterPoint, we contributed to the effort by sending personnel representing nearly 1/3 of our electric frontline workforce to assist in the restoration efforts for Helene and Milton. As many of you know, the Greater Houston area benefited greatly from the same mutual assistance framework during Hurricane Beryl, where we called upon 13,000 workers from approximately 30 states to help restore power to more than 2 million customers. I want to thank all of our frontline teams as well as others throughout the industry that answered the call to help get the lights back on for the millions of people impacted by the destructive hurricanes we've experienced this season. On today's call, I'd like to address five key areas of focus. First, I'll briefly touch on the third quarter financial results. Second, I'll discuss the progress we've made and future goals with respect to our Greater Houston Resiliency Initiative or GHRI. Third, I'll provide an update on our various regulatory efforts. Fourth, I'll highlight the organic growth we continue to experience, particularly in the Houston Electric Service Territory. Lastly, I'll conclude with the initiation of our earnings guidance for 2025. Today, we reported non-GAAP EPS of $0.31 per share for the quarter. In addition, we are reaffirming our full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63 per share. This represents 8% growth at the midpoint from our 2023 results. Chris will provide additional details on our financial results in his section. Now I'd like to provide an update on our ongoing execution of our electric operational plan, the Greater Houston Resiliency Initiative, which we launched in early August. As you may have seen, we have already made significant strides towards strengthening the resiliency and reliability of our grid in the first phase of GHRI as well as enhancing our communications with our customers. These actions have been informed by learnings from internal and external reviews, engagement with stakeholders and benchmarking with high-performing sector peers. During the third quarter, we took immediate action and accelerated our plans to deliver an unprecedented level of work. This includes removing higher-risk vegetation across 2,000 line miles, replacing over 1,100 poles with new poles capable of withstanding extreme wind and installing over 300 automated reliability devices to help reduce the number and duration of customer outages. We accomplished all of this work before the end of August and ahead of schedule. With respect to improving our communications, we launched our new and updated outage tracker on August 1. This tool is designed to enhance the customer experience during times of service disruptions. Additionally, we've stated our commitment to hire senior emergency preparedness and response and communications leaders to bolster our leadership team. I'm pleased to share we have hired leaders for both of these positions that bring a wealth of industry experience and will accelerate our efforts to improve our preparedness and response in our customer experience during emergency events. We believe our more proactive communications approach is already positively impacting the customer experience through more timely information. These are great first steps, and I'm proud of the progress thus far. But we have heard the call to action, and we are committed to doing even more in the second and third phases of GHRI for the benefit of our customers and our communities. These next two phases will focus not only on reducing the number of outages, but also reducing the outage time customers' experience through investments designed to create a self-healing grid. I want to underscore, however, that GHRI does not represent the beginning of our enhanced resiliency investments. This is merely a continuation and acceleration of the work we started well ahead of this year's events. Over the last few years, we have focused our resiliency investments in our electric transmission system, which is the backbone of our grid. Our transmission resiliency work included upgrading our transmission structures to better withstand extreme winds, elevating our substations to mitigate flood risk and converting our older 69 kV transmission lines to a more robust 138 kV standard. This work has already produced tangible results. During the derecho in May and Hurricane Beryl in July, our hardened transmission system withstood the extreme winds and sustained relatively little structural damage. In fact, while other Texas utility customers sustained prolonged outages due to damage on their transmission system from Hurricane Beryl, we did not experience any customer outages due to our transmission system. As we now turn our attention to accelerating investments in the distribution system in the next two phases of GHRI, we believe we are well positioned to make rapid improvement. Currently, a little over 46% of our Houston Electric distribution system is underground, which on a proportional basis, is more than twice the industry average. Our opportunity is to harden above ground feeders to those communities through smaller, more targeted investments that should yield impactful results for approximately 60% of the customers that are served by underground service. This feeder blitz is expected to have the additional benefit of substantially reducing the total outage numbers and accelerating restoration for other customers as resources can focus on the remaining circuits earlier in the restoration process. Another area we believe we can make meaningful improvements on our distribution system is with respect to increased circuit segmentation and automation. Equipment such as intelligent grid switching devices and trip savers help create a self-healing grid by isolating outages to fewer customers, rerouting power around impacted areas and automatically restoring power without manual intervention where there is no structural damage. Presently, approximately 30% of Houston Electric's overhead circuits have at least one automation device. As part of Phase 2 of GHRI, we anticipate installing 4,500 trip savers and 350 intelligent grid switching devices before the next hurricane season which will allow us to nearly double the number of distribution circuits with automation devices in the Greater Houston area. Our investments in work during this phase are anticipated to save our Houston area customers over 125 million outage minutes annually. Over the next five years, we plan to not only deploy even more devices, but also optimize their capabilities by employing AI-based modeling. We plan to share additional details regarding our future resiliency investments on our fourth quarter call, which will take place after we have filed our system resiliency plan. As a reminder, our revised system resiliency plan will include approximately $5 billion in resiliency investments from 2026 through 2028, an increase of approximately $2.5 billion over our previously withdrawn system resiliency plan. Chris will go into more detail in his section, but I want to highlight that even with the inclusion of these incremental resiliency investments, we anticipate Houston Electric's customer delivery charge increases will track in line with the long-term rate of inflation over the next 10 years. Turning to an update of our broader regulatory efforts, starting with Houston Electric. As many of you likely saw on August 1, we filed our notice to withdraw our Houston Electric rate case filing. This withdrawal allows us to continue to focus our attention on near-term plan execution and long-term system resiliency plan development as we are laser-focused on year-over-year improvements. If the withdrawal is approved, we have stated that we will file a new Houston Electric rate case no later than June 30, 2025, based on a 2024 calendar test year. Outside of the rate case filing, we intend to continue to seek recovery of capital investments made for the benefit of our customers. In the fourth quarter this year, we anticipate filing to start recovery of both our recent transmission and distribution investments through our TCOS and DCRF capital trackers. The efficient recovery of these investments is crucial to our ability to efficiently fund future investments. This is why we remain focused on reducing regulatory lag across all of our jurisdictions. Our latest earnings monitoring report highlights the regulatory lag we continue to experience at Houston Electric. For 2023, our weather-normalized earned return on equity was nearly 150 basis points lower than are allowed. In addition to filing for a recovery of our investments, we will also make the initial filing for the recovery of approximately $450 million in storm costs related to the May derecho. Now turning to the Indiana Electric rate case. A little over a month ago, we filed our proposed order with respect to our nonunanimous settlement proposal. The Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission has a statutory deadline to issue its final order by February 3, 2025. We want to thank all stakeholders for their contributions to the case as we seek to reach a fair outcome for all parties. Moving next to the filed Minnesota Gas rate case. As some of you may have seen, intervenor testimony was filed a few weeks ago. Since then, we have had constructive settlement talks with stakeholders and intend to continue in the settlement negotiations leading up to our rebuttal testimony deadline of November 12. As you may recall, we have settled our previous three rate cases in our Minnesota Gas jurisdiction. Absent a settlement, the Minnesota Commission may consider interim rates for 2025 toward the end of this year. Finally, I want to touch on our upcoming rate case application for Ohio Gas. In August, our Ohio Gas business filed its Notice of Intent with the Public Utility Commission of Ohio regarding our upcoming general rate case application, which we intend to file tomorrow. Over the last several years, we have had one of the lowest customer gas bills in the state. Our upcoming ask reflects an investment recovery rate that will put us more in line with our Ohio peers. In addition, this larger revenue requirement increase will allow us to more efficiently fund the continued pipeline modernization investments, which we believe contributes to the overall safety and efficiency of the system. Now I want to highlight the strong organic growth we continue to see, especially in our Texas service territories. While much of my earlier commentary focused on our investments in resiliency and reliability, I want to emphasize that we continue to experience significant growth across Texas and in particular, the Greater Houston region. Over the last few decades, the Greater Houston region has grown at one of the fastest rates in the nation. We see that growth not only continuing but accelerating through the remainder of this decade and beyond. In fact, we believe our peak load of approximately 22 gigawatts in 2024 could increase by more than 30% by 2030. This potential growth is driven by continued population growth, acceleration of electrification and increases in data center activity. Houston continues to be an attractive city to live and work. Over the last five years, housing starts have increased over 9% per year on average, which is more than 3x the national average. We see this growth continuing as businesses and people like continue to migrate to the Houston area. Our industrial load growth drivers are both large and diverse. Our substantial potential future load growth is underpinned by industrial electrification and energy exports, including hydrogen. Houston remains an ideal location for hydrogen developers as it already boasts the largest hydrogen infrastructure in the world in addition to proximity to the largest port by waterborne tonnage in the United States. Although we still are in the early stages of hydrogen development, we are working with approximately 3.5 gigawatts of projects that are well into the advanced engineering phase. Outside our more traditional load drivers of energy and energy exports, we see growing potential incremental load from other sectors. Notably, over this summer, we have seen a fundamental shift in data center development. In fact, our interconnection queue for data centers now sits at over 8 gigawatts. While we recognize that not all of this will be developed, it is yet another tailwind in what we continue to believe is one of the most tangible long-term growth stories in the industry. It is with this growth in our customer-driven capital investments that we've made over the last couple of years that gives us conviction to initiate our 2025 non-GAAP earnings guidance target range of $1.74 to $1.76 per share. The midpoint of this range represents 8% growth from the midpoint of our 2024 guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63. Beyond 2025, we are also reaffirming our longer-term guidance where we expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid- to high end of our 6% to 8% range annually through 2030 as well as targeting dividend per share growth in line with earnings per share growth over that same period of time. For our customers, this strong Houston area growth gives us confidence that we will keep increases in electric delivery charges, roughly in line with the forecasted rate of inflation over the next 10 years. We recognize the privilege and responsibility of being an energy delivery provider for our customers. We will be laser-focused on both enabling growth and advancing system resiliency for the benefit of our customers through the work that we've outlined in GHRI as well as the investments we will propose in our new system resiliency filing. We look forward to continuing to work with our customers, regulators and others to make improvements for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Jason. Before I get to my updates, I want to echo Jason's gratitude for not only our CenterPoint coworkers, but all utility and contractor employees that aided in the restoration efforts during this very active hurricane season. It was truly remarkable to witness the dedication to a safe response and the speed of the restoration efforts that took place after two devastating hurricanes hit the southeast within two weeks of each other. I want to thank the roughly 1/3 of our internal CenterPoint line crews that made the journey to other sector peers to help get the lights back on after those hurricanes. For the quarter, I'd like to cover four areas of focus. First, the details of our third quarter financial results, including our reaffirmation of 2024 guidance. Second, the initiation of 2025 non-GAAP EPS. Third, I'll touch on our capital deployment status this quarter and forecasted storm costs. And finally, I'll provide an update on our financing plans, including an update to our plans to increase our equity guidance to fund our incremental $2.5 billion, which will be included in our system resiliency plan totaling at least $5 billion in cumulative resiliency investments from 2026 through 2028. Let's now move to the financial results shown on Slide 7. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.30 for the third quarter of 2024. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.31 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to $0.40 in the third quarter of 2023. Our non-GAAP EPS results for the third quarter removed the costs associated with the sale of Louisiana and Mississippi Gas LDCs. The reduced earnings quarter-over-quarter was primarily driven by increased and accelerated O&M that was completed as part of Phase 1 of the GHRI. When compared to the comparable quarter of 2023, O&M was $0.11 unfavorable. This $0.11 not only represents the $70 million of vegetation management for which we will not seek recovery, but also the work we pulled forward from the fourth quarter to increase readiness for future potential inclement weather that could impact the Houston Electric system. In addition to the headwinds from O&M, weather and usage contributed an additional $0.06 of unfavorability quarter-over-quarter, $0.02 of this unfavorable variance was driven by reduced usage caused by outages from Hurricane Beryl along with a considerably milder summer in the Houston Electric service territory as compared to 2023. We continue to recover on our customer-driven investments, which contributed $0.09 of favorability this quarter when compared to the comparable quarter of 2023. This is primarily driven by the ongoing recovery from various interim mechanisms for which customer rates were updated last year as well as the interim rates in our Minnesota Gas business that went into effect on January 1 of this year. In addition, the Houston area continues to see strong organic growth, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% average annual customer growth. As Jason referenced, this dynamic aids in keeping future increases in our customer electric delivery charges, roughly in line with the forecasted rate of inflation over the next 10 years. Interest expense and financing costs contributed $0.01 of favorability when compared to the comparable quarter in 2023 due to moderating interest rates and the favorable variance from the redemption of the Series A preferred stock in September of last year. Despite the headwinds we faced this quarter, we continue to reaffirm our full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63. Our confidence in reiterating our full year 2024 guidance today is driven by the O&M work on the system that we accelerated into the third quarter. Our updated work plans are reflected in the $0.11 of unfavorability I mentioned as the work otherwise would have been spread across the third and fourth quarters. This is a departure from last year where we highlighted some higher O&M costs in the fourth quarter, reflecting work, including incremental vegetation management. In addition to reaffirming full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance, today, we are also initiating our 2025 non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.74 to $1.76 per share. The midpoint of this range represents annual growth of 8% from the midpoint of our 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.61 to $1.63. Our 2025 figures are a byproduct of the significant investments we've made across our various jurisdictions over the last couple of years. As you may recall, we accelerated investments in the Houston Electric service territory last year, and we continued a strong investment profile across our jurisdictions this year. These investments have resulted in a rate base CAGR of more than 11% over the last two years. The strong foundation of organic growth with the new capital investments, combined with rates we are anticipating through our interim rate mechanisms and rate case outcomes, give us the conviction in our 2025 non-GAAP earnings guidance initiated today. Next, I'll touch on our capital investments execution as of the quarter in 2024, as shown on Slide 8. In the third quarter of 2024, we invested $900 million of base work for the benefit of our customers and communities. This excludes spending related to storm restoration. Year-to-date, we have invested approximately $2.6 billion which represents over 70% of our original 2024 capital expenditure target of $3.7 billion. We remain on target to meet our base capital plan investment despite the interruptions of normal capital deployment from the storms we've experienced this year. I'd also like to provide a quick update on where we stand with storm costs related to the May derecho event and Hurricane Beryl. With the majority of costs accounted for, we are now able to refine our estimate to the low end of the previously disclosed $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion range as we now estimate costs for both storms to total $1.6 billion. We intend to make our filing for cost determination in connection with the securitization for the May storm costs in the coming weeks and storm registration costs associated with Hurricane Beryl in the first half of next year. I'll now turn to our capital investment targets for 2025 and beyond. For 2025, we are targeting to invest $4.9 billion across various jurisdictions for the benefit of our customers and communities. Looking to the remaining five years of our original 10-year capital investment plan that runs through 2030, we are now targeting to deploy approximately $26 billion of capital, of which $21 billion is anticipated to be in the state of Texas. This brings our 10-year total capital investment plan up to $47 billion. This $47 billion is a $2.5 billion increase from our previously stated $44.5 billion. Our incremental investment is expected to all be deployed in our Houston Electric service territory and will be reflected in our upcoming system resiliency plan that we have committed to filing by January 31, 2025. We anticipate these investments will enhance the customer experience, but we remain cognizant of the impact of our investments on customer bills. However, based on the total current average Houston Electric residential bill, we estimate that our investments, combined with the estimated impacts of the to-be securitized storms, should result in customer bill increases roughly in line with the forecasted long-term rate of inflation over the next 10 years. As a reminder, our Houston Electric residential customer delivery charges were the same in 2014 as when we started 2024. This build trajectory is a result of our continued focus on efficiency and our O&M activities in addition to the consistent customer growth we've seen in the Houston area for the last three decades. Finally, I want to touch on our balance sheet and how we're thinking about funding our increased capital plan. As of the end of the third quarter, our calculated FFO to debt was 13.8% when adjusting for the storm costs on a pro forma basis, based on our calculation aligning with Moody's methodology as shown here on Slide 9. We've demonstrated our continued focus on preserving our balance sheet strength while executing our capital plans despite incremental storm cost pressures this year. Our efforts included the acceleration of $250 million of common equity into this year and the issuance of equity credit from hybrid debt securities. We plan to maintain that same philosophy as we work to efficiently fund investments and preserve credit health, both in the near term and beyond as we continue to focus on our long-term target of maintaining a cushion of 100 to 150 basis points above our downgrade threshold. We also have substantial cash inflows as part of our plan, starting in 2025. Looking over roughly the next 12 to 18 months, we anticipate approximately $3 billion of gross cash proceeds from the divestiture of Louisiana and Mississippi Gas LDCs and storm-related securitization issuances. And with regard to those anticipated securitization issuances, as a reminder, the State of Texas has seen 11 utility securitization transactions since 2008. So there's a strong history under this existing construct underpinning our conviction. We expect these combined proceeds will be a part of our strengthening story as we execute on additional customer-driven investments. As we look to the long-term financing plans through 2030, I also want to provide an update today on our equity guidance. With respect to the incremental $2.5 billion of resiliency investments, we expect to follow our previously provided guidance of funding incremental investments with 50% equity and 50% debt. As such, you should expect that we will raise an incremental $1.25 billion of equity in addition to the $1.25 billion issuance through 2030 we previously guided to. This takes the total equity plan guidance to approximately $2.5 billion through the remainder of the decade. You should expect that the equity issuances associated with these incremental expenses will likely come towards the latter part of our remaining 5-year plan. In the near term, and as I mentioned previously, the approximately $3 billion of cash inflows should allow us flexibility and mitigate the need for common equity in 2025. Although we do not foresee the need for common equity issuances through 2025, we plan to continue to be opportunistic in strengthening the balance sheet through credit-enhancing instruments like those we issued earlier this year. We will, of course, focus on the most efficient ways to raise that equity, be it through common equity issuances, incremental equity content such as hybrids or recycling proceeds. As we look across the states that we are fortunate to serve, we remain confident in the continuation of our long-term plan, with a consistent focus on improving customer outcomes, delivering affordable service and building towards the most resilient coastal grid in the United States. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. Regardless of the challenges we face, this management team remains firmly committed to delivering for all of our stakeholders, our customers, our communities, our regulators and legislators and our investors.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Jason. Operator, we're now ready to turn to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And one moment for our first question. And the first question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, guys, good morning.
Jason Wells: Hi, good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Jason. So just on '24 looks like it's in good shape as we're sort of thinking about '25 guidance. There's kind of a lot of moving pieces there, including sort of the GRC withdrawal requests, tracker filings, potentially maybe higher O&M. I guess, where's the level of confidence here, and what happens if the GRC withdrawal request isn't approved? Which I guess we'll know in a couple of weeks. There's just a lot of moving pieces in some key events. It'd be great to maybe if you can bridge it a little bit further for us? Thanks.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks, Shar, for the question. Obviously, we have a high degree of confidence in terms of initiating '25 here. There are a few points that I want to highlight that support that confidence. The first is we've invested significantly for our customers over the last two years, and have a rate base CAGR over the last two years of about 11%. That creates a solid foundation for the 8% guide on earnings growth. Second thing that I'd probably highlight is, as you know, we will have new base rates in three of our jurisdictions in '25 Texas Gas, Indiana Electric and Minnesota Gas. And I think what's notable about Minnesota Gas is as you recall, over the past we have filed rate cases every other year in Minnesota. And that profile created a dynamic where in every odd year, we had zero increase in revenues in Minnesota. When we filed this multiyear rate case last year, we filed with a request to increase revenues here in '25. And so that smooths the profile for both earnings, but also for rate increases for our customers. And so, I think that's a pretty notable change. And then third, you touched on this. We believe we have access to all the recovery mechanisms for our capital spend with the exception of Ohio. Where we will be in the middle of that rate case. And so, I think those are the drivers that give us confidence for the '25 earnings guidance. You mentioned the withdrawal of the Texas rate case. And as you recall, we had filed a modest revenue increase in that case, about $60 million. And what we have historically said, is that we expected that to be a rate case that resolved itself with flat, potentially maybe a small decrease in revenues. And so, I don't think the timing of the Houston Electric rate case is a real driver for '25, given those other factors I mentioned.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That's perfect, thanks. And then just lastly on equity, obviously it's increased by another $1.25 billion, so $2.5 billion through 2030. I mean, obviously you talked a little bit about the shape of that equity being more back end loaded. But can you prefund the needs? Is there an opportunity there to remove the overhang, and our asset sales still an opportunity with the LDCs, or capital markets aren't there for that? Thanks.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks again for the question, Shar. What I would say is we've established, I think a pretty strong track record of efficiently raising the equity that, we need with a series of transactions in the past. You can count on us doing the same here. We will efficiently fund this equity. I don't necessarily think it comes in the form of prefunding, but we will look at the most optimal way to finance these needs. And as Chris mentioned, I think we're in a pretty strong position with having $3 billion of cash inflows, over call it the next 12 to 18 months. That really gives us quite a bit of flexibility here, as we think about the best possible way to efficiently raise the equity.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That is perfect. Thanks guys. Appreciate it. See you in a couple weeks.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: So hi, so first, just the detail on the Texas load growth, and the 30% growth in peak through 2030. Is that kind of include all the updates that you owe to I think ERCOT for early next year for kind of load growth plans? Is that the kind of range that we should be expecting?
Jason Wells: No, there's the potential for incremental load growth in that update with ERCOT. That process with ERCOT, is really trying to capture kind of all speculative load in the 30% figure that I highlighted, was a subset of that speculative load where we have a much higher degree of confidence. And so, as we look at and work with a number of companies in this region. As an example, hydrogen related activity could be multiples of what's included in that number, as one example. So, we will be working to categorize, kind of all of what I'll call speculative load activity. And then providing various degrees of confidence, for each of those categories. And I think the headline number should be higher, but we feel a high degree of confidence in at least 30% through 2030.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just maybe you could just give us an update on maybe a little more color on where things stand with the rating agencies, and what they're keying off of from here. Is it just the metrics, or is there other things that they are watching and care about? Thanks?
Chris Foster: Sure. Steve, good morning. I think it's really both pieces to start with the numbers, you saw us come out this morning with we're consistently measuring against Moody's and the 13% downgrade threshold there. We came out with the adjusted number today of 13.8%. We're confident that as we continue to go forward, what we're really going to see change there over the next year. Is the combination of the Louisiana, Mississippi Gas LDC proceeds as well as the securitization related proceeds. So it's certainly the case, the rating agencies are watching closely those securitization filings as well, with the ultimate goal of, of really just seeing the really strong Texas Regulatory construct work, right. That's why you saw us today really highlight two things. First, again, the securitization process with a long history here in Texas, of approvals of 11 different securitizations. And the second is the opportunity, without the rate case in front of us, to pursue the traditional capital trackers, which we do intend to do.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Chris Foster: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. Hi, Chris, just to kind of follow-up on the credit metrics discussion, maybe just can you help us maybe a little bit more detail on the timing of the securitization proceeds in 2025? And then, just directionally speaking, where do you, on a Moody's basis where you're expecting 2024 metrics to be and then 2025. I'm thinking if they dip towards the end of the year, and then pick back up in 2025 as you receive those proceeds. But just more color there? Thank you, Chris.
Chris Foster: Sure Durgesh. Happy to do it. Let me just remind everybody again, the highest order, the focus of the company for the long-term, is the focus on a cushion of 100 to 150 basis points as we go. But let me unpack the securitization pieces for you in particular. First, you should assume that we filed two different securitization requests. The first will be for the associated May storm or derecho related storm costs. We'll file that soon. As a result, I think you should generally assume a roughly Q3, resolution and associated proceeds of 2025. Second, we'll file the Hurricane Beryl related costs. We're generally targeting roughly Q2 of next year once we get all those costs in, to file for those Beryl-associated requests. Cumulatively, what we did this morning, is we updated toward the low end of the cost themselves. Previously our guide was $1.6 to billion $1.8 billion. We updated today given the greater certainty we have now at $1.6 billion. So ultimately Durgesh, I'd say the first piece roughly Q3, '25, second component of Hurricane Beryl related costs either late Q4, or early Q1, 2026.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks Chris. And just so, I guess by the end of next year are you sort of in that 14% to 15% I mean, you're very close to it as of the end of 3Q. I'm just thinking about CapEx picking up next year, and these securitization proceeds. Where do you shake out in that 14% to 15%? Are you going to be solidly in that range next year, or is that more of a '26 event?
Chris Foster: Yes, I think it's ultimately once we get the securitization proceeds and Durgesh, we'll be stepping back into that substantial cushion, right. So you'd ultimately probably be looking at Q1, 26. Once we've got all that done. Keep in mind that we've also emphasized this morning, the consistent focus we've got on the balance sheet. You saw us pull forward even the 2025 equity, kind of being front footed at that point. So you're just going to consistently see the focus here from the team.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Really appreciate that detail, color. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off I guess looking at the state as a whole, how things stand in Texas. How have stakeholder conversations trended there, since completing your GHRI Phase I work versus the initial aftermath of the storm?
Jason Wells: Yes, no thanks Jeremy for the question. I think things continue to improve. I mean, we've concocted obviously extensive outreach, elected officials, customers, our communities, community leaders. And what we've heard inconsistently is that, everybody wants a more resilient system. They want improved communications. I think they saw improved communications as we prepare for Francine. And I think they have appreciated the progress that we made in August, and that we're carrying forward with the resiliency investments in the second phase of GHRI. As I highlighted on the call, I think the area where we can make the single biggest sort of improvement in a short period of time is on this concept of segmentation and automation. And the plan that we've got here in the second phase. When it's all implemented, will save our customers about 125 million outage minutes annually. And I think that's the direction that our stakeholders want to see us go in. And so, obviously there's more to be done. It is a focus of ours, to continue to re-earn trust. We know that we've got to continue to lean into those conversations. Both with elected officials as well as our communities. But I think, we're heading in a direction that everybody wants. That's again, a more resilient, reliable grid and much better communication.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. Thanks. And just moving to 2024 guide real quick here. Despite the $0.11 O&M drag this quarter, reaffirming 2024 whole, this suggests, I guess, a lot of offsets in 4Q. Just wondering if you could, walk us through that a bit more. What is contemplated there as far as the offsets and then I guess how does, this position for 2025?
Chris Foster: Sure. Good morning. I think there's a few pieces to keep in mind there, which informally the confidence of maintaining our guide. I think the first piece again, is just the consistency of the trackers that we've got. The last couple quarters there have seen a benefit of roughly $0.09 to $0.10 quarter-over-quarter related to those trackers specifically. And so, we're going to expect that trend to continue really across our jurisdictions relative to the fourth quarter of last year. The second piece, and I hit this one in my prepared remarks specifically, but I'll again just reiterate, we did a lot of incremental work on the system in Q3, certainly highlighting the critical vegetation management work during the sprint, we undertook during August of this year. And a lot of that work was incremental to the year. But keep in mind some of it was an acceleration from Q4, so I'd expect that to result in about $0.01 benefit to Q4 as well. And on top of that recall last year that we had pulled forward work into the fourth quarter, and so that work was about $0.03 from 2024 to 2023. And so that again should benefit us here, as we look at Q4, 2024, when you do the quarter-over-quarter look all-in-all confident here for the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. Great, helpful. Thank you.
Chris Foster: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro: Hi. Thank you. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Wondering if you could give an update on kind of where you stand with the proposal that you put forth, regarding the temporary gen recovery, or what the next move is with that, with that proposal?
Jason Wells: Yes, just as a quick reminder. I think the real focus of the state's attention on the temporary generation portfolio, is really on the large units. And when we look at the amount of investment in those large units, there's a little less than $100 million of profit, or equity earnings that has not yet been recognized on those units. And the proposal that we made in August was basically to forgo the equivalent, a little bit more than the equivalent of that remaining profit. We put forward a proposal, where we would forego about $110 million of profit. Clearly I think stakeholders saw that as a good step forward, but I think there's still discussion around the use of these units. And as we've indicated on many occasions, we are working with everybody in the state to find a solution that works, a solution that works for our customers in times of load shed. We still have an obligation to rotate power once every 12 hours in a load shed event. And given our industrial load profile, critical facilities like the Texas Medical Center, we believe that we need those large units to comply with that order. But if the state wants us to, state wants to change that requirement or wants us to look at these units differently, we're happy to work with the state in that regard. So there's no prescribed timing. We attempted to address the concerns on the profit, the remaining profit on the large units, and we'll work with the state to find final resolution.
David Arcaro: Okay. Got it. Appreciate the update there. And then maybe on the transmission outlook in the state, there are a couple of big programs out there. We've got the Permian plan potential for 765 kV investments. Wondering if you could talk about how you could be involved there? When might we see some of the potential projects, or upside opportunities start to crystallize for your plan?
Jason Wells: I think more directly the opportunities around the 765 kV project, there are a couple of our substations that would tie into that project. And as you know, the standard here in Texas is right of first refusal for the lines that connect into our substations. And so, we see the opportunity for significant investment in the 765 kV lines that are outside, or not incorporated in the $47 billion CapEx plan that we've highlighted here. So that's potential upside. I think there's less potential upside with the Permian Basin directly. That's really focused kind of outside of our service territory. What I would say indirectly, though, and back to my response earlier, ERCOT will update the speculative load study in early '25. At that point, they will incorporate an estimate of speculative load in the Greater Houston region. Given the explosive growth that we talked about, I have to believe that there are going to be more transmission lines that are needed, to serve that increasing load as a reminder. On any given day, we're importing about 60% electricity needed to serve our customers. And as that electricity demand grows, there will be more need for incremental transmission lines and substations. And so, we see electric transmission as being sort of a long-term tailwind for our CapEx plan. And I'd like to really start to kind of see that, come into greater focus probably in '25 along, around this speculative load update.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great, that's helpful. Thanks so much.
Jackie Richert: Operator, I think we have time for one more if there's another in the queue.
Operator: All right. Our last question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. It's nice to chat with you guys again. If I can follow-up on a few different things, just a little bit pick here from the call thus far. With respect to mobile generation, I mean, just to understand the contract terms and the permutations here. How do you think about any strategic avenues here to the extent to which it ultimately the state, whether the legislative session, or otherwise ultimately effectively pushes you into a decision to effectively divest, if you will, in the broadest terms? How do you think about what is possible within the construct that you have here?
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Especially for a state that's short.
Jason Wells: I think that's the key to it, your last comment, right? There's been very little net generate - dispatchable generation build. Clearly, there's been a lot of generation build when we think about intermittent renewables. But on a net basis, in terms of new build less retirements. The state has really seen very little in the way of dispatchable build. And so, I think the focus for the state is really trying to. In particular, these days, find a path for the winter peak. We saw the benefit of the battery storage deployment here this past summer. I think those battery storage investments are really helping kind of the summer peak, where we're talking about hours. They're not necessarily as helpful in the winter peak, where we're potentially short for days. And so, I think what we're looking for is a solution that could help address dispatchable needs here in the state. That could mean subleasing our equipment to others, so that it doesn't leave the state, but is an available resource at the same level. Otherwise, obviously, we will work with our elected officials if they have a different point of view. And so, I don't think there's a definitive path forward, but I think everybody is trying to find a solution that protects customers in the event of load shed, but also does so sort of optimally from a cost standpoint, and we're happy to find that balance with everyone.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just a quick nitpick on the last response. Just a transmission update from ERCOT here. Obviously, ERCOT released their own load forecast here recently. You talked about this 8 gigawatt number on the call momentarily ago. How does that inbound, again, I get this is a fluid situation, reconciled against ERCOT's demand? And effectively, are you suggesting as a further sort of net uptick in ERCOT's demand and/or that updated load forecast that came up, with doesn't necessarily yet reflect their transmission expectations? I'm just trying to understand, I think you're suggesting that there's an uptick in both the demand as well as their transmission planning, to reflect the 8 gigawatts that you just alluded to on data center specifically potentially?
Jason Wells: Yes, Julien, I think that's the short of it. It's an uptick both on demand and transmission. The updated numbers still don't reflect, the potential development here in the Greater Houston region. That update, as I mentioned, really is coming kind of in early '25. What we have seen this summer is like a fundamental shift in data center activity. Up until early summer, we had about 1 gigawatt of demand in the queue. And now it's over 8 gigawatts as of the time of this call. And I think that really reflects the fact that as we talk to developers and hyperscalers, latency becomes less of an issue as it move more development to AI-driven data centers. Texas remains very attractive in terms of being able to build new transmission lines, new generation. Our interconnection timelines compare very favorably in a state that, can move quickly with large infrastructure investments. And so, I think that's why we've seen it dramatically change this summer. All of that, to your point, will get incorporated into ERCOT's low forecast early next year. And just given the point that I've recently highlighted, we continue to highlight that 60% of our electricity is important on any given day, that's likely going to mean more transmission here for the Greater Houston region.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So even accelerating in the last quarter despite ERCOT's update even the last couple of months here, it seems like there's an upward bias there?
Jason Wells: Yes, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Excellent guys. Thank you for the time and clarifying that.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien.
Jackie Richert: Thanks, Julien. And with that, operator, I think that will conclude our Q&A for today. Thanks, everyone, for participating in this quarterly call.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Rickert?
Jackie Richert : Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Jason Wells, our CEO, and Chris Foster, our CFO, will discuss the company's second quarter results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis, referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures discussed on this call, please refer to today's news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells : Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. Before spending most of my time discussing the impacts of and our response to Hurricane Beryl, I will very briefly touch on our results for the second quarter. I'll then turn it over to Chris for a regulatory update and a more detailed recap of our financial results. For the second quarter, we reported GAAP and non-GAAP EPS of $0.36 per share. In addition, we are reaffirming our full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63. Beyond 2024, we are also reaffirming our long-term guidance, where we expect to grow non-GAAP EPS and dividend per share growth at the mid-to-high end of our 6% to 8% range annually through 2030. Now, to turn to our primary area of focus. Earlier this month, Hurricane Beryl impacted our entire 5,000-square-mile service territory in the greater Houston area, causing power outages for nearly 2.3 million of our customers, or approximately 80% of our Houston electric customer base. We began tracking Hurricane Beryl and preparing for a possible impact nine days before Beryl made landfall. Initial forecasts showed that our service area in greater Houston would be spared a direct impact by the worst of the hurricane. Nonetheless, we remained vigilant and planned for impact. We initially secured 3,000 mutual assistance crew members from locations safely outside of the projected path of the storm. We also coordinated with utilities across Texas and the region to ensure resource availability. As the forecast trajectory changed, we quickly called on additional mutual assistance resources, ultimately activating and deploying over 15,000 CenterPoint mutual assistance crew members. Early in the morning on Monday, July 8, Hurricane Beryl made landfall as a powerful Category 1 hurricane with heavy rains, flooding, and up to 97-mile-hour winds that reached further inland than any storm experienced in Houston since 1983. As part of our response, we restored power to over 1 million customers within 48 hours, replaced over 3,000 distribution poles on our system, walked over 8,500 circuit miles to repair damage, and deployed mobile generators at 28 sites across the greater Houston area to various critical facilities. Impacts to our distribution lines and facilities from vegetation, such as uprooted trees and related debris carried by the very high winds, were the primary cause of customer outages. In recent years, trees in the Houston area have been weakened due to a combination of high rainfall, prior drought conditions, as well as winter freezes. We trimmed or removed approximately 35,000 trees during our restoration process. Through discussion with one of our largest vegetation management companies, 60% of the vegetation it removed were trees that had fallen from outside of our rights-of-way. Over the last 18 months, we proactively worked to address the challenges these conditions present to our distribution system through increased vegetation management. In fact, in 2023, our Houston Electric business increased its vegetation management spend by over 30% from the prior year. We continue to execute and invest at a similar, higher level of vegetation management as we recognize the impacts of the challenging growing seasons experienced in the Houston area over the last three years, and the resulting threat they could have on our lines and infrastructure. In addition, Hurricane Beryl's destructive winds, in combination with already weakened trees, highlighted not only the urgency with which we need to execute on our vegetation management plan, but also the scope. As a result, we have doubled our vegetation management resources and are aggressively tackling the riskier line miles with trees nearby. We will trim or remove trees related to an incremental 2,000 miles of our system by December 31st of this year. This represents a nearly 50% increase compared to our planned work for 2024. The vegetation work we have begun is only a part of a more comprehensive plan to improve customer outcomes and directly address the customer concerns and frustrations voiced with respect to critical aspects of our emergency response. This plan will also help us better prepare our response in key areas to future storms or hurricanes. I will walk through the three pillars of our comprehensive action plan to address our customers' concerns. Our first pillar relates to our resiliency investments. By accelerating the adoption of advanced construction standards, retrofitting existing assets on an accelerated basis, and using predictive modeling and AI, as well as other advanced technologies, we will harden our distribution system to help withstand more extreme weather and improve the speed of restoration. This is in addition to proactive steps we took nearly two years ago when we moved to constructing at the new national standard for high wind and extreme ice loading. Second, we will build a best-in-class customer communications program. Since the derecho that impacted Houston in May, our outage tracker has not been available for our customers. The tracker we previously used was hosted on a physical server that was not able to accommodate the demand of millions of users at one time. To keep our communities informed, we provided daily restoration updates, but we understand that for many, this was insufficient. As one component of our customer communication action plan, we are launching a new, more customer-oriented outage tracker later this week. Our new outage tracker will help provide our customers more of the information they need in a timely fashion. It will also be comparable to what our Texas Peer Utility customers experience. The new tracker is cloud-based, which will also allow us to scale to high levels of demand. Third, we will strengthen our partnerships with government and community leaders. Effective emergency preparedness and response requires close coordination with government officials. We will hire a seasoned emergency response leader to help the company rapidly accelerate its planning capabilities and to develop close community partnerships to help ease the burden of storm events on our more vulnerable communities. We believe the work underlying these three pillars will support our efforts to build and operate a grid that meets the demands of one of the most dynamic economies in the United States here in Houston. The initial set of specific actions we are taking is laid out on slide three. We will also be taking additional actions as we continue to learn from our internal reviews and external independent review, as well as through engagement with emergency response experts, our customers, elected officials, and community stakeholders. Our singular and overarching goal is to improve in every area of our emergency preparedness and response. Whether it is before, during, or after any future storm, we will be better prepared to support, communicate with, and serve our customers in these times of emergency. As we begin to execute this initial plan, we will work to consistently provide updates on our progress. The men and women at CenterPoint go to work every day with an unrelenting focus on delivering safe, reliable, and resilient energy to our customers, while also striving to improve their experience. We will continue to make customer-focused capital investments to achieve better outcomes for the nearly 3 million electric customers and over 4 million gas customers across our six-state footprint. And with that, I'll turn it over to Chris.
Chris Foster : Thanks, Jason. Before I get into my updates, I want to echo Jason's gratitude to our customers and our communities. Our team is focused on improving our resilience and emergency response capabilities, and I will speak to our financial plan to support those efforts in my remarks today. Today, I'd like to cover three areas of focus. First, the details of our second quarter financial results and guidance. Second, I'll provide a brief update of the progress we're making on our regulatory calendar. Third, I'll touch on our capital deployment status this quarter and forecasted storm costs. And finally, I'll provide an update on our financing plan. Again, as Jason noted, today we are reaffirming our full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63. Which represents 8% growth at the midpoint from our 2023 actual results of $1.50. Beyond 2024, we are also reaffirming our guidance, where we expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid to high end of the 6% to 8% range annually through 2030, as well as targeting dividend per share growth in line with earnings per share growth. Let's now move to the financial results shown on slide four. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.36 for the second quarter of 2024. On a non-GAAP basis, we also reported $0.36 for the second quarter of 2024, compared to $0.28 in the second quarter of 2023. Diving into more detail of the earnings drivers for the quarter, growth and rate recovery contributed $0.10, which is primarily driven by the ongoing recovery from various interim mechanisms for which customer rates were updated last year, as well as the interim rates in our Minnesota gas business that went into effect on January 1 of this year. In addition, the Houston area continues to see strong organic growth, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% 3average annual customer growth. This sustained growth has been beneficial for our customers and investors alike. O&M was $0.02 favorable for the quarter. This favorable variance was driven primarily by the fact that we incurred more of our expenses in the first quarter and had some of our scheduled activities diverted to attend to restoration efforts related to the major HO storm. Partially offsetting the favorable items from rate recovery in O&M were unfavorable weather and increased interest expense. Weather and usage were $0.01 unfavorable when compared to the comparable quarter of 2023, driven primarily by a milder spring in our Minnesota gas service territory. Interest expense was $0.06 unfavorable, primarily driven by the new debt issuances since the first quarter of last year to fund customer-driven work across our electric and gas territories at a higher relative cost of debt. I now want to turn to an update on our broader regulatory calendar in progress, and I'll cover these sequentially from the dates filed. Starting with Texas Gas, where last month, we received Railroad Commission approval of our now final settlement. As a reminder, our four Texas gas jurisdictions will now be consolidated on a go-forward basis for our ongoing rate adjustments. This new consolidation should benefit many customers through a lower impact on their bills from certain investments, and also a reduced administrative burden for other stakeholders. Moving next to the filed Minnesota gas rate case. And as a reminder, we filed our rate case on November 1st of last year. As discussed on the last call, the interim rates for 2024 were approved in mid-December and went into effect on January 1st. The Minnesota Commission will consider interim rates for 2025 toward the end of this year, depending on how far along we are in the case. Hearings are scheduled to occur in the middle of December of this year. Ahead of those hearings, we intend to engage in settlement discussions with parties involved in the case. And as you may recall, we have settled our previous three rate cases in our Minnesota gas jurisdiction. Now, turning to the Indiana electric rate case. We currently have a non-unanimous settlement pending approval. Hearings on this settlement will begin the first week of September with a new statutory deadline for a final order of February 3rd. We look forward to continuing to work with stakeholders to achieve what we believe to be a reasonable outcome for all parties. I'll now touch on our largest jurisdiction, Houston Electric. Over the last month, we have been engaged with many stakeholders as part of settlement discussions in our pending rate case. Those discussions are ongoing, and we continue to provide regular updates to the ALJ in the case. In addition, as we execute on the actions we've laid out following Hurricane Beryl, we intend to work with stakeholders on how to amend our system resiliency plan with the PUCT. The process is fluid, but at this stage, we have abated the schedule on the underlying system resiliency plan, which all parties have agreed to. This allows us to take the coming months to reflect stakeholder input and additional potential system resiliency concepts that emerge from our after-action review and the review of the PUCT. We currently anticipate filing a revised plan later in Q1 2025. Lastly, I want to briefly mention that next month we will file a notice of intent for our upcoming rate case for our Ohio gas business, which is approximately $1.4 billion in rate base. Next, I'll touch on our capital investments thus far in 2024, as shown on slide 6, including the anticipated impact of storm costs and their associated recovery. In the second quarter of 2024, we invested $800 million of base work for the benefit of our customers and communities. This excludes spending related to storm restoration. We now have a little less than 60% of our original 2024 capital expenditure target of $3.7 billion to be invested over the remainder of the year, excluding storm costs. We remain on track to meet our capital investment target, despite the interruptions of normal capital deployment from the storms we've experienced this year. Maintaining our target as we consider a revised version of the resiliency work is a reflection of the conservatism with which we plan each and every year. Although the cost invoicing is not final, total spending associated with the May storm events and Hurricane Beryl are currently estimated to be approximately $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. We currently anticipate that we will securitize both the capital and non-capital portion of the $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion distribution costs to limit the impact to our customers on their bills, and will include approximately $100 million of transmission investments within the next T-cost recovery filing. Based on the total current average residential electric bill, we estimate that these costs could result in an increase of a little more than 2%. As a reminder, the mechanism to recover storm costs in the state of Texas is very constructive and cost-effective for customers. Texas TDUs are able to securitize non-T-cost storm-related costs in excess of approximately $100 million under existing statutory authority. As a result, we anticipate filing for securitization in the fourth quarter of this year, with securitization bond proceeds expected to be received towards the end of next year. Finally, I want to touch on our balance sheet and how we're thinking about funding the storm costs I just discussed. As of the end of the second quarter, our calculated FFO-to-debt was 13.3%. Based on our calculation aligning with Moody's methodology as shown on slide 7, the second quarter tends to be our lightest quarter due to the timing of incremental financing relative to interim recovery mechanisms. This quarter also had a temporary cash flow item that we expect to normalize through the next quarter. Taking a step back, as we continue to see the need to fund growth we are experiencing in Texas, we remain focused on the balance sheet. And with respect to our financing plans through the end of the year, we have evolved our approach. Recognizing the storm impacts. As we remain committed to maintaining our current credit metrics in light of these incremental costs, we intend to pull forward $250 million of equity planned for 2025 into this year, which is in addition to the $250 million issued to date. This does not change our long-term equity guidance, rather should only be considered as an acceleration. We will also incorporate higher equity content into our upcoming debt issuances to enhance credit metrics until the anticipated securitization proceeds are received. We would also see this as pulling forward instruments we've been considering in our long-term plans as mentioned in recent quarterly calls. We remain confident in the continuation of our long-term execution. The last thing I want to mention is we are making good progress related to the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi gas LDCs. We, along with the filings, including filings with the Louisiana and Mississippi public service commissions, and we look forward to working constructively with the commissions to facilitate the approval proceedings. We still anticipate closing the sale late in the first quarter of 2025, and it is anticipated to result in after-cash tax proceeds of approximately $1 billion. As a reminder, a majority of these proceeds will be used to fund our capital investments at Houston Electric for the benefit of customers. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Wells : Thank you, Chris. Regardless of the challenges we face, this management team remains firmly committed to delivering for all of our stakeholders, our customers, our communities, our regulators, our legislators, and our investors.
Jackie Richert : Thank you, Jason. With that, operator, we're now ready for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. One moment for the first question. The first question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Morning. Jason, maybe a little bit of a tough question to answer, but I guess, how do you see the commentary that we've all been listening to from customers, legislators, and kind of stakeholders impacting the current settlement negotiations in the Houston Electric rate case?
Jason Wells: Yeah, thanks for the question, Shar. Clearly, as I've said in a number of different forums, we can and will be better. These are important issues for the greater Houston region, for Texas. Ultimately, though, the answer for getting better is continued investment and resiliency of our system. I think that needs to or will be reflected in the continued negotiations that are occurring from a settlement standpoint. There's, again, clear demand that we need to communicate better, that we need to mitigate the risk of these outages moving forward. And I think, ongoing settlement discussions are all just part of putting the company in a position to continue to be able to make that progress.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. Then, just lastly, obviously, Hurricane Beryl certainly highlighted more work needs to be done, and you had a level of resiliency spending bucketed as upside to the $44.5 billion CapEx plan. I guess, how do the recent events impact that bucket even directionally? How fast do you plan to ramp up in light of the increased urgency with the current regulatory construct that's out there? Thanks.
Jason Wells: Yeah, I think it's definitely an area of focus. We were investing in resiliency prior to that resiliency legislation. I think we heard loud and clear at the PUCT meeting last week that we need to continue to move forward. We've made commitments to move forward. Ultimately, while we've pulled down the system resiliency plan, and we are working with outside experts, taking feedback, we'll obviously work with parties in the case, we plan to rapidly refile it. I think the short of it means there's probably more support for incremental resiliency investments. I'll give you one example. In the filing, we proposed continued sectionalization of our system, which is an important part of isolating outages, helping minimize the overall number. We proposed a pace of about 20 years in that program. I think that's a program that we need to revisit. I don't think the 20-year pace is no longer a pace that folks expect of us. If anything, I think the bias will be towards accelerating incremental resiliency investment as opposed to delaying it.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. Appreciate it. I'll pass it to someone else. Thank you, guys.
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning. So, just on the, I guess, first, a question on the financing plan, the comment on the equity content in the upcoming refinancing, should we assume that's more like a junior subordinated, or could that be like a convertible? Any more color on the likely type of financing there?
Chris Foster : Morning, Steve. It is fair to say that we're certainly looking at different versions of hybrids to pull in more equity content into the plan. And as I mentioned this morning, the other piece is just to pull forward $250 million. Again, to be clear, that doesn't change the overall guide from 2024 to 2030 of the $1.75 billion total. It's just a pull forward of that piece. And as you can imagine, the point there is to just be able to have that in place to comfortably position the balance sheet until we get the anticipated securitization proceeds. Currently thinking those are probably going to be end of year next year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then maybe you could just give us some color on how the rating agencies are reacting to this event and spend in your updated plan. And it's going to be a little while before we know and see the securitization, so just thoughts on kind of their willingness to be patient.
Chris Foster : Sure thing. I think it's fair to say we're having a conversation, Steve, obviously, about both how we're thinking about the plan that Jason has referenced, where we're going to aggressively move forward here in 2024 to do some critical work in the immediate sense. Longer term, we're also talking about some initial thinking on moving forward, ideally in Q1 with a subsequent revised system resiliency plan filing. I think in this case, Texas has had a consistent construct in the state for utilities to securitize costs above the $100 million point. Certainly, that's the case here. And so, sharing certainly that history and consistent history of the state as well in terms of its overall construct. So, fairly fluid conversations, you can imagine, just given how quickly we're moving on a few fronts, but certainly sharing all of our different activities.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Chris Foster : Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet : Hi. Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet : I wanted to pick up on the storm commentary. Thank you for the detail today. Just pulling it all together, looking at your post-hurricane action plan in the items you laid out here, how do you feel about, I guess, how Houston Electric can respond to the next storm out there? Do you think you have the pieces in place now to see a better response, even if everything's not in place altogether? Just wondering how you guys think you stand now.
Jason Wells: Yeah, no, thanks for the question. I do feel confident. As I mentioned yesterday in the Senate hearing, it offers no relief to the customers impacted by Beryl. We were moving with pace and urgency after the derecho to move to a fully scalable outage tracker platform that would offer estimated times of restoration consistent with industry-leading practices and had begun the work to overhaul our communications. That's why I feel confident that if a named storm threatens the Texas Gulf Coast region, we'll be in a much better position to communicate before, during, and after that storm. I think giving our customers the information they unfortunately lack during Hurricane Beryl, but it's that work that we've been doing in advance that I think helps on the communication front. Equally, it offers no relief to the customers that experienced this pain during Beryl, but we had been working on bringing a lot of the innovative predictive modeling to target enhanced vegetation management and resiliency investments for work. That's why I'm confident that as we execute on the incremental resiliency commitments that we've made to Governor Abbott and others, it will have a meaningful impact for our communities. The last month has been tough on the City of Houston. We understand the role we play, but that's also why I have confidence looking forward.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. Thank you for that. Just to follow up here, you mentioned that 60% of the downfall came from outside of your right-of-ways. What can you do about that going forward? Also, I guess just the assets overall, how did the hardened assets perform during the hurricane? Just want to see what value you think has been delivered with prior hardening here.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Again, it offers no relief to the customers, but we are seeing the value of resiliency investments. We saw very minimal structural damage on our transmission system substations. Strategically, it makes sense to put the first investments in the backbone of the system from a resiliency standpoint. We've begun some of the incremental sectionalization work and hardening of distribution circuits. That work saved over 150,000 outages in the communities that we deployed that. I think moving forward from a resiliency standpoint, it's the acceleration of that work on the distribution grid that will have the most meaningful impact to minimizing outages going forward. The key issue, though, at the end of the day was, candidly, there was little structural damage on the system. It was well less than even 0.5% of our poles failed. But what really caused the outages were, as you pointed out, 60% of the trees impacting our lines were outside of our right-of-way. Candidly, we don't have any authority today to trim and manage those trees. We are doing the work to identify the trees that create those hazards. We are proactively trying to work with property owners to access that property and address those trees, which are a safety issue, obviously, for the residential homeowner, as an example. A tree can just as easily fall into their home as it could into the power line. But we don't have authority today unless granted by the homeowner. So, looking to work with community leaders, our regulators, elected officials to make sure that we can continue to work at pace to address this vegetation that threatens our system moving forward.
Jeremy Tonet : Got it. Thank you for that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Your line is open.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions this morning. I appreciate all the details.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Nick.
Nicholas Campanella: Morning. Just wanted to follow-up. As we kind of contemplate pulling forward some of this equity from '25 into '24, and then you also talked about doing this equity content financing as well, I know you talked about some kind of one-time issues in the 12-month episode of debt. Where do you think you kind of end at the base year, just based on the current plan today?
Chris Foster : Sure. Good morning. I think if you saw this report this morning, as you can imagine, some of this is just the differing methodologies. But from this standpoint, in the S&P methodology, there's the assumption that the securitization proceeds do come through, which moves us up to well above the downgrade threshold, up to 12.9%. At Moody's, right, they treated slightly differently, so it takes us from that roughly 14% to 13.3% where we are this morning. I do have to emphasize, though, Nick, keep in mind that last year this was the same situation. This is a bit of the trough that occurs in Q2 before we pick back up. And we've got a one-time item that we believe in Q3 that you'll be able to see come through further improving FFO to debt. Hard for me to be specific about year end, but just you can imagine where we are at this point is it's a transitory impact year of the time period that will pass between now and the securitization proceeds.
Nicholas Campanella: Okay. Thanks for that. And then I guess you spoke about doubling some of the labor efforts around the tree trimming. Can you remind us, because you do have this 1% to 2%, I think it's an O&M reduction forecast in the long-term plan? Does that need to be reassessed? Can you execute on that, even net of these veg management increases? How do we think about that? Does that stuff get deferred? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jason Wells: Thanks for the question, Nick. I think we continue to see opportunity to drive efficiency in our O&M practices to help support that overall 1% to 2% reduction in O&M. We continue to highlight, as we have in the past, a classic example of that is the benefit of deploying the next generation of smarter meters on the gas side. So, we see plenty of opportunity to continue to be efficient, which is, I think, obviously in our customers' interest, but also helps free up some opportunity to accelerate in other areas. As I highlighted, we increased proactively our vegetation management over 30% last year in 2023, and we still achieved that 1% to 2% reduction year over year in 2023. We will always make the investment that's needed to drive an improvement in service, but I still feel like we've got a number of opportunities across the full scope of the company's operations to achieve on a consolidated basis that 1% to 2% O&M reduction.
Nicholas Campanella: That's helpful. Thanks so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Thank you for giving me time. I think, Chris, you mentioned 2% will increase from the securitization of the distribution spending. I have two questions related to that. First, the confidence level in $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion, I guess where I'm getting at with that is have you basically taken a deep dive of your costs? Are you still incurring costs? And the number could be significantly higher. That's one. And second, what that 2% is over -- you're assuming, I guess, cost recovery over a time frame, over multiple years. Maybe just if you could elaborate on that, please. Thank you.
Chris Foster : Sure thing. Happy to. Good morning, Durgesh. I think there's really two pieces there. I think the first is -- I'll hit the second one first in terms of time frame. At this stage, we would be compiling the costs. The thing to keep in mind is that the existing construct in the state does allow for the entity to combine events that occur, including multiple events over a calendar year, into one securitization. So, again, we would seek to file that and ultimately assume, in this situation, end of year 2025 time frame for recoveries there. As it relates to the overall kind of profile itself, the thing to keep in mind here is that we do already have a good feel of the asset-based costs associated with both the derecho and Hurricane Beryl. The primary driver beyond that is most commonly the labor costs, right? The costs associated with nearly 15,000 individuals that were doing work on our system. And so, we do have a pretty good feel of how those are forecasted at this stage, which informs the disclosure this morning at the high end of $1.8 billion. So, again, it's going to be a somewhat similar profile, just given the crews and the associated contracts are very similar as to what we saw in the situation with the derecho, and we're well over 75% of those costs already in. So, it gives us confidence to inform the profile that you see today.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Thank you. Just one quick clarification, Chris. The 2%, I think you mentioned the 2% impact on customer bills. I guess where I was going with the time frame is that assumes that $1.8 billion is collected over how many years?
Chris Foster : Sure. Traditionally, in the statutory requirement in Texas, it's 15 years.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you. I appreciate the time.
Chris Foster : Sure thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question.
Jason Wells: Good morning, David.
David Arcaro: Morning. I'm wondering if you might be able to comment on the legislative outlook from here. I'm curious if there are legislative initiatives that you might pursue or support, just any ideas that may be being explored by lawmakers in the state to help improve resiliency?
Jason Wells: A couple of the topics that have come up early on are consistent with my previous discussion around vegetation management. I think the question is, does the state of Texas, do we need to do something different to be able to attack these hazard trees that are outside of right-of-ways and do so in a manner that is obviously constructive with property owners? I think that's obviously a place to look. The other thing that's come up is sort of the unique aspect of the market here in Texas, the fact that we have a service relationship with customers but not a commercial relationship. It's, at the end of the day, inexcusable that we don't have customer contact information at each address since we have that service-related responsibility. There may be something around that as well. Clearly, yesterday, there was a lot of feedback on mobile generation. Right now, we want to be constructive with the policy objectives of the state. As I mentioned in the Senate hearing, we have an order by the PUCT that we cannot allow a customer to go more than 12 hours without power in a load shed event. Those assets are necessary to comply with that order, but if policymakers want to change that direction, obviously, we will work to support the policy direction of the state. There's a lot of different things being discussed now, and I think that they will come into greater focus as we approach the end of the year and, obviously, the start of the legislative session next year.
David Arcaro: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. Maybe, Chris, just wondering if you might be able to clarify, is there a target for when you would expect to get back. At the FFO/Total debt level, you would expect to get back into the target range and get above 14%? For example, at Moody's?
Chris Foster : Sure, David. I think what you'll see there naturally is that you'll have the adjustment upward from S&P that will take place, and then Moody's does so upon receipt of proceeds. Again, so you'd be looking at roughly Q4 of next year in this timeframe.
David Arcaro: Okay. Understood. Thanks so much.
Operator: And the next question comes from Julien Dumoulin Smith with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thank you, guys, for the time. I hope you guys are hanging in there. Just maybe on the puts and takes, obviously, you talked about some of the accelerated equity here on '24. Just can we talk a little bit about your thoughts on the positive offsets here to the pressure points, whether it's additional OpEx in the form of these storms, to the extent to which there's any realized interest expense or ultimately just lost sales? How do you think about the good guys and bad guys in the offset there to maintain the outlook here in the very near term?
Chris Foster : Sure thing, Julien. In the very near term, as you can imagine, there was a usage impact associated with the storm itself. We also had a situation where we were having to adjust work temporarily as it related to the literal storm response and restoration. But ultimately, as we're looking through the remainder of the year, as you saw, we reaffirmed this morning, gives us confidence that we've got both two things going on. One, the ability for the mutual aid and other crews who joined our colleagues to really effectively work to restore customers quickly. But also, as I mentioned, we have been able to retain confidence in achieving the base CapEx plan as well. So net of the different factors, including interest expense, we're confident that we're still able to reaffirm this morning.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: All right, fair enough. And then just coming back to the mobile gen, I mean, that's been getting a certain amount of attention here. And obviously, perhaps they were contemplated for a slightly different circumstance. How do you think about developing a more refined program here to target more of these localized distribution-related outages with vegetation management issues that you've encountered here? And ultimately, how does this work in, because of which you evaluate this or otherwise, into a revised timeline on the resiliency filing here? I know that there's various permutations there as well.
Jason Wells: Yeah, I mean, I strongly believe we have the most comprehensive mobile gen program consistent with what has been asked of us by the state and its policy objectives. The legislation was passed in 2021, and there was a focus on load shed events. Those are sort of larger units tied to substations. And as I mentioned yesterday, there's been 115 instances since that legislation started to be discussed where there were tight system conditions on our cotton. Those systems, those units may be to be utilized. We had also utilized in 2021 one of the medium-sized units for storm restoration and got a significant amount of pushback. And I think the legislature clarified that in 2023. And as soon as we got that clarification in the fall of 2023, we increased the number of small units. And so, I'm proud that we were able to scale to 18 small units out of a total of 30. The other 12 we borrowed from our utility peers to be part of the storm response. And so, as I said yesterday, we manage a number of different risks, whether those are load shed events or storm response. We've got a portfolio of assets to kind of meet those needs. Now, obviously, as I said, if the policy objectives of the state change, we will change with them. But I think today we are maintaining a diversified portfolio for the diversified set of risks that we manage.
Jackie Richert: Operator, I think we're going to have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. And our last question will come from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. Just two quick ones. I'm not sure if one was answered. If I look on slide 3 and the plan and everything else, if I remember correctly, your system resiliency plan was between $2.2 billion and $2.7 billion. $2.2 billion was the base case. Then, what's on slide 3 be accomplished as a $2.7 billion number, or that would be above the $2.7 billion number?
Chris Foster : Anthony, morning. I was thinking about it within the $2.7 billion. Keep in mind that we provide that higher end as an articulation of the ability to accelerate some work, and that's really what you're seeing here is a pretty aggressive acceleration here in 2024 to make sure we're doing more work on the system.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. And then a follow-up to an earlier question, you guys identified a lot of the outages occurred due to, I think, trees that are on customer's property. You guys didn't really have any responsibility over it. I mean, does undergrounding become more of a solution in your service territory than maybe years past?
Jason Wells: Yeah, thanks, Anthony. It's a great question, and I think one where there's certainly going to be a greater push for undergrounding, and it will play probably an even more prominent role in our resiliency efforts going forward. But what I think is important as well as to kind of balance it, about 60% of our customers today receive service through underground lines. It's a pretty significant penetration of undergrounding already in the system. But the point of weakness is those communities are often fed with overhead lines kind of at the feeder level. That's where we saw the tree damage. And so, I think we have to find a balance between undergrounding where it makes sense and where we have overhead lines, making sure that they are hardened and more resilient so that they're not the single point of failure, so to speak, from an outage standpoint. So, it's a little bit of an all of the above, but I would imagine that undergrounding takes an even greater prominence moving forward.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Anthony.
Jackie Richert: Great. Operator, with that, that will now conclude our Q&A for the day. I appreciate everyone dialing in. I think with that, we'll conclude the call.
End of Q&A:
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation and have a good day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [ Operator Instructions ] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Senior Vice President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations and Trustee. Ms. Richert, you may begin. 
Jackie Richert: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Jason Wells, our CEO; and Chris Foster, our CFO, will discuss the company's first quarter results.
 Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements.
 We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our news release and presentation on our website. We will use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. 
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Jason. 
Jason Wells: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning, everyone. As many of you likely saw from this morning's earnings release, we are off to a strong start in 2024 despite the mild weather and the general trend of higher for longer interest rate environment our sector has experienced. This quarter is yet another illustration of why we believe we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry, which we plan to consistently execute and thoughtfully enhance for the benefit of all of our stakeholders.
 On this morning's call, I'd like to address 3 key areas of focus before handing the call over to Chris to discuss our financial results in more detail. First, I'll briefly summarize the strong first quarter financial results I just alluded to. Second, I'll touch on the details of our most recent filing at Houston Electric related to our resiliency investments, including the potential for incremental CapEx. And lastly, I'll provide an update on where we stand with respect to our regulatory calendar including an overview of our pending rate cases and an important update on the settlement of our Texas Gas rate case, where we are hopeful for an eventual constructive outcome for our stakeholders.
 First, turning to our financial results for the first quarter. This morning, we announced non-GAAP EPS of $0.55 for the first quarter, which represents over 1/3 of our full year non-GAAP earnings guidance at the midpoint. As a reminder, our full year 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63 represents 8% growth at the midpoint from our 2023 actual results of $1.50 per share and reflects our continued focus delivering value for our investors each and every year.
 Beyond 2024, we are reaffirming our guidance where we expect to grow non-GAAP EPS at the mid- to high end of our 6% to 8% range annually through 2030 as well as targeting dividend per share growth, in line with earnings per share growth over that same period of time. Chris will provide additional details regarding our financial results and earnings guidance shortly.
 Now I'll turn to the recent announcement we made regarding Houston Electric's resiliency plan filing. There's been a tremendous amount of collaboration by the public and private sector to align our focus on great resiliency across the state of Texas. I want to applaud the state for its continued support for providing additional tools to help improve resiliency of the electric grid, all of which serves to support the continued economic growth here in Texas.
 This legislation is a recognition of investments needed to strengthen the resiliency of the grid for the increasing risk of disruptive, extreme weather-related or security-related events while at the same time accommodating little growth across Texas. Through these filings, we anticipate achieving a faster pace of investments to support higher levels of resiliency for our customers while also utilizing a recovery mechanism that is expected to enable smoother and more efficient recovery of certain distribution-related costs for the benefit of our customers and our investors.
 Our focus on delivering a more resilient grid that serves approximately 2.8 million metered customers across the Greater Houston area has been underway for some time. The sequence of our work portfolio began with enhancing our electric transmission system and related substation, which comprised the backbone of our electric grid. This work included upgrading our transmission structures to better withstand extreme winds, elevating our substations to mitigate flood risk and converting our older 69 kV transmission lines to a more robust 138 kV standard. We will continue this work on the backbone of our system and when the first 3-year cycle proposed in this filing is complete in 2027, we believe we will have finished the vast majority of work associated with these programs.
 With that series of measures well underway, we're now complementing these program elements by expanding our targeted investments to improve outcomes closer to the customer. Our work articulated in our resiliency filing has 24 individual resiliency measures that are focused on advancing the overall resiliency of our system. The 3-year plan is expected to significantly improve customer outcomes from the most severe system events associated with extreme wind, flood, temperature changes and wildfires. 
 Additionally, measures are being undertaken to bolster physical and cybersecurity. Examples of some of the solutions will deploy include composite poles, trip saver devices and intelligent grid switching automation technology. All of these are proven to help the system respond more favorably in extreme conditions, resulting in a reduced number of sustained interruptions that our customers experience.
 In fact, we've steadily deployed similar system automation in recent years, saving our customers over 300 million minutes of interruptions over the last 5 years. With the investments included in our resiliency plan filing, we could more than triple that figure over the next few years.
 In aggregate, our filing includes a range of investments of approximately $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion over the 3-year period of 2025 to 2027. The high end of our filing, if approved, would increase our total capital expenditures from $44.5 billion to $45 billion over our 10-year plan ended in 2030.
 Consistent with how we have historically incorporated incremental investment opportunities in our base plan, the $500 million of additional capital will be formally included in our capital investment plan when we believe we can efficiently execute, finance and recover these investments. We will also align our execution with the feedback and final resolution of the resiliency plan proceeding, which we anticipate will be towards the end of this year.
 While we have factored the majority of this resiliency investment within our updated CapEx and financing plans discussed last quarter, Chris will describe thoughts on efficiently funding the incremental $500 million of capital investment opportunity including pursuing various state and federal incentives. We are excited to work with the commission and other stakeholders to get feedback on the plan we proposed and most importantly, executing this work to create a more resilient electric grid for our customers.
 I now want to turn to an update on broader regulatory calendar. I'll cover these sequentially from the dates file, starting with a Texas Gas rate case, where we have recently announced an all party settlement. Although this settlement is still subject to railroad commission approval, we believe the settlement agreement reached with parties is a constructive outcome for our customers and all other stakeholders.
 In its current form, pending approval, the case will result in an annual revenue requirement increase of approximately $5 million, which results in an average increase of well under 1/10 of 1% for our Houston area residential customers. This very modest customer bill increase is a great illustration of the power of organic growth, coupled with our continued focus on reducing O&M across our businesses. The Texas Gas rate case filing included nearly $500 million of new capital investments and an increase to its authorized cost of capital that I'll briefly touch on in a moment, all while resulting in a very modest increase for our customers.
 Since the last rate case, we have invested a total of $1.4 billion in CapEx to continue to improve system safety and reliability for our customers. These investments have translated to more than 1,800 miles of pipe replacement and more than 300,000 advanced meter upgrades, all helping to modernize our gas network. As I just mentioned, our $5 million settled revenue requirement proposal includes an increase to our authorized capital structure and return on equity.
 The proposed settlement includes an authorized equity ratio of approximately 61% and an authorized return on equity of 9.8% across our entire Texas gas jurisdiction. In comparison, we are currently authorized on average for a 55.5% equity layer and a 9.64% return on equity across the 4 historic divisions, increasing both our authorized equity ratio and our authorized return on equity is vital to the Texas Gas business as well as our other regulated businesses as we continue to compete for capital to make critical investments for our customers.
 In addition to the minimal impact to our customer bills, the settlement combines our 4 historic Texas gas jurisdictions into 1 jurisdiction for future capital recovery mechanisms which will benefit all stakeholders through reduced administrative burden and the ability to spread future investments over a broader growing customer base. We appreciate the effort of various parties involved in the rate case to this point and expect railroad commission consideration of the settlement this summer.
 Moving to the filed Minnesota Gas rate case. As a reminder, we filed our rate case on November 1st of last year, with a requested revenue increase of approximately $85 million and $52 million for 2024 and 2025, respectively. As discussed on the last call, the interim rates for 2024 were approved in mid-December and went into effect on January 1st of this year. The commission will consider interim rates for 2025 toward the end of this year, depending on how far along we are in the case. At this stage, we anticipate hearings to occur in the middle of December this year. Ahead of those hearings, we intend to engage parties to the case in settlement discussions. As you may recall, we have settled our previous 3 rate cases at our Minnesota Gas jurisdiction.
 Now turning to the Indian electric rate case, which we filed in December of last year with a requested revenue requirement of $190 million. As we've discussed previously, much of this revenue requirement increase is associated with our investments in connection with our electric generation transition plan as we move away from coal to more efficient and cost-effective fuel types such as renewables and natural gas. We have slightly delayed the start of the hearings in this case to determine if a settlement is possible with parties. Absent a settlement, we would expect a final decision in this case in the fourth quarter of this year.
 And finally, I'll touch on our largest jurisdiction, Houston Electric. As many of you saw, we have filed our rate case last month with a requested revenue requirement increase of 2.6%, which is approximately $60 million. This revenue requirement increase results in a relatively nominal residential customer charge increase of about $1.25 per month or less than 1%. This revenue requirement increase is premised on the filing seeking an authorized equity ratio of approximately 45% and an authorized return on equity of 10.4%.
 As a reminder, we've been funding the Houston Electric business with a 45% equity ratio, as we believe this is the minimum amount of equity with which this business should be capitalized even though we are currently authorized at 42.5%. The modest revenue requirement request truly exemplifies the strong advantage we have here at CenterPoint, as it's driven by, one, our relentless focus on reducing O&M 1% to 2% per year on average; two, prior securitization charges rolling off the bill in October of this year; and three, the nearly unparalleled growth at Houston Electric and surrounding areas experienced each and every year.
 To put these combined factors into perspective, since our last rate case in 2019, Houston Electric's rate base has nearly doubled, while the average residential charges were nearly the same amount at the beginning of 2024 as they were all the way back in 2014.
 As a management team, we are acutely aware of the advantage we have to serve a growing economy like Houston, but we also understand the tremendous responsibility that a company [indiscernible]. We are tasked with serving and supporting the dynamic growth of Houston's vibrant and diverse population. One recent tangible example of Houston's continued expansion can be seen from the nearly $6 billion in Department of Energy grants awarded a little over a month ago. Nearly 1/3 of these grants were ordered for projects in the Greater Houston area.
 If completed, we believe these projects associated with these grants could contribute well over 500 megawatts alone in new load in the Houston Electric service territory. And this is just one of many examples of the explosive load growth potential in this region. We look forward to working with our stakeholders as we continue to support this incredible growth story here in Houston.
 Before moving on, I want to briefly mention that we have one other rate case that we will be filing in 2024 related to our Ohio gas business. We anticipate filing this rate case in August of this year, and we'll provide more details as we get closer to the filing. We look forward to continuing to work with all of our stakeholders to reach constructive resolutions to all of our rate cases. We believe we are well positioned in all of our filings as we've made prudent investments on behalf of our customers and have made concerted efforts to reduce controllable O&M for the benefit of the communities we serve. Those are all of my updates for now.
 With a strong start here in 2024, we have laid the foundation to once again meet or exceed expectations for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. I'm proud of the early milestones already achieved in 2024 and look forward to being able to provide progress on our cases and how the resiliency plan filing and other opportunities may influence incremental investments in the future.
 I am confident in our path forward and our ability to continue as we reaffirm our commitment to our proven strategy into our non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of 8% in 2024 and at the mid- to high end of our 6% to 8% non-GAAP EPS guidance target range annually from 2025 through 2030. And as we've mentioned in recent quarters, we'll be prepared to update a new 10-year plan through an Analyst Day following the conclusion of our rate cases next year.
 With that, I'll hand it over to Chris for his financial updates. 
Christopher Foster: Thanks, Jason. Today, I'd like to cover 3 areas of focus. First, the details of our strong first quarter financial results. Second, I'll touch on our capital deployment progress this quarter and the potential for incremental capital related to Houston Electric system resiliency plan filing. And finally, I'll provide an update on where we stand with respect to our current financing plan and credit metrics.
 Let's start with the financial results shown on Slide 6. As Jason highlighted earlier, the first quarter of 2024 was yet another strong quarter of financial performance here at CenterPoint. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.55 for the first quarter of 2024. On a non-GAAP basis, we also reported $0.55 for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $0.50 in the first quarter of 2023. With these first quarter results, we have now earned over 1/3 of our full year 2024 non-GAAP earnings guidance at the midpoint.
 Diving into more detail of the earnings drivers for the quarter, growth in rate recovery contributed $0.09, which was primarily driven by the ongoing recovery from various interim mechanisms for which the customer rates were updated last year. In addition to those capital recovery mechanisms, interim rates in our Minnesota gas business went into effect on January 1st of this year. These rates reflect a revenue requirement increase of approximately $69 million, which when combined with our requested 2025 revenue increase, represent an approximately 5% average bill increase over the next 2 years.
 In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% average annual customer growth, which continues to benefit both customers and investors. A great illustration of this continued growth can be found in the impressive job creation we've observed in Houston over the last year.
 According to the U.S. Department of Labor, the Houston Metro area added the second most jobs in the entire U.S. from February of last year to February 2024. Weather and usage were $0.02 favorable when compared to the same quarter of 2023. And despite the mild weather, the $0.02 favorable variance was largely driven by more favorable weather when compared to an extremely mild Q1 of 2023, partially offsetting the favorable items from rate recovery and usage were increases in O&M and interest expense.
 O&M was $0.02 unfavorable for the first quarter. This unfavorable variance was driven by additional work pulled forward in the first quarter of this year as well as storm response recovery efforts. However, we remain on track to achieve our target of reducing O&M 1% to 2% per year on average through 2030. Interest expense was $0.04 unfavorable, primarily driven by the new debt issuances since the first quarter of last year at a higher relative cost of debt. However, the impact of this increase was partially offset by the redemption of all outstanding shares of the Series A preferred for $800 million last September which eliminated the approximately $12 million quarterly dividend. I'll discuss our long-term financing plan and balance sheet in greater detail later.
 Next, I'll touch on our capital execution thus far in 2024 and the state of our 10-year capital plan target, which you can see here on Slide 7. In short, we are right on plan. The first quarter of 2024 represented yet another quarter of solid capital investment execution as we invested $800 million for the benefit of our customers and communities. This represents a little over 20% of our 2024 capital expenditure target of $3.7 billion.
 Our approach to incorporating customer-driven capital has resulted in a capital investment plan of $44.5 billion and potentially more, which represents an increase of over 10% since our 2021 Analyst Day. This increased capital plan is expected to drive a nearly 10% rate base CAGR through 2030, which supports strong earnings growth through the remainder of the decade.
 We continue to estimate our growth in customer delivery charges at Houston Electric to be equal to or less than historical inflation rate of 2% through 2030 with this capital investment profile. We have confidence in our ability to achieve this, given the size of Houston Electric's customer base and the underlying tremendous organic growth, securitization charges that are rolling off the bill later this year, and our plan to reduce O&M as I referenced.
 In addition to enhancing the customer experience through our capital investments, we remain focused on affordability, both from an O&M and ongoing targeted capital perspective. A great illustration as to why we are confident that we can continue to prudently invest while keeping customer charges modest can be found by looking at our utility delivery charge increases over the last 10 years. Since 2014, Houston Electric's average monthly delivery charges have stayed essentially flat. That's a truly remarkable outcome for our customers. And as Jason mentioned, our capital has potential for further incremental revisions driven by our resiliency filing in Texas.
 The system resiliency plan filing could drive incremental customer-driven opportunities of up to $500 million at the high end range of our proposed investment. And I want to reiterate that over the past couple of years, we have been increasing our capital investment plan through 2030 as we identify incremental investment opportunities that we believe we can efficiently execute, finance and recover.
 Let's spend a moment on the potential for funding the incremental resiliency investment opportunities of approximately $500 million, which Jason mentioned. We are applying for various federal dollars through multiple avenues and have already applied for $100 million of [ grid ] applications through the Department of Energy Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnership funding opportunity, and that was submitted a little over a week ago. These funds, if approved, would primarily assist in providing a lower cost of borrowing for our resiliency initiatives around distribution circuit rebuilds and substation resiliency innovations.
 In addition, we will also seek other efficient funding opportunities through federal and state matching programs such as the DOE loan guarantee program. CenterPoint has 3 separate loan applications working through the process in various stages for over $2 billion in aggregate. While these are loan dollars, not grant dollars, the relative cost savings versus traditional debt can be substantial, around 100 basis points, representing meaningful savings for customers.
 As Jason alluded to, we are actively pursuing these avenues of funding as we believe these are incredibly valuable initiatives for customers. To the extent that we are not successful, our consistent growth capital investment rule of thumb holds which is funding in line with our consolidated capital structure.
 Finally, to highlight the balance sheet and credit strength. As of the end of the first quarter, our calculated FFO to debt is 14.6%, based on our calculation aligning with Moody's methodology, as shown on Slide 20. On a full year 2024 basis, we still anticipate delivering on the 100 to 150 basis points cushion we continue to emphasize when applying Moody's methodology.
 As you can see on the slide, we've also included S&P's calculation on the slides this quarter and will continue to do so going forward. As the computations illustrate, we've adjusted our calculations for onetime items, mainly driven by Winter Storm Uri. We have had 2 years of onetime items related to the over $1 billion of extraordinary gas costs associated with that storm. We don't believe that this debt nor the eventual receipt of the proceeds and associated taxes were indicative of the fundamental credit health of the company and adjusted accordingly.
 For comparative purposes, you can see on the slide that we put our calculated 14% in the middle of the 18.5% FFO to debt that Moody's derived and the 11.2% calculation that S&P derived. To be clear, we see no need to change our current financing plans we shared with our rating agencies earlier this year to improve the outlook from S&P on our credit metrics.
 In addition, we've made good progress against the modest $250 million at the market or ATM equity program year-to-date. We have completed approximately 75% of our equity sales through today leaving only around an expected $60 million of equity remaining to be issued this year. As a reminder, we continue to have slightly elevated parent debt to total debt as we are continuing to carry over $400 million of debt at the parent to support what we believe is the proper capitalization of the CEHE [indiscernible] operating companies through rate cases. We plan to continue to carry that through the CEHE rate case supporting its approximately 45% equity layer today.
 On the solid footing of a strong first quarter, we continue to reaffirm our non-GAAP EPS target of 8% this year and the mid- to high end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. This growth is supported by differentiating factors that we enjoy, including consistent customer organic growth, which has averaged 2% per year over the last 30 years in the Houston area, Texas' pro-business environment which continues to attract new investment, especially in the Gulf Coast region. And lastly, our relentless focus on O&M discipline. We believe these factors will allow us to sustainably grow for years to come.
 The last thing I want to mention is that we are making good progress related to the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi Gas LDCs. We, along with the buyer, have now made all required regulatory filings including filings with the Louisiana and Mississippi Public Service Commission, and we look forward to working constructively with the commission to facilitate the approval proceedings.
 We still anticipate closing the sale late first quarter 2025 and is anticipated to result in after-tax cash proceeds of approximately $1 billion, which equates to an earnings multiple of nearly 32x 2023 earnings. This will be a terrific outcome for all stakeholders.
 With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason. 
Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. I look forward to continuing not only to execute on what I believe to be 1 of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry, but also enhancing it for the benefit of all of our stakeholders in both the near and long term. 
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Jason. Operator, we're now ready for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Konstantin Lednev: It's actually Constantine on for Shahriar. Appreciate the updates on the call today, especially with the resiliency filing, and I see that it was largely embedded in the 4Q update. But as we think about the $500 million upside, just how are you thinking about in terms of accretion versus the 10% rate base growth? And maybe any specific thresholds or incremental -- on the incremental updates on CapEx? And how are you kind of planning to announce any kind of financing optimization there? 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Constantine. Pretty comprehensive question there. Let me kind of start at the highest level. And I think there's 3 main points to this CapEx update. The first is we've got a great base plan, 10% rate base growth through the end of the decade. And the second point I'd make is we've been spending significantly on resiliency because it's the right thing to do for our customers and case in point. We've increased our CapEx plans over 10% since our 2021 Analyst Day. That was largely [indiscernible] increased resiliency efforts.
 And so this is -- again spend that has been already incorporated in this plan. And then importantly, I do think third, we have a significant amount of opportunities in front of us. Those take the form of continued resiliency investment, particularly on the distribution side, one of the things that I'm probably most excited about is the industrial electrification opportunity that we have here, particularly in the greater Houston area.
 Just as one quick example, there's about 10 gigawatts of hydrogen production in development to come online before 2030. That hydrogen production requires significant increases in electric transmission capacity, substation capacity, also carries with it significant jobs, which will help continue to drive residential loan growth. On the gas side of things, we continue to see significant opportunities for incremental CapEx, particularly around maybe local gas transmission pipeline capacity in the Greater Houston area.
 We're one of the few gas LDCs in the country that don't have localized gas transmission capacity, and I think it can help our customers help mitigate the cost and severe weather events. And so the short of it is we've got a great base plan. We've been spending on resiliency, and we have significant increases in CapEx still in front of us.
 In terms of being accretive to the plan, we wouldn't spend it if it wasn't the right thing to do for customers, if it wasn't the right thing to do for shareholders, for all of our stakeholders. I think we've developed a track record of executing upon that.
 In terms of financing, maybe I'll turn it over to Chris to share some thoughts about funding any incremental CapEx from this point forward. 
Christopher Foster: Sure. Happy to hit it, morning, Constantine. I think if you look at the larger incremental potential CapEx that Jason was just referencing, you should think about it as just the prior approach that we've referenced, which is continuing to incorporate that into our capital plan as we can execute it, finance it and recover it and the way in which we would do it would largely be to fund it in line with our enterprise cap structure. 
 As you look specifically at the roughly $500 million opportunity we referenced this morning around the resiliency filing, we did reference that we're going to go after some potential both federal and state-based loan and cost matching programs. But to the extent that we're not successful on those, again, the simple way to think about it is we'd be funding in line with the enterprise capital structure. 
Konstantin Lednev: I appreciate that. And maybe a quick follow-up on that. You kind of highlighted the path on credit metrics and how are you thinking about options of refinancing needs on both floating rate exposure and kind of near-term maturities? And is there any optimization opportunities there with convertibles, hybrids, any of these kind of federal loan programs to supplement? 
Christopher Foster: Sure. Happy to touch on it. And I have to say, we're pleased with where we are today, reported 14.6% in terms of FFO to debt based on the Moody's calc and consistently are seeing as we go forward, a good trajectory, both on the Moody's and S&P calculation.
 As we think about the different financing alternatives, it is certainly the case that we are already pursuing some DOE loan program dollars to the tune of just over $2 billion already. So those have already been filed. Really, that's just a cheaper alternative for better financing costs for customers. As we look at the financing plan throughout the year, certainly, we've got a few maturities here that are coming up. We've hedged against a portion of the current offering that's probably closer here in front of us at the parent level.
 And then as you look at hybrid alternatives, I think you referenced there, that's certainly something that we're evaluating, you should assume. We kind of like the profile there, but we are looking really at a couple of alternatives, both for some tax alternatives this year and some hybrid opportunities if they make sense. And it's just my way of saying, Constantine, that we're always going to be pursuing the most efficient financing we can as we go forward. 
Konstantin Lednev: Okay. So everything is on the table. And just a quick one on Jason's comments around demand growth that you mentioned and cost shift has kind of become more of a prominent issue with the inflection and load that we are seeing. Do you see any issues in Texas or even Indiana, where you would need to adjust kind of cost allocation? And would those be addressed in the current rate case process or any kind of separate proceedings? 
Jason Wells: Constantine, I think it's a great question. Probably less kind of an issue directly in the service territories that we serve largely because the growth that we're seeing, both the potential for it up in Southwest Indiana as well as here in the Greater Houston area really driven by industrial load growth that comes with significant jobs.
 Much of the discussion over the last couple of quarters has been around data centers, AI growth, that's some of the toughest electric load growth to serve, right? Low margin doesn't necessarily come with the jobs and so it does put to your point, sort of pressure more largely on cost allocation. I think here, again, we're -- I think it's a clear differentiator for CenterPoint. We serve load that is not only growing from a residential standpoint and an industrial standpoint, but it keeps that cost allocation issue sort of less -- less impactful than maybe some of the peers that have data center growth really driving their electric sales. 
Operator: The next question will come from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets. 
James Thalacker: I just wanted to follow up on Constantine's question on the system resiliency filing. The plan is $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion, which I think is roughly almost double to $1.3 billion we've been standing over the last couple of years. But if I heard you correctly, the $500 million of incremental capital is kind of in line with the higher end of the filing. So if we kind of run this forward, if the PUCT ultimately decides to approve a spending that's, say, near the bottom this or even below the range, could you talk a little bit about where you see other investment opportunities and how would this change your financing plan, if at all? 
Jason Wells: Yes. Maybe a couple of quick points on that, Jim. So the 2.2%, the low end of the range is consistent with $44.5 billion, the upper end of the resiliency filing that incremental $500 million would put us to $45 billion overall through 2030. Look, I think that there is pretty strong alignment across the state here in Texas around investments to keep the great resilience and can help the economic growth that we're experiencing in Texas. 
 I also think what's important part of this filing, and what it may be different than some of the historical resiliency spend is -- as part of the filing, we have to prove the benefits of the incremental resiliency mitigation measures exceed the cost. So part of this filing really demonstrates that on a net basis is still in the customer's best interest for us to make these investments. And so I feel like there's going to be a strong support for our filing and the other filings of the transmission and distribution utilities. 
 That being said, to your point, if there is concern around the proposed mitigation measures that we have in our filing, as a quick reminder, this is about 15% of our total CapEx plan. And as I alluded to in my answer to Constantine, I think we have plenty of incremental CapEx opportunities outside of this whether they be on the gas side of the business, I talked about local transmission pipeline there, potential to accelerate our next-generation smart meter deployment and then on the electric side, I just -- I cannot reiterate enough the opportunity with this exponential load growth driven by industrial electrification and electrification of commercial fleets. So I think that there are an abundant set of opportunities of incremental CapEx.
 And I don't know, Chris, if you want to continue to reinforce thoughts on the financing plan. 
Christopher Foster: And sure, just to build on that, again, as we look at the base plan at the low end of the resiliency filing, that would just support the $44.5 billion with the ongoing very modest ATM program that we've got through 2030. And again, as we look beyond that for some of these incremental opportunities, it really would be funny in line with the existing cap structure. 
Operator: The next question will come from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: Just on the Indiana update that you mentioned on the settlement or get delay in the hearing. Just maybe a little more color on how long it's delayed and just likelihood of an agreement? 
Jason Wells: Steve, thanks for the question. We pushed the start of the hearing by day as we continue to explore the potential here for settlement. It's hard to handicap kind of expectations. I think we're working hard with stakeholders to find what we believe would be a constructive path forward.
 As a quick reminder in this case, a lot of the CapEx that's included in the Indiana electric filing has been in front of the IURC and our stakeholders in previous forums, whether that's the cost of the coal transition or the transmission and distribution investments that we are making to improve reliability and resiliency in that area. And so a lot of the issues of the case have kind of been seen by stakeholders in a number of different forms. And so we continue to try to work constructively towards the settlement, and we'll update you as we have more information. 
Steven Fleishman: Great. And then just on the kind of S&P negative outlook, I just want to clarify. Just -- is your -- I mean, I think these things usually take like a year or so to go through. But just are you -- your intention is just these metrics will get better just as the Uri impact goes away and that should be sufficient -- to meet the targets there? Is that how to think about it? 
Christopher Foster: Steve, that's accurate. Really, what S&P was looking at was the past, right? As they evaluated and arrived at that outcome. Our general assumption, it is that roughly year-long period. And as we look at the plan going forward, as we look over the next few years, you'll see naturally that Uri impact roll off and we'll see ourselves really as we see just in 2024, looking at the year, you're going to see us at Moody's, continuing to target that 100 to 150 basis points cushion, that won't change. And additionally, you're going to see us grow into a greater cushion at S&P as we walk into the subsequent year. So comfortable with the base financial plan and what it informed for the years ahead. 
Jason Wells: I think -- Steve, if I could add to that. Obviously, as Chris said, we're comfortable. But I think it's important just to highlight the core difference in methodology here because it is transitory in nature. The way that issue I'd add is we've received securitization proceeds from [indiscernible] significant cash inflow. We have to pay taxes on that, cash outflow. S&P's methodology excludes that significant inflow but includes the associated cash outflow, right? That's sort of a transitory effect. And as Chris said, as we look forward, we feel comfortable about the trajectory that we're on. And so just a very sort of idiosycratic impact from their calculation. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then last question, just on Texas, and I know you kind of answered this, and the hydrogen hub sounds exciting. That just feels like that just takes time, but there's just so many other dynamic economic things, whether it's data centers or other industrial. Just could you just give maybe a little more flavor on CenterPoint's ability to get to opportunity set related to the growth in Texas? 
Christopher Foster: Yes. Thanks, Steve. What I would say is, I don't think you can find a more dynamic setting anywhere in the country, particularly on electric sales growth and you can't hear. Residential load growth continues to be best-in-class, right? We continue to see the industrial load growth that I mentioned, transportation, electric load growth. And I think that's really reflective in our sales numbers for the first quarter. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, when we adjust for weather, sales are up 8% over the first quarter last year, driven by strong residential, commercial and large industrial growth. There's electrification at one of our nation's largest ports here in Houston. We continue to see incremental growth in the petrochem complex will becoming one of the dominant areas in the country for life sciences. 
 And so what I would say is basically the growth that you see in any one sector, including data centers around the country, we see it in all the sectors here in the Greater Houston area. And so I see it showing up in the numbers this quarter, and I see it driving continued growth at least through the remainder of the decade, if not well beyond. 
Operator: The next question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays. 
Nicholas Campanella: A lot of things have been answered. But I guess, just on your comments about kind of pursuing state and federal incentives for this plan, it sounds like some of this is grant, but some of it's also DOE loans. But -- can you just kind of talk -- I think it's very helpful from a financing benefit and from a customer affordability benefit. But how do we kind of think about the contribution from EPS if you were to kind of pursue state programs rather than kind of traditional financing? 
Christopher Foster: I think about it, is just to be clear, very small, right? We're really talking about component here, where we're looking at the federal program from the loan standpoint, as you mentioned, as well as the specificity that we provided around the GRIP program that's there, which has already been filed. We've also got some Texas Department of Energy -- excuse me, emergency management funds that we've also asked for on the state level. Those would be in the form of grants, again, just a situation where we can get better outcomes in total for customers. 
 I don't know, Jason, if you want to give kind of color on high level how it informs the EPS guide? 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Chris. What we've consistently said, Nick, is that we'll come back after these rate cases next year and provide a new 10-year plan well into the mid-2030s to reflect in our continued confidence on long-term growth. What I want to highlight, though, are there's been a handful of things that we've been able to accomplish since we rolled out that guidance, the long-term EPS guidance, which is again, 8% growth here in 2024 and then the mid- to high end of the 6% to 8% range through 2030. 
 And what I would say is we certainly have more tailwinds than we have headwinds. From a tailwind standpoint, we had some success in the legislative session helping reduce some regulatory lag in key jurisdictions. As I mentioned previously, we've increased CapEx since we've issued that guidance by more than 10%. The third thing that I'd point to is last quarter when we announced the sale of Louisiana, Mississippi and the recycling of that capital that's moving what is nearly $800 million of rate base and $1 billion of CapEx into jurisdictions that earn a higher return.
 I'd be remiss to say that obviously, interest rates are a little higher, and we've announced a modest equity program. But -- but suffice it to say, the tailwinds here exceed the headwinds. And as we get to the other side of these rate cases, we'll be in a better position to give a kind of a long-term comprehensive update to the earnings guidance for the company. 
Nicholas Campanella: That's great. And I guess just kind of a follow-up on high grading the plan here. You mentioned in your prepared remarks, the higher for longer interest rate environment. And expectations, I think, across the market have certainly changed from January to today on the trajectory of rates. Can you just kind of remind us on -- not necessarily what you're assuming, if you don't want to comment, but just how the plan is kind of provisioned into the back half of this year and then going forward, if we do kind of continue to be higher for longer here? 
Christopher Foster: Sure thing, Nick. I'll just say, as we are building the plan heading into 2023. I don't know that any of us really could have appropriately predicted the impact there, but I think you saw the company execute well and overcome that pressure. As we look into 2024 walking into the year, we definitely plan conservatively there. And it's hard for me to be too specific, but just know that if you look across our plant, I hope that you've seen we're consistently bringing forward conservatism so that there are no surprises in the end. 
 I think it's the same thing on our capital programs, right? As we folded in CapEx over time, we're making sure we're doing so conservatively as we see the opportunity to execute it, to finance it and recover it. So it really holds on the same side in terms of higher for longer. We walked into this year, assuming this was going to be the case. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan Securities. 
Jeremy Tonet: Just wondering, going back to the SRP here, if you could frame overall wildfire mitigation needs relative to the $140 million in the SRP filing. And looking more broadly, how might SRP capital competition evolve over time from this first application? And what does the SRP investment runway look like at this point? 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks for the comprehensive question. Look, from a wildfire standpoint, as you highlighted, $140 million is in a significant driver of the overall $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion plan. I think it's important to understand why 60% of our system is currently underground. Jeremy, as I know you know, we have high relative humidity here. So all things being equal, we have significantly lower cloud buyer risk than our peers. That being said, obviously, we haven't sat on our hands. We've been addressing this risk with changes in operations, shutting of automatic or closers, enhanced inspections during periods of higher wildfire rigs. But this plan basically addresses about 1% of overhead miles that are in higher fire risk areas. And so this is probably under the current set of conditions sufficient to mitigate our wildfire risk. 
 Now obviously, we're going to continue to look at weather patterns, trap patterns to see how that evolves over time. But I don't really see the wildfire litigation being a significant long-term driver of CapEx, where I do see further opportunity beyond this plan is really on the distribution side. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have been really focused on hardening the backbone of our system, the electric transmission and the substation flood control efforts.
 We will largely be through those programs by the end of this first cycle. And so the real opportunities, as I mentioned, is on the distribution side going forward and really creating a more resilient, reliable overhead electric system for our customers. 
 So more to come on that front. We're happy to make this first filing, and I see the opportunity for continued CapEx growth as we make subsequent filings in the future. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Makes sense. If there's one thing we know, it's that Houston is humid, I'll leave it there. 
Jackie Richert: Operator, I think we have time for one more question, please. 
Operator: And the last question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. 
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate it. I'll ask 2 very quick questions, and I'll ask them together. Just first, can you help us sort of pan out a time line for the resiliency plan approval, what to look for there? And then second, Jason, in your comments, you mentioned regulatory lag as a tailwind opportunity. Can you just quickly remind us what your earned regulated ROEs are as of the end of the first quarter? 
Christopher Foster: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh, for the questions. On the first side, the time line for approval of the resiliency plan, I think the legislation call it for about a 6-month approval period. What I will say is this is first of its kind legislation. So we'll have to kind of get in the middle but I'm sure there will be a number of parties sort of intervening, but I would look towards the tail end of this year, calendar year, to get a final decision on the resiliency plan that we file.
 On the question on regulatory lag, we've historically seen particularly here in the Texas business, about 150 basis points on average regulatory lag. And what I would say is we sort of meaningfully reduce that amount but it's an odd time to really be calculating kind of what regulatory lag is at the end of the first quarter just because we're in the middle of our rate case filing. And as a result, we don't have access to the full complement of capital recovery mechanisms that we will have sort of on the other side of this rate case. And so just know that we've taken steps to begin to reduce that historical regulatory lag, and I think we'll be in place that gives sort of a more normalized view of that on the other side of the rate case. 
Jackie Richert: Okay. Operator, with that, that concludes our call for the quarter. Thanks, everyone, for joining. 
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-20 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice-President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert, please go ahead.
Jackie Richert: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Jason Wells, our CEO, and Chris Foster, our CFO, will discuss the company's fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information, and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements, are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based on various factors, as noted in our Form 10-K, other SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise, or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis, referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology, and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release, and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay, can be found on our website. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Jason
Jason Wells: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning everyone. Before I get into the quarter, and the annual results for the first time as CEO, I want to take a moment to thank the Board once again, for entrusting me to lead this great company, into its next chapter. I'm privileged to work with an amazing team, and I couldn't be prouder of how we closed out 2023, and how we're off to an already strong start in 2024. On this morning's call, I'm excited to cover four key topics, before turning it over to Chris, to cover our financial results in more detail. First, I want to discuss my continued commitment, to our strategic objectives, as I have now stepped into this new role. Second, I'll briefly summarize the financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023. Third, I'll discuss the rationale for the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi gas LDCs that, we announced this morning and provide an update, on our long-term capital investment plan. Finally, I'll conclude with an update, on where we stand, with respect to our regulatory calendar. I'm fortunate to step into this role, at a time when CenterPoint is undoubtedly, better positioned than it was, when we held our Analyst Day in 2021. In my time here, I've clearly articulated that, I believe we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. My focus will be continuing, our established track record, of consistently executing this plan and thoughtfully enhancing it, for the benefit of all of our stakeholders. At our 2021 Analyst Day, we put forth a premium value proposition, underpinned by our strategic objectives, which included, delivering consistent and sustainable non-GAAP EPS, and dividend per share growth to our investors, investing in customer-driven capital in our core regulated utility businesses, driving industry-leading rate-based growth, providing affordable service, to our customers through O&M discipline, and maintaining a strong balance sheet, while efficiently funding our capital investments. I want to reiterate my commitment to these strategic objectives and discuss each in more detail. First, looking at delivering consistent and sustainable growth, for our stakeholders. Looking over the last three years, we have demonstrated that not only do we have a great plan in, which we have targeted 8% non-GAAP EPS growth each year, but we also have the ability to execute above expectations. This execution, resulted in us achieving, 9% non-GAAP EPS CAGR over that period, which is top decile in the sector. In addition to growing non-GAAP EPS, we also grew our dividend in line with earnings, leading to one of the highest dividend growth rates in the sector, over that same period of time. To expand on a point I made last quarter, I'm excited about the company's great future, as we continue to be laser-focused, on providing outstanding service, to our customers and communities, and executing consistently, to deliver enhanced stakeholder value. We are collectively focused on, continuously improving service levels, while maintaining customer affordability, by utilizing a lean mindset throughout the organization. Now turning to investing in customer-driven capital, in our regulated businesses. Supporting our strong financial results, is a capital investment plan and resulting rate-based growth that, is among the highest in the sector. At our 2021 Analyst Day, we outlined a $40 billion plus capital investment plan that, translated to an approximately 9% rate-based growth, through 2030. Today, we're once again announcing a capital increase, supported by customer-driven capital investments to $44.5 billion, a nearly 11% increase since the 2021 Analyst Day. This revised capital investment plan, now supports a 10% rate-based growth CAGR, through 2030, which is again one of the highest in the industry. This strong growth will continue to serve, as a solid foundation, for our long-term non-GAAP EPS growth targets. In addition to effectively executing on our capital plan, we also strive to provide affordable service to our customers. We continue to be mindful of the impact of our investments on our customer bills. For this reason, we remain focused on our target of reducing O&M 1% to 2% per year on average through 2030. Our relentless attention to this area has resulted in an average annual reduction of 2% over the last three years. The high end of our target range, despite reinvesting additional savings back into the business, for the benefit of our customers. One of the other targets we put forth in our 2021 Analyst Day, dovetails with our O&M reduction targets. As we target our Net Zero goal for Scope 1 and Scope two emissions by 2035, we are retiring generation from less efficient fuel sources, which translates into a customer savings over the long-term. Finally, turning our focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, and efficiently financing our customer-driven investments. At our 2021 Analyst Day, we targeted funding our 10-year capital investment plan, through 2030, without reliance on external equity issuances.10-year capital investment plan through 2030 without reliance on external equity issuances. We evolved that message last quarter, with the introduction of a modest ATM program, to support growth capital investment opportunities in 2024. And today, we're continuing that efficient financing evolution, with our strategic transaction we announced this morning. The transaction, which I'll discuss in more detail, will be the fourth, we have pursued to recycle capital, and reinvest transaction proceeds back into our regulated operations, for the benefit of all stakeholders. In addition, as we have incremental financing needs outside of our growth capital investment plans, we're also extending the need, for $250 million per year of equity, or equity-like funding through 2030. Chris will provide further color, regarding our ongoing financing of our business. Moving to my second key topic, I'll briefly cover the fourth quarter and full year 2023 results. This morning, we announced non-GAAP EPS, of $0.32 for the quarter, and full year 2023, non-GAAP EPS, of $1.50. Again, these full year results translate to 9% non-GAAP EPS growth, from prior year actual results, for what is now the third consecutive year. Most importantly, we have rebased our long-term growth targets off, these higher earnings levels each year. Consistent with this practice, we are reaffirming our 2024, non-GAAP EPS guidance range, of $1.61 to $1.63, which would equate, to an 8% growth rate at the midpoint, from our higher base of $1.50. Beyond 2024, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS, at the mid to high-end of the 6% to 8% range annually, through 2030, and continuing to grow dividends per share, in line with earnings growth. Chris will provide additional details, regarding our financial results, and earnings guidance later. Now I want to discuss, the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi gas LDCs we announced this morning. We anticipate closing the sale in late first quarter of next year, and it is anticipated to result, in after-tax cash proceeds, of approximately $1 billion, which equates to an earnings multiple of approximately 32 times 2023 earnings. This is a terrific outcome, for all stakeholders. Again, following the execution of this transaction, we will mark our fourth time, over the last few years in, which we have recycled transaction sales proceeds, to efficiently fund our industry-leading growth plan. Although the transaction is a great outcome, it is always hard to part, with a great team as well as great assets. Louisiana and Mississippi are incredible jurisdictions, and we have been privileged, to serve those communities over the years. I want to share color around the decision, to sell these gas LDCs, which was driven principally by three reasons. First, the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas LDCs, will allow us to efficiently recycle, the roughly $1 billion in anticipated after-tax cash proceeds, to support our continued capital investment programs. The valuation of about 32 times 2023 earnings, is approximately 75% more cost-effective, than issue in our own common stock, to support our industry-leading rate-based growth, and to maintain the strength of our balance sheet. The valuation also illustrates that, even in a much different cost of capital environment, than our last LDC sale, there continues to be a strong market demand for gas LDCs, particularly for those in high-growth and constructive jurisdictions. Second, we anticipate that the sale of these gas LDCs, will allow us to reprioritize approximately $1 billion, of capital expenditures, to support other jurisdictions. The added benefit of this reallocation of $1 billion of capital investment, is that we expect that we will be able to deploy much of it, in jurisdictions with less regulatory lag, therefore enhancing, the ongoing earnings power of the company. Third, as we work to optimize our portfolio, it made sense for us to focus our time and resources, in jurisdictions where we have both gas and electric service, or where we have a larger presence. This transaction will help support our non-GAAP annual EPS growth target, of 8% in 2024, and at the mid to high-end, of our 6% to 8% non-GAAP EPS growth range, through 2030, while also helping maintain the strength of our balance sheet. Now shifting to how this transaction fits within the broader context of our now $44.5 billion capital investment plan. Today, we're announcing that once again, we have positively revised our capital investment plan, by an increase of $600 million to $44.5 billion, through 2030. $100 million of this increase was already deployed in the fourth quarter of this year, which brought the total capital investments in 2023, to $4.3 billion for the benefit of our customers. This represents a nearly 20% increase over the $3.6 billion we originally guided to at the beginning of 2023. We made the decision, to increase the amount of planned work, on our systems principally related to critical investments, to improve resiliency and reliability in our Houston Electric Service Territory. We did this knowing, we would be able to efficiently fund these investments, once the announced sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi gas LDCs closed. The added benefit of this increased capital spend, is that it will also help offset the loss of approximately $800 million of rate base that, we have invested in those states today. Today's capital increase, will be focused on investments in system resiliency at Houston Electric, in response to the resiliency bill that was enacted in 2023, by the Texas Legislature, as well as targeted investments in our gas businesses. These resiliency investments at Houston Electric will support the prioritizing of operational programs that modernize, harden, and enhance the resiliency and reliability, of our transmission and distribution system, such as asset hardening, distribution automation devices, and substation flood mitigation. We look forward to filing our multi-year resiliency plan, likely early in the second quarter of this year, and sharing further details, on our next earnings call. Before I move on from this capital investment conversation, I want to make a few comments, around our modest pivot, and our long-term financing plans moving forward, which Chris will cover in more detail momentarily. In addition to the efficient recycling, of strategic transaction proceeds I described earlier, we are also planning, to incorporate approximately $250 million of annual equity, or equity-like funding needs, into our long-term financing plans moving forward. This is to allow us to continue to fund our growing capital plans, maintain the strength of our balance sheet, and address incremental annual cash needs that, Chris will describe shortly. Lastly, before turning it over to Chris, I want to provide some color on our rate cases, and put into context what, is a relatively busy regulatory calendar.  I think it's important to remember the place where we start from. That although greater than 80%, of total enterprise rate base, is located in jurisdictions, where we are anticipated to have rate cases in the next 12 months, we are uniquely positioned, and that most of these investments, have already been through some regulatory review. As we've stated previously, over 80% of our capital expenditures, are recovered through interim trackers, and as such are already in rates. This is a key differentiator from rate cases in other jurisdictions. Now turning to our largest jurisdiction, Houston Electric. On our previous call, we indicated that, we had requested an extension to file our Houston Electric rate case, from March 9 to the second quarter of this year. However, in the January PUCT open meeting, the Commission decided to stay with the original March 9, 2024 deadline, as ordered in the last rate case. While we preferred the extended filing date, that was supported by all parties in the case, we will be prepared to file the case in early March and anticipate a relatively flat revenue requirement increase. At the same January open meeting, the PUCT finalized its rulemaking for House Bill 2555, better known as the Resiliency Bill. As you may recall from our previous earnings call, the Resiliency Bill allows Texas TDUs, to file a multi-year resiliency plan that would allow, for the recovery of certain costs, through riders or regulatory assets. For Houston Electric, these investments are expected to include investments in upgrading distribution lines, building new and upgrading older substations, and upgrading our transmission system. These upgrades should help support fewer and shorter unplanned outages, faster restoration response time, and greater accuracy, with respect to our restoration times. Additionally, the rulemaking in its final form allows, for deferral of certain costs, such as depreciation and a return on our cost of capital, associated with distribution investments and resiliency, between the time the assets are placed in service, and when rates are updated for those investments. This final rule, is beneficial in reducing regulatory lag, on these critical investments. We initially indicated that we would make our filing, towards the end of the first quarter. However, as the final rulemaking was slightly delayed, our filing will likely be submitted, early in the second quarter. Now I'll highlight, our three recently filed rate cases. In our other electric jurisdiction in Indiana, we filed a rate case in the first week of December, with a requested revenue requirement increase of approximately $119 million distributed over the next three years. Much of this requested revenue requirement increase, is associated with our investments in connection, with a generation transition plan, as we move away from coal to a more efficient and cost-effective fuel types such as renewables and natural gas. As a reminder, we plan to fully exit operating coal generation by the end of 2027. These investments are a continuation of our prudent investing in Indiana as we strive to also keep customer bills affordable. In fact, since rates went into effect from our last rate case in 2009, customer charges have increased at a compounded annual growth rate of 0.5%, well below our peers in the state, which range between 1.7% and 4.7% over that same period of time. Absent a settlement, we expect a final decision in this case in Q4 of this year. Moving on to Texas Gas. We filed our Texas Gas rate case towards the end of October with a requested revenue requirement increase of approximately $37 million. As a reminder, we combined all four of our Texas jurisdictions into a single rate case filing. This combined filing should not only result in a reduced number of filings on a go-forward basis. But in the near term, it should also result in declining bills from many of our customers, specifically those located in more rural areas. We have a third settlement conference later this month, and we look forward to continuing to work towards a constructive resolution of this case. Absent the settlement, we expect a final decision in the middle of the year. Finally, turning to our Minnesota gas business. We filed our rate case on November 1 with the requested revenue increases of approximately $85 million and $52 million for 2024 and 2025, respectively. Interim rates for 2024 were approved in mid-December and went into effect on January 1. The commission will consider interim rates for 2025 towards the end of this year if we have not settled the case before then. This is the first time we have filed a multiyear rate case in Minnesota with the goal of providing smoother revenue increases for the benefit of our customers in the future. The majority of the requested revenue requirement increase could be attributed to the fundamental safety programs we operate as well as some of the projects which we filed for under the Natural Gas Innovation Act. Lastly, I want to mention that we have one other rate case we will be filing in 2024 in our Ohio Gas business. We anticipate filing this rate case midyear, and we'll provide more details as we get closer to the filing. We look forward to working with all of our stakeholders to reach constructive resolutions to all of our rate cases. We believe we are well positioned in all of our cases as we've made prudent investments for our customers and we've made concerted efforts to reduce controllable O&M for the benefit of our customers. I realize that is a lot of information. But given the relevance of the rate cases to all stakeholder groups and our intense focus on successfully executing this activity, I believe it's important to cover it and some depth with you. Those are all of my updates for now with a strong foundation of a simple, focused plan to drive value for all stakeholders. 2023 was another great year here at CenterPoint as we continue a long track record of consistent execution. I am confident in our path forward as we reaffirm our commitment to our proven strategy into our long-term non-GAAP EPS growth guidance target of 8% in 2024 and at the mid- to high end of our 6% to 8% non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2025 through 2030. I want to thank all of our employees, but especially those on the front lines as they worked hard to provide service to our customers even as we faced a historically hot summer in our Houston Electric service territory, damaging severe storms in Indiana and extreme cold throughout our service territories this winter. 2024 will no doubt bring its own unique challenges, but I am confident we have the right team in place here to manage through them. With that, I'll hand it over to Chris for his financial update.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Jason. I want to echo Jason's sentiments regarding the team's performance this year, seeing them go above and beyond to deliver for our customers, even in some of the most challenging situations. Their dedication and focus have certainly contributed to our delivery of financial results and operational performance outcomes that improve the customer experience. Today, I'll cover four areas of focus. First, the details of our fourth quarter and annual results. Second, I'll provide additional color around our thoughts regarding the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi LDCs. Third, an update regarding our positively revised capital plan. And lastly, an update of where we stand with our balance sheet and credit metrics. Let's start with the financial results on Slide 8. As Jason highlighted earlier, Q4 and full year 2023 with another strong year of financial performance here at CenterPoint. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.30 for the fourth quarter of 2023. As previously noted, our non-GAAP EPS results for the fourth quarter removed the results of our net invested nonregulated business, Energy Systems Group. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.32 for the fourth quarter of 2023 and compared to $0.28 in the fourth quarter of 2022. With this latest quarter of strong financial performance, we are right at the midpoint of our upperly revised non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.50 for the year. Taking a closer look at the quarter, growth and rate recovery contributed $0.05, which was driven by the ongoing recovery from various interim mechanisms for which customer rates were updated earlier in the year such as the transmission tracker or TCOS at Houston Electric, the DCRF, for which rates were updated in September and the Texas Gas Grips. In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% average annual customer growth, which continues to benefit both customers and investors. Weather and usage were $0.01 unfavorable when compared to the same quarter of 2022, primarily driven by the milder winter weather experienced in both our Houston Electric and Indiana Electric service territories. O&M was $0.01 unfavorable for the fourth quarter and $0.01 favorable for the full year 2023. The Q4 figure was primarily due to the increase in vegetation management, which began in Q3 and continued into Q4. We saw these expenditures as prudent given the heightened recent drought conditions and other targeted gas and electric projects that should help us improve safety and reliability for our customers. However, even in light of pulling forward O&M, we were still able to achieve a net annual savings. Lastly, I want to touch on a favorable onetime item related to an income tax benefit, which was recorded in the fourth quarter, which constitutes the majority of our other favorable drivers. Due to the number of divestitures over the last few years, our state income tax footprint has changed. This change in footprint has resulted in a reduced blended state income tax rate, and we now anticipate paying fewer state income to cash taxes on a go-forward basis. Under GAAP, this reduced blended tax rate necessitated the remeasurement of our deferred taxes, which resulted in the onetime income tax benefit. Additionally, the onetime earnings benefit represents future cash tax savings that will provide an additional source of future incremental cash flow to be invested back into our regulated businesses for the benefit of customers. Closing out the earnings drivers for the quarter, favorability from rate recovery and the income tax benefit was partially offset by a $0.05 increase in interest expense. The primary driver of this was the approximately $6 billion in debt issuances since Q4 of last year with higher coupon rates. However, the impact of this increase was partially offset by the redemption of the $800 million Series A preferred that occurred in September, which eliminated the approximately $12 million quarterly dividend. I'll discuss our long-term financing plan and balance sheet in greater detail shortly. Informing our plan was the transaction we announced this morning related to the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi natural gas LDCs. I'd like to take a bit of time to talk about our thinking here. We were focused on both efficient capital redeployment and investing thoughtfully to eliminate direct earnings implications from the loss on rate base. As you heard Jason mentioned earlier, we have signed an agreement to sell these quality LDCs, which is anticipated to result in after-tax cash proceeds of approximately $1 billion. This represents an earnings multiple of nearly 32x based on 2023 earnings. This is a tremendous outcome even when compared to the multiple at which trade today and one that demonstrates the continued market demand for gas LDCs. We assume the closing of this transaction will occur towards the end of the first quarter in 2025. These cash proceeds are expected to provide greater financing flexibility and efficiencies for our capital investments for both our gas and electric businesses throughout the remainder of the capital plan. I want to be clear that we do not see a change in our earnings guidance nor are we making a downward revision to our capital investment targets through 2030 as a result of this transaction. In fact, as I'll touch on more in a moment, we are increasing our 10-year capital plan target by $600 million in aggregate despite serving two fewer jurisdictions going forward. This brings our total capital target to $44.5 billion through 2030. Following on Jason's remarks, in 2023 alone, we invested $700 million above what we guided to at the beginning of the year. Much of this spend helped to backfill the rate base that would be lost in this transaction. This allowed us to make much-needed investments in ongoing projects in resiliency and reliability. And although we recognize this temporarily increased our reliance on the balance sheet in the interim, our investment also helped to synchronize capital deployment to prepare for this transaction. This spend supports a consistent ongoing commitment to and confidence in our earnings profile with no interruption expected to our long-term earnings targets. Moving on to capital investments. I'll now focus a bit on our capital execution in 2023 and the increase in our 10-year capital plan target shown here on Slide 9. The fourth quarter of 2023 represented yet another quarter of sound capital investment execution by the team here as we invested $900 million for the benefit of our customers and communities bringing our 2023 capital deployment total to $4.3 billion. Given the broader economic impacts our customers are experiencing, we continue to be focused on affordability from both an O&M and an ongoing targeted capital perspective. Even with the incremental capital investment, we continue to estimate our growth in customer delivery charges at Houston Electric to be equal to or less than the historic inflation rate of 2% through 2030. We have confidence in our ability to achieve this. Given the size of the Houston Electric customer base and its tremendous organic growth, securitization charges that are rolling off the bill later this year and our plan to reduce O&M as I referenced. Reducing O&M will continue to be a focus while we execute our core work plan to meet our customers' needs. As we look over the last three years, even with the opportunity to complete more maintenance work on the system, we have successfully reduced O&M at about 2% per year on average over that period, which is the high end of our target. And we are just getting started on using lean as a methodology throughout the organization, which we expect to help us continue to reduce O&M and enhance the effectiveness of the capital we deploy. But even in its early stages, we are already seeing results. One recent example that comes to mind comes from our electric business. Through a review of recent reliability outcomes and the associated processes, we identified an internal standard that generated multiple truck rolls to the same location for the same issue. This had nothing to do with the issue not being addressed and fixed after the first visit, but was an internal standard that was resulting in multiple truck rolls. The team is now implementing a modified standard that gives our frontline crews the ability to assess and address the work, mitigating additional truck rolls and providing a better customer experience. This is just a small but meaningful example of improving customer outcomes while also being more efficient in our O&M activities. We certainly appreciate the focus of our teams on the customer and doing the right work while also eliminating the rework along the way. Here on Slide 13, you can see the cumulative effect. This illustrates a rare attribute in our sector. The charges associated with the work we deliver on our customers' bills has stayed essentially flat over the last 10 years. We are proud and fortunate to serve a thriving community where we seek to thoughtfully invest in key infrastructure doing our part to enable the economic development of our region. As we look further out into the plan, I want to provide some additional insight into and address our evolving tax profile, to how we're thinking about the financing of our plan. First, the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi LDCs is expected to provide greater financing flexibility over the course of our plan as we look to deploy those proceeds as well as reallocate the capital previously associated with those businesses. We are also now assuming moderate pressure coming from evolving tax policy. In particular, this relates to the alternative minimum tax, or AMT, unlike many others in the sector, CenterPoint has historically been a cash taxpayer. On a prospective basis, given the current guidance, we now assume that our base case is that we are subject to AMT. However, as we look to the future, we anticipate a cash tax liability that will be partially offset by the credit generated from paying AMT, allowing us to monetize these payments. We expect this cash tax liability will largely be driven by our income tax liability generated from operations and the tax liability associated with the maturity of our ZENS instrument that matures in 2029. I would think of this as simply prepaying cash tax liabilities associated with our ZENS instrument. With respect to funding incremental capital, our funding strategy introduced last quarter remains unchanged. As we continue to identify and execute incremental capital, equity or equity-like funding would be required, and I'll reiterate that you should assume this equity funding should be in line with our consolidated capital structure. So as we look to fund the incremental $600 million announced today, of which $100 million was already deployed in 2023. That would imply that we expect to issue approximately $250 million of equity under our ATM program in 2025 in addition to the $250 million we plan to issue in 2024. To add color to what Jason touched on in his remarks, on a go-forward basis, we anticipate that these modest issuances of roughly $250 million will be programmatic through 2030 as we continue to fund what we anticipate will be expanding capital needs and satisfy our near-term minimum tax obligations. We will be in a better position to provide additional color around our future capital plan and the corresponding financing plan as we get to the other side of our rate case filings. Finally, to highlight the balance sheet and credit strength. As of the end of the year, calculated FFO to debt was 14% delivering the cushion we continue to emphasize. For two reasons I'll touch on, we may be in a transitory period for a few quarters, but continue to target FFO to debt through 2030 at our target range of 100 to 150 basis points of cushion to our downgrade threshold of 13%. We are continuing to carry over $400 million of debt at the parent, which was issued to fund our higher equity layer at both Houston Electric and Texas Gas. We believe these are the proper capitalization of these businesses, and we've reflected this in our Texas Gas rate case filing, and we'll do so as well in the CD rate case that we file here in the next few weeks. Additionally, as both Jason and I touched upon we performed much more work in 2023 than we had originally anticipated as we made much needed investments in resiliency and reliability, especially at Houston Electric. The combination of cap structure positioning and the incremental investments is temporarily elevating our debt on the balance sheet, which we felt comfortable with as we anticipate cash coming in the door from the sale of our Louisiana and Mississippi LDCs and the recovery of those investments. An area in which we've seen improvement is the continued reduction of our exposure to floating rate debt. We reduced floating rate debt to approximately $1.9 billion in 2023, which represents close to a nearly 60% reduction when compared to 2022. This includes the floating rate note of $350 million at 5.99%, which matures soon. We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet throughout this interest rate environment. We believe we have built in conservatism into our long-term plan and today shows another step in progressing that plan for customers, investors. Today's announcement and capital allocation focuses on planning for the long term into jurisdictions with solidly improving regulatory recovery and shared large growing customer bases. This only serves to strengthen an already great plan and execute even in the face of continued headwinds for the benefit of customers and investors. With three consecutive years of 9% growth behind us, we continue to reaffirm our non-GAAP EPS target of 8% this year and the mid- to high end of 6% to 8% thereafter through 2030. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. I look forward to leading this company for many years to come in executing what I believe to be one of the best, most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. I am confident in our team and the organization's continued improvement to enhance an already strong track record of delivering for all of our stakeholders.
Jackie Richert: Great. Thank you, Jason. Operator, we're now prepared to take Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell: Hi, good morning, team. A lot to unpack here. If I could just start, Jason, in your prepared remarks, I think you gave three points about the sale. And one of them, was about looking at states where you have combined electric and gas assets, or a larger presence. If I then connect that with Slide 16, I'd like to talk more about some of the other gas assets, where they're not overlapping, to the electric system. Is that also a potential use of proceeds going forward?
Jason Wells: Good morning, Anthony, I appreciate the question. Look, I think we've got a proven track record here where we look to fund our industry-leading growth plan, as efficiently as possible. This will be the fourth transaction, over the last three years doing that. As it relates to the remaining composition, after we closed the sale of we don't anticipate, we're really pleased, with the states we have the privilege to serve. I think we pointed out, we have a bias on a dual fuel basis, but we also have a bias where we have presence. And so, we're really happy with the remainder of the portfolio. I'll just say that, we'll continue to look, to fund this growth as efficiently as possible, as we've proven over the last few years.
Anthony Crowdell: And then my tax accounting skills are very weak, so I apologize. Should I think of the incremental $250 million a year, plus the proceeds you have, from this transaction coupled with, I think, the maturity of the ZENS in 2029 that your annual cash tax bill, will increase from now through the plan? Or does your cash tax bill, decrease and this additional CapEx - additional equity, or equity-like proceeds are more for CapEx?
Chris Foster: Sure. Anthony, good morning, it's Chris. I think the simple way to think about it, is we've consistently been a cash taxpayer for a number of years. The way, I would think about these kind of coming together, is you have then in 2029. But the interesting attribute of the corporate alt-min tax, is that it actually allows us, to reduce that exposure over time. And so as you look at the different pieces, you'll have the equity component today. You'll have the proceeds from the sale. And offsetting those would be the combination of the alt-min tax, at least at this point, forecasted impacts again because that's not finalized as well as the increased CapEx that we highlighted today.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a great quarter.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, thank you. And congrats on the sale announcement. And congrats on the sale announcement. So just a follow-up on the question on the taxes. Chris or Jason, do you have a sense of kind of roughly how much cash tax you'll be paying a year, let's say, '24, '25 or just something that we can use for that?
Chris Foster: Sure, Steve. Good morning. I'll just be rough here. It's roughly $150 million a year as we look at the period, from '24 really through 2030. If you just step back, maybe I could help paint the sources and uses for you, Steve, if that helps, just to hit it on the nose. You've got - at the highest order what we announced today, right, is you've got the fact that we've already invested in the capital, which we replaced the $700 million of rate base, associated with the gas LDCs. And we did that while maintaining, the FFO to debt cushion, and the earnings guidance unchanged. So as you look at the sources themselves. We've got from '25 to 2030, is the time period to think about. You've got $250 million per year, from the equity piece. You've got the - that gets you to $1.5 billion, then you've likely got the ATM issuance, or equity-like proceeds, right, which is what that comes from. And so ultimately, just to put that in perspective, at that amount of that equity, that's less than 15% of our market cap per year. And on the uses side, you've got roughly similar amount there, right? So similar - or just shy of about $1 billion through 2030 for the projected core alt-min tax impact, and then the incremental $500 million of growth CapEx that we talked about today. So that gives us a good amount of comfort that, we can really deliver the plan, for the long-term, fold in potentially some additional capital over time, and proactively position the balance sheet. And so, I think in the end, I think we all know that the alt-min tax piece isn't finalized yet. I think that's something that we're all watching. But this is just, the essence of us trying to plan conservatively going forward.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And just the - on the alt-min tax, is that mainly kind of we should watch the things we've been watching for the industry like the repair deduction, and things like that could affect, whether that ends up being what you're projecting or not?
Chris Foster: That's accurate, Steve. I would think about, depending on where the repairs piece lands that could actually lessen the impact here that we're talking about this morning related to the Corp alt-min tax.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then on the - I know, Jason, you went through all the rate cases. I appreciate that. Just be curious your thoughts on the new share of the Texas PUC?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Steve. We've got a long history of working with Chairman Gleeson [ph]. He stepped in the role of Executive Director, kind of after Winter Storm Uri, and we have tackled a number of issues here in Texas with him, particularly I think back to the last legislative session here this past year and the work that we did around cost of capital and cap structure from a legislative basis. But I think it's a real opportunity for us to continue, to leverage that relationship that we built. I was in Chairman Gleeson in December prior to the announcement, as I step in currently in this role. So, we'll maintain a really good relationship there. But I think Steve, stepping back, I want to provide a little bit of context, about how we're positioning these rate cases. I think what may be - maybe not understood as well, as possible is that last year, we increased revenues in our Houston Electric business, by about $300 million through settlements. And as we continue to look forward, we're anticipating a relatively flat revenue requirement request in this upcoming Houston Electric rate case, and we'll continue to work with parties constructively to resolve it. And so I think it's continuing, to maintain strong relationships with the commissioners, but equally continuing to work, constructively with all parties in the cases.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Constantine Lednev: Good morning team. It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on a great quarter and update.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Constantine thanks
Constantine Lednev: Just following up on the sale announcement. How are you thinking about the timing of reinvestments and use of proceeds as we just think about the potential accretion versus the plan? And do you anticipate this will create more investment capacity versus the 14% metric you highlighted for '23?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Constantine. I think what's important here is, we're working off our front foot. We - as we talked about, increased the 2023 CapEx spend, about $700 million, for critical investments for our customers. That is basically enabling us, to put those investments in rates, at the same time that we anticipate, closing on this sale in early 2025. So effectively, we've prefunded the loss of rate base. So, I think about these proceeds as effectively paying off what has been prefunded, enhancing the balance sheet, and putting us in a position, of continued strength moving forward.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. That makes sense. And do you have any thoughts on the cadence of future updates, especially as you look to optimize around Texas resiliency, just would you look at any kind of periodic updates, or what to expect?
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks for the question. As you - hopefully appreciate at this point. I think we're building a track record, of consistent update throughout the year. I don't think we're going to be the management team that, makes kind of annually for a cycle as we have news, we'll share it. And we're constantly looking at, enhancing the plan and have built that track record, of continues updates quarter-after-quarter. I think stepping back more broadly, though, I think as we get to the other side of these rate cases in '25. I look forward to hosting another Investor Day where - at that point, we will likely put forward, a new 10-year plan into the mid-2030s, just reflecting our long-term confidence in the growth that, we have here at CenterPoint. And so, expect periodic updates in between now and then. And then on the other side of these rate cases, a much more comprehensive update, underpinning the long-term growth that, we have in front of us.
Constantine Lednev: Wonderful. Looking forward to it. And maybe just one last cleanup question following-up on the regulatory side. Just any lessons learned in the active cases, especially as you're considering the Houston filing now in March? And any thoughts on settlement prospects or partial settlements of issues?
Jason Wells: A little fun fact on this Houston Electric rate case that, as we are putting the final touches on the filing, it will be the smallest revenue requirement increase requested in the history of CenterPoint, or its predecessor companies back to 1975. And so I think it's really, I think, reflective, of the hard work that we're doing to maintain affordable service, for our customers despite significant increases in improving system resiliency and reliability. So in that way, I hope we're putting forward. And I think we are, a very constructive revenue requirement increase. As I look forward in that procedural schedule, there's the possibility of potentially settling the Houston Electric rate case, sometime mid-summer, kind of in between intervenor testimony and hearings. But again, I think our focus is on filing a compelling case for all stakeholders, and then working constructively through that process.
Constantine Lednev: Excellent. That's very helpful. Thank you for taking the questions today. Take care, team.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Constantine.
Operator: One moment for the next question. The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi, guys. Good morning. Thanks for giving me time. Can I just quickly clarify, the rate base number on the two gas LDCs that were selling, is it $700 million or $800 million?
Jason Wells: It was roughly $800 million of rate base that we have invested in Louisiana and Mississippi. The $700 million is what we increased our capital expenditure plan in 2023, effectively prefunding, the anticipated rate base that will go, with that sale of Louisiana, Mississippi.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thanks so much. And then maybe just as we think about future capital raises, Jason and or Chris, what's the cadence of equity potential funding to equity in future capital raises here as we look to out years?
Chris Foster: Sure, Durgesh. And we're going to be consistent here with where we have been. And that is, as we look at the potential for incremental growth CapEx opportunities, you should think about the funding - funding them in line with our regulated cash structure. So again, just directionally, about 50-50 there. And again, as we look even just here in the Houston area, we continue to see really growth on all fronts. The residential side, including housing starts increasing year-over-year and then substantial opportunities, as it relates to the industrial side in particular, most recently, you probably had seen the Department of Energy identified a series of hydrogen hubs across the country. No surprise that one of those is here in Houston. And really what's compelling about it, is not only the opportunities that presents for economic growth for the communities and overall load growth. But the fact that it creates permanent jobs, right? To the tune of over 30,000 to 35,000 jobs is what they've identified there. So that's really the type of growth that, we're excited about there. And it could be hydrogen, it can be residential, it could be small and medium business. We're really just appreciative of the community that, we have the privilege to serve.
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate that color. Thank you very much. And I apologize, but just one last one. The $115 million a year in cash taxes, Chris, that you alluded to, was that incremental, or higher cash taxes payments versus your previous plan? Or is that inclusive of this whole new EMTs? Is that a total amount? Or is that just the incremental amount?
Chris Foster: I would think about that, Durgesh, as the incremental amount.
Jason Wells: Durgesh, just a little bit of color around this. As we've talked about CenterPoint historically been a federal cash taxpayer. The last couple of years, we talked about adopting the repairs tax and really minimizing that build right about the time that our cash taxes would be coming down is right about the time it will be subject to the mid tax. And so think about this as kind of incremental as we had worked down that federal cash tax payment position.
Durgesh Chopra: Right. Thanks so much. I appreciate the time again.
Jason Wells: Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our question. The next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on the strong quarter in the year.
Jason Wells: Thanks. Good morning, Sophie.
Sophie Karp: So can I ask you a question about the, I guess, the new filing on the new resiliency filing in Texas under the new law, right. So you already have most of your CapEx in Texas, recovered through contemporaneous mechanisms. So what kind of an impact, do you anticipate from, I guess, separating some part of your capital there, into this resiliency trackers potentially?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sophie. I wouldn't necessarily think about this resiliency filing is changing the mechanism of recovery. I think we'll continue to pursue constructive distribution and transmission capital trackers that we have currently. I think the real benefit, outside of really putting forward a three-year plan, we look at the cost-benefit analysis of these investments, to make sure that we're prudently investing on behalf of our customers. The real benefit financially, is that the distribution capital that, is subject to that approved three-year plan. Effectively, we will minimize regulatory lag associated with that investment - that regulatory lag is effectively. When we put that capital into service, we begin appreciating it. We began to record interest and taxes on it. Those amounts today fall to the bottom line in the form of regulatory lag, before the capital is put into rates. As we look forward now, we have the opportunity to defer those post in-service carrying costs, until we start collecting, the capital investment in rates. The way that I think about this from a rule of thumb standpoint, is about every $300 million of eligible distribution capital, is worth about $0.01 of savings in terms of regulatory lag. And so, think about this less as a new mechanism for recovery, and more about helping minimize regulatory lag, on our system investment.
Sophie Karp: Got it. That is super helpful. Thank you. And then my other question was on the capital plan increase, right? The incremental $4 billion that you guys are showing. Should we think about this as more or less a ratable increase over the 10 years, like over the remainder of the plan rather or is there some shape to it?
Chris Foster: Sure thing. Sophie. I think it's fairly ratable. I think maybe a couple of the exceptions relate specifically, to a few things that we're looking at in Indiana, in particular, related to some generation projects there. Those tend to be just inherently a little bit larger as we work those into the plan. But otherwise, really across the plan, I think the thing to emphasize here is we don't - there's no real big bet that, we're looking at here. This is very straightforward, just base utility cap that we're looking at.
Sophie Karp: Great. Thank you. That's all for me.
Jackie Richert: Operator, I think we have time for one more question, please.
Operator: Okay. The last question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning, team. Thank you guys very much. Appreciate it.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, excellent. So I just wanted to close this out, if you don't mind, on the next quarter here as we think about the multiyear resiliency filing that, you're going to be coming forward with, I just want to clarify this. We've talked a lot about the ATM, the $250 million here. We've talked about the asset sales. How do you think about - especially the asset sales side that, is effectively prefunding any portion of that resiliency plan, to come here in the next quarter? Just want to really clarify how much incremental equity could be coming as part of a yet higher CapEx number associated with a fully dispositive resiliency filing?
Jason Wells: Yes, Julien, thanks for the question. I mean I think what we're trying to do, is lay out kind of the pieces here. We've been investing, as you know, it improved resiliency for the community here in Houston, over the last couple of years, starting kind of with resiliency now. And part of the $700 million that we increased our CapEx plan last year in 2023, by or investments directly attributable, to improving system resiliency. And then as well, when you think about this transaction, there's the approximate $1 billion in after-tax proceeds, which really helps fund that pre-investment that I've been speaking about. But the other opportunity that I want to stress, is in our previous 10-year capital plan ending 2030. We had about $1 billion of incremental investment earmarked for Louisiana, Mississippi. Upon closure of those, we'll obviously continue to invest through the close of the sale. But after that sale closes, we'll be able to take that $1 billion that we had allocated to Louisiana, Mississippi and redeploy it back here, largely into Houston Electric for resiliency programs. So there's an opportunity there to get the improved recovery that, I just mentioned in my answer to Sophie. I think there's also the opportunity - we were under earning Louisiana, Mississippi, so by redeploying that capital back in Houston Electric, redeploying it in a jurisdiction, we have a higher earned return. So there's that kind of enhancement. So I wouldn't necessarily look at this as incremental equity coming out of this resiliency filing. This is again, ways to support the prefunding, the increases that we've seen as well as reallocating capital, to support those programs, and enhancing our long-term EPS growth plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. I know you commented on the Houston Electric ability to settle here, but the gas side of it assume the same, in terms of broad sentiments. Maybe you can speak to that a little bit more, on timing, too?
Jason Wells: Yes. No, thank you for that question. We've got our third settlement conference in the Texas gas rate case here, at the end of the month in February. That was what we believe is a relatively modest rate increase. And as we've talked about in the past, a number of customer classes, are experiencing a significant rate decrease. And so, we're optimistic that given the constructive nature, of the request that we can kind of find a settlement. To the extent that we can't, we would anticipate a decision in that case probably mid-summer this year. So, we'll continue working the settlement front according to that settlement schedule. And then as I said, we have the opportunity with the Houston Electric rate case sometime mid-summer, to potentially settle that as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Excellent. All right. Best of luck, guys. We'll speak next quarter. Cheers.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Great. Operator, with that, that will conclude our Q&A for today's call.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint's Energy fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
Jackie Richert: Take care, and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice-President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert, please go ahead.
Jackie Richert: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint's third quarter 2023 earnings conference call. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based on various factors, as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of diluted adjusted earnings per share on a consolidated basis, referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning everyone. Before we review our third quarter results, I'd like to touch on the leadership transition announcement we made earlier today. As you've seen, effective January 5th, 2024, Jason Wells will succeed me as CEO and a member of the Board. It has been a great personal and professional experience to work alongside him and our very talented executive team. I am incredibly proud of all that we've accomplished together in the past three and a half years, as we worked hard to position the company to achieve the premium market valuation we have today. We could not have done it without the support and buy-in of our management team and all of our great employees. I have full confidence that Jason is the right person to take the helm. And given how far we've come, now is the right time to advance this transition. As our very strong third quarter results demonstrate, we have great momentum and a solid foundation in place. Making this change at the beginning of 2024 allows Jason and the team to hit the ground running, and as you will hear shortly, this move has no impact on our financial plans, capital growth plans, no impacts to great opportunities ahead for CenterPoint. I have no doubt about CenterPoint's ability to continue to outperform. I'm looking-forward to working closely with Jason and the rest of the management team to support a seamless transition. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jason for a few comments.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. I'm honored and excited for the opportunity to lead and serve CenterPoint and all of its stakeholders, into this next chapter. From my first day at the company, I've worked with Dave and our Board of Directors to reshape and launch our utility focused strategy. I've also been fortunate to have worked alongside Dave in our pursuit of a track-record of consistent execution to unlock value. I appreciate the Board's confidence in me, and I am thrilled with the opportunity to work alongside this talented team we have here at CenterPoint, to continue enhancing and executing on one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. I am confident that with our team who puts our customers at the heart of all we do, the opportunities ahead are boundless. I look forward to spending the next few months continuing to engage with our stakeholders and sharing my vision for the company's great future, as we continue to be laser-focused on providing outstanding service to our customers and communities and executing consistently to deliver enhanced stakeholder value. Now, before I turn it back over to Dave to kick-off the discussion of our strong third quarter results, I want to personally thank him for his tireless leadership, mentorship and friendship. He is a force for change, and I look forward to building off the momentum he has created.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Jason. Now let's turn to what was a great quarter. I'm excited to announce that despite the continued headwinds the industry faces, our Q3, 2023, represents our 14th consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding expectations here at CenterPoint. And as you probably saw from the results published this morning, this quarter can squarely be put in the not-only-meets but exceeds column. And as I did last quarter, I will share the quarter's headlines. Headline 1. Strong financial results, even with ongoing macro headwinds. Despite the persistent inflation across the economy and increasing interest rate headwinds, we were able to deliver $0.40 of non-GAAP EPS in the third quarter of 2023. This represents a 25% increase over the comparable quarter of 2022. Headline 2. Strong Q3 results give us visibility and confidence to increase full-year 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance range from $1.48 to $1.50 to $1.49 to $1.51 per share. At the new and higher midpoint, this projected increase would represent a 9% growth over 2022. This would also be our third consecutive year of 9% growth and our third consecutive year with a compounding beat and raise, reflecting our ongoing strong execution. In addition, we yet again increased our dividend this quarter from $0.19 to $0.20, which represents a 10% increase over the last 12 months; one of the highest increases in this sector. These are just outstanding results. Headline 3. Initiating 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.61 to $1.63 per share. Our new 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range represents an 8% growth over the midpoint of our new and now higher 2023 guidance range of $1.49 to $1.51. This continues to reflect the compounding effects of our three years of expected beat and raise results, this due to excellent execution over the past several years. As we've said previously, we continue to target year-over-year growth to deliver value to our customers and investors each and every year. We are also demonstrating that we continue to have upside to our previously stated annual growth targets. Headline 4. Another upward revision to our capital plan. We continue to be prudent and formally incorporating incremental capital into our plan. We will not deviate from our practice of only adding an incremental investments when we believe we can operationally execute them, efficiently fund them and effectively recover them. I am delighted to say today, we now have line-of-sight to increase our capital plan by an additional $500 million. This brings our total 10-year capital plan due 2030 to nearly $44 billion, supporting a 10% rate base CAGR throughout that same period. Better, yet, this amount also includes an increase to our 2023 plan from $4 billion to $4.2 billion. This represents a nearly 17% increase since our beginning of the year target of $3.6 billion. The remaining incremental $300 million will be deployed in 2024 and 2025. These additional capital investments will continue to support safety, reliability and resiliency for the benefit of customers, while balancing the impact on their bills. Chris will discuss the funding of this incremental capital a little later in his remarks. Headline 5. O&M discipline continues to help results and benefit customers. We continue on a path of reducing O&M cost by 1% to 2% per year on average over our current 10-year plan. We have successfully been able to reduce overall O&M on an annual basis, even in years when we have pulled forward O&M. This benefits all of our stakeholders. This year's strong results will allow us to pull approximately $0.03 of O&M into '23 from 2024. Now, over time we've discussed a lot of pluses, minuses and pull-forwards to our O&M in our earnings calls over the past three years. And sometimes it's easy to get lost in the weeds on our great progress and we do see in O&M. In fact, that happens to me at times. But here is the bottom-line that you should focus on. Even with higher inflation, we are now on-track to have reduced total controllable O&M from $1.46 billion to $1.28 billion since the beginning of 2021, a reduction of over 12%. Headline 6. Our four upcoming rate case filings remain on-track with a slight modification to the timing of our Houston Electric rate case. With the support of key stakeholders, we are requesting a shift to the timing of our CEHE rate case. With PUCT approval, we will seek to file, a couple of months later, to allow the use of a calendar year test year which should simplify the filing for all parties. Jason will get into that in a few minutes. Headline 7. Houston growth continues at a blistering pace. The Houston area is seen a nearly 15% increase in housing starts through the first three quarters of 2023. This activity continues to support our annual 1% to 2% organic customer growth that benefits customer charges. In fact, 10 years ago our average monthly customer charges were approximately $49. Today, even after historic inflation, our monthly charge is still that same $49. This is a testament to benefits of the decades-long 2% organic customer growth here in the Houston area. Headline 8. Still targeting Houston Electric customer charges at or below the 2% historical rate of inflation. While continuing to heavily invest in the fundamentals of safety, resiliency and reliability, our goal is to keep Houston Electric customer charge increases at or below the 2% historical level of inflation over the longer term. In summary, balancing the economic headwinds, such as higher interest rates and inflationary pressures with the tailwinds of unseasonably warm weather, especially in our Houston service territory, we continue to deliver for both our customers and investors. The third quarter of 2023 highlights this management team's commitment and ability to execute even through adverse macro conditions. We continue to believe that we have one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry, and we believe we have the right team in place to extend our track-record of execution. Before I hand it over to Jason and Chris, I want to express my sincere appreciation to all employees here at CenterPoint that endured extreme weather conditions this summer to keep the power on for our customers when it mattered most. Now, let me turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. Before I get into my updates for the quarter, I also want to extend my gratitude to all of our employees who worked through the challenging weather and economic conditions this summer to provide exceptional service to our customers. Now, looking at the regulatory calendar on Slide 5, I want to provide an update regarding the timing of our four upcoming rate case filings, beginning with the first one of two that will be filed next week, that is our Texas gas rate case. For the benefit of our customers and to reduce administrative burden on all of our stakeholders, for the first time we will be combining our four Texas gas jurisdictions into a single rate case filing. We expect this combined filing will result in reduced monthly bills for certain customers, specifically to those in our smaller rural Texas gas areas of our service territory, as well as our large commercial and industrial users. Those residential customers in more urban areas are anticipated to see a moderate overall monthly bill increase. Additionally, the single filing will simplify future consolidated annual group filings from four to one per year. Moving onto our other Texas business, Houston Electric. We are now targeting the second quarter of 2024 to file a rate cases. We previously guided to the first quarter of 2024. However, to simplify the case for all stakeholders, we now anticipate using a calendar test year ending December 31st, 2023, rather than the previously contemplated test year end of September 30, 2023. The shift to a calendar test year reduces the administrative burden for all parties. Given the anticipated new test period end date, we wanted to ensure that we had enough time to compile our filing. While we're still developing the parameters, we are still anticipating the rate case to have a relatively flat revenue requirement and look-forward to highlighting the large O&M reductions we've been able to achieve, which will be a key contributor to the expected revenue requirement. In our Minnesota Gas and Indiana Electric businesses, we don't anticipate any changes to the timing of our filings as we continue to target early November-December of this year respectively for this filings. Although we don't expect the timing of the Minnesota rate case to change, the structure of our filing will. We are planning to file a two-year forward-looking rate case, instead of a one-year rate case, which we've historically filed. This change will allow us to file for a revenue increase for the second year to maintain those rates to the next rate case, putting us on an expected path to smooth revenue increases for the benefit of our customers. Additionally, given the filing will cover a longer period, it will naturally result in fewer rate case filings, lessening the administrative burden for all stakeholders. Moving to the regulatory updates shown on Slide 6. Outside of our rate cases, during the quarter, we began to recover on our interim mechanisms at Houston Electric. The first interim mechanism related to our distribution investments, known as the DCRF, which went into rates on September 1st with an annual revenue requirement increase of $70 million. The $70 million increase relates to the - our distribution investments made during calendar year 2022. As many of you are aware, recently enacted legislation now enables Texas Utilities to make to such filings per year, instead of the one we were previously allowed. This should allow for the reduction of regulatory lag associated with our future distribution capital spend at Houston Electric, as we continue to make customer-driven investments. The second interim mechanism that also went into rates relates to our recently settled emergency generation or T- filing, which like the DCRF, was included in customer rates beginning on September 1st. This is a tremendously constructive outcome for our customers. These emergency generation assets can be deployed during some of the most critical times, like extended outages caused by severe weather events that occur in the Houston area. As power resiliency and reliability remain a key focus of ours in the communities we serve, we will continue to advocate for these customer-focused outcomes. I want to take a moment and highlight that, although we continue to make these customer-driven investments in resiliency and reliability, which in aggregate equate to over $300 million in incremental revenue, we are still mindful of the impacts to customer charges. As Dave said, 10 years ago, our average monthly delivery customer charges were approximately $49 a month. Today, even after historic inflation, our average monthly delivery charge is still that same $49. This is a testament to the benefits of the tremendous organic customer growth here in the Houston area, as well as our disciplined focus on managing O&M. Lastly, I'd like to provide an update regarding the generation transition in Indiana. We've filed for cost increases associated primarily with the increased cost in solar panels in MISO interconnection costs. This quarter, we have received re-approval for Posey solar, which is one of our 200 Megawatt utility-owned solar projects. We are also revising the placed-in-service dates for two of our renewable generation projects that are now expected to be operational in 2026, which were previously anticipated to go into service in 2025. These delays, common with these types of projects, are due to increased pricing and a long queue for MISO interconnects, among other factors. As we said before in instances of delayed projects, we will work to sequence our other capital deployment opportunities to eliminate any earnings impact to our plan. We want to recognize the Indiana commission who continues to work to balance all stakeholder input of our ongoing energy transition, as we work towards moving away from more costly coal generation to cleaner, lower cost generation investments in wind, solar and natural gas. These are my updates for the quarter. I am proud of our operational execution, especially in light of the extreme weather some of our jurisdictions endured during the quarter. Our Houston Electric service territory experienced 12 new record demand peaks. Our crews restored transmission lines to mitigate generation congestion, provided relief through voltage reduction, and organizationally, took a leading role in socializing the need for customer energy conservation. Through these efforts, we were able to not only keep the power on for our customers, but also manage our O&M while doing so, benefiting future customer rates. Although our sector continues to face headwinds, I am still firmly in the belief that our tailwinds such as efficient capital deployment, strong organic growth and O&M reduction opportunities exceed our headwinds. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chris to provide his financial update for the quarter.
Chris Foster: Before I get started on the financial results, Dave, thank you for your support of me as I sought to hit the ground running. And Jason, congratulations to you. Today, I'll cover three areas of focus. First, our Q3 results, including our positive revision to 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance and the initiation of 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance. Second, our positively revised capital plan and corresponding financing plan. And third, I look at where we stand today with respect to our balance sheet. Now, let's start with the financial results on Slide 7. As Dave mentioned in his headlines, with three quarters of 2023 behind us, we now have the visibility and confidence to provide an upward revision to our full-year 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance range from $1.48 to $1.50 per share, to $1.49 to $1.51 per share. This increased guidance range reflects projected 9% growth over full-year 2022 actual non-GAAP EPS of $1.38 when using the midpoint. This would represent our third consecutive year of 9% growth. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.40 for the third quarter of 2023. Our non-GAAP EPS results for the third quarter, remove the results of our now divested non-regulated business Energy Systems Group. On a non-GAAP basis, we also reported $0.40 for the third quarter of 2023, compared to $0.32 in the third quarter of 2022. Growth in rate recovery contributed $0.09, which was driven by the ongoing recovery of various interim mechanisms for which customer rates were updated earlier in the year, such as the transmission tracker or TCOS at Houston Electric and the Texas Grips. Also contributing, and as Jason noted earlier during the quarter, we began recovery of two separate mechanisms at Houston Electric; DCRF and TEEEF. In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% average annual customer growth, which continues to benefit both customers and investors. Weather and usage were $0.05 favorable when compared to the same quarter of 2022, primarily driven by the historic summer heat in our Houston's electric service territory. This Q3 warmer weather impact, partially offset the unfavorable cooler weather impact of $0.06 we experienced in Q1 and Q2 of this year. O&M was flat for the third quarter and $0.02 favorable year-to-date when comparing to the first three quarters of 2022. And we remain laser-focused on reducing O&M by 1% to 2% per year on average, while executing our core work plan to meet our customers' needs. In fact, due to the favorable impact from the weather, we were able to increase Q3 spending on certain O&M items for the benefit of our customers. These O&M activities included accelerated vegetation management, which we see as prudent given the heightened recent drought conditions and other targeted projects that should help us improve safety and reliability for our customers. Our consistent progress on O&M is clear. Over the last couple of years, we have been able to use hotter summers to increase our spend on O&M for the benefit of our customers. However, when looking at our current O&M trajectory, even with this increased spend, we are anticipating reducing controllable O&M by over 12% since 2021. These are excellent results for customers and investors alike. We continue to look for and execute on additional opportunities each year. Closing out the earnings drivers for the quarter, favorability from rate recovery and weather were partially offset by an $0.08 increase in interest expense. We continued rising interest rate expense on short-term borrowings, with the primary driver for this unfavourability when compared to the third quarter of last year. However, we continue to be opportunistic in reducing short-term floating rate debt exposure. I'll discuss this in greater detail in just a moment. Let me now focus a bit on our 2023 capital plan, which you can see here on Slide 8. The third quarter of 2023 represents yet another quarter of sound capital deployment execution as we invested $1.1 billion for the benefit of our customers and communities. This brings our year-to-date total investments to $3.4 billion year-to-date across our various service territories, or over 80% of 2023 capital plan. Additionally, as Dave mentioned in his headlines, we are now able to incorporate an additional $200 million of customer-focused investments in 2023, which increases our full-year 2023 capital plan from $4 billion to $4.2 billion. Let me provide a little context around this update. This year saw a couple of operational factors beyond the second DCRF law that benefited us. First, we did not experience a temporary loss of our great frontline crews to mutual aid requests as they were not major weather events that activated that need. With those crews at the ready to execute more work, we were able to support our continued customer growth of over 2% in our Texas electric business, as well as advance some of our pipeline modernization work at our Texas gas business as opposed to waiting until next year. I'm proud of the team's ability to be nimble in this way as we continue to invest in safety, reliability and resiliency for our customers. Now turning to our 2024 non-GAAP earnings guidance. As we enter the final quarter of 2023 with confidence in our ability to deliver strong full-year results, we are already looking into next year. And going forward, we would intend for our traditional rhythm to be to provide subsequent year non-GAAP EPS guidance for you in the third quarter of the prior year. And as a result, today we are initiating our 2024 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.61 to $1.63 per share. This would represent an 8% earnings growth over our now higher expected 2023 earnings midpoint. Beyond 2024, we continue to target the mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% non-GAAP EPS growth through 2030. We also target growing dividends in-line with earnings, and as some of you may have noticed, we took the step to increase our dividend this quarter from $0.19 to $0.20. Which represents a 10% increase over the last 12 months; one of the highest increases in this sector. Supporting this 2024 growth is our now revised capital plan. For 2024, we are targeting to deploy $3.7 billion of customer-driven capital to support the growth, resiliency and safety of our system for our customers. On top of the incremental $200 million added to the 2023 capital plan, we will add approximately $300 million of incremental capital to the existing $43.4 billion, 10-year capital plan through 2030. This brings our new total amount to $43.9 billion. This $300 million is anticipated to be deployed in 2024 and 2025. Allow me a minute to step-back and give all of you a feel for our thinking here on this upward revision. It's much like we've said before, we need to be able to efficiently execute, fund and recover our costs as we think about including more capital for customers. This additional capital represents our move to take advantage of a few factors. First, we have the opportunity provided by the recent resiliency legislation that passed in the Texas Legislature where we can start to pull some of that work into play soon. And the team has come a long way on better capital execution in recent years. I want to take a moment and put in perspective just how far we've progressed in our capital plan since our last Analyst Day in 2021. The new $43.9 billion capital plan through 2030 is nearly 10% higher than the $40 billion plus plan we outlined, we hosted that Analyst Day, and with our revised 2023 capital target, we will have deployed over $12.5 billion in capital since the beginning of 2021, over $1 billion more than our then-market capitalization. Additionally, the five-year capital target of $18 billion plus communicated back in 2021, which now stands at over $21 billion, represents over a 16% increase in capital. At that same prior Analyst Day, we also announced that we did not need any equity to fund our $40 billion-plus capital plan, nor that we need equity to fund the previous increases to $43.4 billion. And that was still the case when we referenced our most recent revision to $43.4 billion, in part due to the financing lift from the non-core ESG transaction we announced in the last quarter. However, as we have previously said, as our capital plan grows and as we began to spend incremental capital beyond the $43.4 billion plan, equity or equity-like funding would be required. And the reason for this is simple. While we are committed to making customer-focused investments for safety, reliability and resiliency, we are equally committed to preserving a strong balance sheet. As we go-forward and evaluate acceleration of incremental growth capital additions to our plan, you should assume that we will fund in-line with our consolidated capital structure. So, it follows today that in order to efficiently fund the $500 million of incremental capital opportunities I discussed a moment ago, we anticipate initiating a modest ATM program in 2024 of approximately $250 million. Ultimately, we see this capital we highlighted today along with the ATM, introducing additional flexibility for our future plans. And as we've said before, we will continue to evaluate efficient funding for future incremental capital that we formally fold into the plan. To be clear, any ATM program proceeds are dedicated to enhance growth and incremental capital investments. The equity issued under this program will, in no way, reduce our earnings growth targets through 2030. As discussed, we continue to reaffirm our target 8% next year and the mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% thereafter through 2030. With our revised capital plan, we are still intently focused on delivering work affordably. We continue to target our customer delivery charges at Houston Electric to be equal to or less than historic inflation rate of 2%. We have confidence in our ability to achieve this through Houston's tremendous organic growth; securitization charges rolling-off the bill later next year and our plan to reduce O&M 1% to 2% per year on average. A great example of our ability to keep customer charges manageable, even as we make our system more resilient, can be found in Q3. Even with the recovery of more than $700 million in investments in our temporary emergency generation now being included in customer rates, customer charges have increased at less than an annual average of 1%. We have a strong track-record on bringing focus to affordability and smoothing of rates for our customers. Like Dave mentioned earlier, our average charge was $49, 10 years ago, and it's averaging $49 today. Finally, I will cover some of our financing and credit-related topics on Slide 9. As of the end-of-the third quarter, our calculated FFO-to-debt was 14.3%. This represents an expected increase from Q2, as the recovery of our investments accelerates going into the back-half of the year. We anticipate this acceleration to continue through Q4 of this year, as we will have a full-quarter of recovery on our DCRF and TEEEF Investments that we've indicated beginning on September 1st. We continue to target FFO-to-debt of 14% to 15%, which runs through 2030, and importantly, provides at least 100 basis points of cushion to our downgrade threshold of 13%. As a reminder, we are carrying approximately $400 million of debt at the parent, which was issued to fund our higher equity layer at Houston Electric and Texas Gas, which we believe is the proper capitalization of these businesses. Another area in which we've seen improvement is the continued reduction of our exposure to floating-rate debt. Through the third quarter, we reduced floating-rate debt to approximately $1.8 billion, which represents a 60% reduction from the beginning of 2023. We continue to be opportunistic in reducing this balance further, and the convertible bond issuance during this quarter is a great example of capitalizing on opportunities. Our $1 billion convertible issuance allowed us to redeem our $800 million Series A preferred shares that were set to go floating during the quarter on September 1st of the year at nearly 9%. So some good opportunistic savings were achieved there. The remaining approximately $200 million of convertible bond proceeds allowed us to pay down commercial paper, contributing to the net reduction of floating-rate debt exposure. Lastly, after quarter close, we issued $450 million of private placement notes at SIGECO. As we've noted in prior quarters, this was an opportunity to fund the entity on a standalone basis, rather than relying on inter-company borrowings from the parent. On a go-forward basis, this should translate to a lower relative cost of borrowing versus the parent. And as a result, this reduced parent level debt to total borrowing by another 2%. This is a milestone as our final step of the Vectren financing integration. We remain intensely focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, especially in what appears to be a higher for longer interest-rate environment. We have worked hard to build in additional conservatism in our long-term plan. And today shows another step of progressing that plan for our customers and investors. This shared focus on good planning is what we believe will allow us to continue to execute, even in the face of continued headwinds. With that, I'll now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: As you've heard from us today, we now have 14 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play, regulated, premium utility and on a course to continue execution of our current plan with incremental growth opportunities to support our customers well beyond that. Thank you for listening to me tell our story for the past three and a half years. This has been a great ride, and I look forward to finding my next opportunity. We also look forward to celebrating Jason's promotion with all of you at EEI.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Dave. Operator, we'll now turn it back to you for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hi guys, good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So just on - I wanted to just touch on the confidence that's going into '24 and obviously growing at the top-end from the raised guidance. I guess, how are you kind of maybe addressing the headwinds like interest-rate pressures on about $1 billion worth of the maturities, and you do have, in addition you can talk about this. You have rate cases, right, in Texas, Indiana and Minnesota that you have to get through which could also create some lag. It's a lot of moving pieces, so, I guess where the levers, and just talk about your confidence level in these cases as well as it will dictate '24 and beyond.
ChrisFoster: Sure, Shar. Thanks for the question. I think there's probably three things I would focus on. I'll make sure to hit the rate case piece with that, while Jason maybe give you some color there. And there's probably three things that give us the confidence. First is the thoughtful capital planning, where we're now seeing some of the benefit with improved regulatory mechanisms. Second is O&M discipline that we're starting, really continuing to improve on. Third would be just really looking across the plan for incremental opportunities as we go. So an impact each of those. On the capital side, we're now experiencing some of the benefits that are layering in over the increases that we've put in over the last 18 months. And on top of that, we've got the Texas legislation that passed earlier this year is going to help reduce the regulatory lag. And we'll start to see some of the benefit of those investments in '24 and '25. And so we think that ability to file two DCRFs per year, in particular and that incremental recovery of incentive comp can help us reduce regulatory lag by about half. On the O&M side, really as David said, in particular, we continue to be focused on reducing O&M 1% to 2% on average. And you heard that now that we're looking back and really 2021 forward, we're now looking at a 12% reduction, which is pretty substantial. Then lastly, I was getting out looking really across the plan. And so there, although not really O&M specific, we're looking at exploring some savings opportunities with respect to income tax. And since we divested all those non-regulated entities within the company that have any real material size, we've been looking to ensure that there is an efficient state income tax structure that exists beyond that. So we're looking here in the near-term for some potential tax savings as well. Maybe I'll just kick it to Jason for more color on the regulatory cases.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks Chris. And Shar, I would say that the extension of the filing date for Houston Electric will not create any additional regulatory lag, want to be clear about that. As a quick reminder, you know, we have access to the DCRF and TEEEF cost, the capital recovery mechanisms up to the date that we make that rate case filing. So we don't see this extension in the filing date creating any additional regulatory lag.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, perfect. And then just lastly, obviously, appreciate the CapEx increase and a modest step-up of equity. What's left in the upside CapEx you've highlighted in the past versus what you put into plan? And is there - I guess is there any reason even track that anymore given the incremental opportunity. It's obviously not something you guys have highlighted on the deck, so.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks Shar, and I think you hit it. At the end of your question there. Candidly, I don't think there is a reason to continue to track, you know, what we had originally in our last quarter articulated is at $2.6 billion. Set capital opportunities are - were outside of the plan. You know, candidly, as we've gone through our planning process for '24 and looking at our long-term plans, the pipeline of additional CapEx opportunities above are now $43.9 billion CapEx plan remains significant, well in excess of that $2.6 billion. And so, I think it just becomes a confusing factor to reconcile that. I think we've earned the confidence in track record that. You know, the pipeline of opportunities is deep, and as we see the opportunity to efficiently execute them, efficiently fund them and efficiently recover them, we will continue to pull them in for the benefit of our customers.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. Jason, congrats to you on, on Phase-II, and obviously not a surprise to anyone. And Dave, congrats to you on, on your next phase, and if you're not Board of the utility sector, I'm sure there's other utilities that may need your help this year. Thanks.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I'm, not bored of the utility. Thanks, Shar. Thanks.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi, good morning. Thanks. First, my condolences on the Astros, but more importantly, congrats to Dave on a great job and very happy for you, Jason.
Dave Lesar: Thank you Steve.
Jason Wells: Thanks Steve.
Steve Fleishman: So I --
Dave Lesar: No, I'm, I'm thanking you for the Astros, and thank you for the - 
Steve Fleishman: Dave, you can win every year in the utility business, but you can't in baseball, so.
Dave Lesar: Yes, so, so true.
Steve Fleishman: So the - I guess just could you give a little color on the $250 million of equity, of just kind of should we expect that to be kind of largely done, kind of during the year, next year. And then is there anything to just read into it about, you know, in the past you talked about, you know, kind of asset sale potential and things like that, is that just less likely now given that the market environment. Or, is it maybe just the needs are not enough to consider asset sale, as you kind of feathering this in the incremental CapEx. Thanks.
ChrisFoster: Sure, Steve, happy to hit it. I, I think if you just look at what we updated today, we took the plan from $43.4 billion to $43.9 billion. And really, you know, fairly, you know, relatively small amount of the CapEx increase, but one that we thought was reasonably funded with the, the modest movement in the ATM of introducing a 250. Stepping back going-forward, if you - If you look at kind of how we articulated previously, we'd probably be putting ourselves in a position to talk about the longer-term CapEx plan and the associated refresh, really once we get through the key rate cases that are in front of us at this stage. Pointing to kind of the last factor that, that you mentioned, we're going to consistently looking at it, look at the most efficient way to fund our equity going forward. But it's going to be clear that we are talking about at this stage, you know, any future considerations on an ATM would be incremental to the $43.9 billion, right. So there will be growth centric beyond the $43.9 billion that we're talking about today. And again, we're looking to do that larger capital refresh once we can work our way through these cases.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great, thanks. I'll, I'll leave it to others for questions. Thank you.
ChrisFoster: Thanks, Steve.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning and congratulations, guys, well done. Jason, good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, absolutely. Alrighty. Just wanted to pivot back to that last question a little bit. I mean, you know, incremental resiliency spending through some of these filings in Texas seems like a pretty clear opportunity. I know it's preliminary. Can you elaborate a little bit more about that upside relative to the $2.6 billion you guys have articulated earlier? I, I get that there's kind of a, a quote big opportunity. But just a sense of, of what you guys are seeing out there and the and the sum out there are really putting on some big numbers. And then relate it if you can, how does that timeline square up with the Texas electric case here, if at all, to the extent to which that, that drove some of that timeline consideration. And then maybe lastly I'll throw in this, it's just related; how do you think about the merits of further LDC asset sales versus ATM, considering this upside in the plan, you know, tied to resiliency or, or what have you. Again, I, I get that, you know, that the, the modest size of ATM is sort of tied to the modest CapEx increase. But as you think about these, these bigger chunkier increases, is that still on the table or is it little bit in the backburner considering the backdrop today.
ChrisFoster: Yes, thanks Julien. There's a, a lot to unpack there. You know, on the CapEx side of things. Let, let me just say, you know, last quarter we had talked about pipeline of opportunities of $2.6 billion outside of the plan, you know, as we've gone through our planning process. It is well, well in excess of that. I think those opportunities are in all kind of aspects of our business. I mean, you hit on it. I think the resiliency opportunity here at Houston Electric remains significant. I think it's a real question around the pace of work and we're in the middle of preparing that filing that I'll come back to in a minute, but resiliency is clearly a key driver. But I equally see an incredible amount of opportunities on our gas side as well, particularly given all the growth that we've seen here in Texas for our Texas gas business. So, I would say they're equally weighted, they're well in excess of, of the $2.6 billion we used to track. We're just moving away from tracking that because it becomes confusing, what's in the plan was out of and how does it adjust quarter-by-quarter, but suffice it to say, it remains a deep pipeline of, of opportunities. With respect to the filing timing, you know, we are waiting for the final set of rules to be voted out by the PUCT, likely in December here. We will then, and we are now currently preparing our filing which will likely be sometime, kind of late in the first quarter for that, that resiliency filings. I think this is a incredible piece of legislation, and we're excited about proposing plans to really enhance, continued to enhance the resiliency of our Houston Electric business. And, so more to come there. I think as it relates to the timing of the filing will likely come in maybe a month or two or so before we file the Houston Electric rate case. So it will be a busy regulatory calendar for, for the Houston Electric business next year. But roughly kind of the same time, as I said, end of first-quarter for their resiliency filing a little bit after that for the, the Houston Electric filing. And then sort of more broadly on assets, as look, we, we love the businesses we run. It's a privilege to serve all of our communities. We constantly receive inbound interest on, you know, all of our assets. And as we think about additional movements increases in our CapEx plan, I think we were in the confidence, we will find the most efficient way to finance that incremental growth. So I would say, we, we will make the right decision to maximize value for, for all of our stakeholders, as we look to funding this incremental, incremental capital pipeline that I articulated.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. Nicely done. And then just quick clarification. You made an allusion to some CapEx timing shifts in, in Indiana based on the renewable project. Just, what's the backfill plan, if you can elaborate a little bit more?
ChrisFoster: Well, some of it's already underway. I mean I think some of the capital that we've announced today, you know, we're executing that capital, putting that capital into service that will allow us then to begin to seek recovery of it next year and fully year in on it in '25. And so, you know, this, this pattern of looking out in the plan and seek re-sequencing capital has been something that I think we've built a track record for. You know, originally, when the Department of Commerce opened up its original investigation, that moved the timing on a handful of our original solar projects. We seamlessly accelerated some capital, particularly here in Houston Electric to offset that. And effectively, that's what we're doing today with this CapEx increase. So yes, I think the important part about these renewable generation projects up in Indiana, I, I think it's important to reemphasize, it represents less than 10% of our total CapEx for the company. And so it gives us a great deal of flexibility as we see the potential slowdown in, you know, operational dates for these plants, we can accelerate either in the other electric or gas portions of our business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Congrats again guys. See you soon, right?
ChrisFoster: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Please standby for the next question. The next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan Securities. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
ChrisFoster: Hi, Jeremy, good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Congratulations again to Dave and Jason here. Great to see. And maybe just kind of picking up with this point. Obviously, Dave is a big figure in the City of Houston, very ingrained in the culture there. I was just wondering, Jason, if you could maybe speak a bit I guess, you know, having moved to Texas, how you feel your relationships with, you know, local community stakeholders, you know, have evolved over-time, you know, being somewhat newer to the City?
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks for the question, Jeremy. I appreciate it. Obviously, incredibly big shoes to fill, from the standpoint of Dave's status in the, in the community here, but you know I've been working since I hit the ground here with a variety of organizations outside of Houston Electric and, and, and obviously our greater CenterPoint family. So I'm deeply involved in the community, serving a number of different interests. I would say that Houston is a very welcoming and transitory community with a strong civic focus, and I've been able to tap into that to build a broad network. My focus are, isn't just on Houston alone. It's incredibly important, and I think the activities, you know, outside of my, my day job here at CenterPoint reflect my commitment to the community, but, you know, even this week we were up in Minnesota, meeting with the Governor and other elected officials around priorities for our Minnesota gas business. I continue to make my way around our full-service territory. And so, I think and, and hopefully you have seen - I understand the importance of being involved in our communities. Houston being obviously our home base, but we have the privilege to serve six states and want to be active in all of them.
Dave Lesar: Yes, let me just add little something to that, it's hard. As you know Jason is a humble guy, and he finds it hard to pat himself on the back, but I think he's done a great job in three-plus years he's been here in the Houston community and, and the broader places that CenterPoint serves. And I think he's doing a great job there. He is embedding themselves in the community. I'm not going anywhere. And I think it's going to be all easily handled, and I don't think there should be any concern at all about it.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that's, that's great to hear. Thank you for that. And then maybe just pivoting over towards Minnesota, if I could. I think you touched on the potential to change the structure of the filing to two-year forward looking rate case, instead of one years, one year, and just I was wondering, would that raise your earn return expectations in the jurisdiction, if this does come to fruition? And is this a, a benefit to CenterPoint's outlook if the Commission approves for the, the two-year test look there.
Jason Wells: I think just the overall sort of smoothing rate increases for customers. And sort of consistent with the common theme around a lot of our regulatory update today sort of simplifying our rate case schedule. I wouldn't really look at it as much as a, you know, earned return. Minnesota is the one state that we operate in that has a forward-looking test year. You know, historically, what I used to say was that, you know, in even years we would see a revenue increase and, and in odd years, you know, we wouldn't see any increase until we have to overcome that regulatory lag on, on odd years. This filing for a two-year for test year begins to address that profile. And so, again, starts to reduce a little bit of regulatory lag, snooze rate increases for our customers and overall reduces the administrative burden. So we're excited about making that filing next week.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it, that's very helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jackie Richert: Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: The last question will come from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. David, your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question, and congrats to both Dave and Jason as well.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, David.
David Arcaro: You know, I was, I was wondering just on the Houston Electric rate case filing, appreciate the color there. And just wondering if you could dig a little more into, have there been any changes in your expect, expectations in terms of the size of the revenue requirement ask. Does it gives you an opportunity to capture any kind of chunkier capital projects that might have been, you know, completed in the fourth quarter this year or any O&M savings, things like that as you head into that second-quarter timing.
Jason Wells: Yes, David. I appreciate the question, and the short answer is no, I don't think the extension was for that reason. Really with the fact we have now two, the opportunity for two DCRFs and two TCOS a year, the rate case at Houston Electric largely becomes a rate case that centers around cost-of-capital around depreciation rates at any differed regulatory assets and liabilities. You know, as I mentioned, we have the opportunity to seek recovery of capital that we're spending now and through the fourth quarter up until the time we file that rate case through the DCRF and TCOS mechanisms. And so, I wouldn't really look at this extension as opportunity for us to address any capital, is going to be a case that involves revolves around cost-of-capital O&M and regulatory assets. And back to sort of the first part of your question, no, there is no fundamental change, I think we're looking at the potential for a small revenue decline, you know, potentially flat revenue increase. When we - I've been clear that we're going to advocate for a higher cost of capital, but as we forecast what that calendar year test year is going to look like, we have reduced O&M more than the increases that we would propose from a cost of capital. So I think that should put us in a standpoint of filing for a revenue requirement. Again, relatively flat, potentially modest decrease as we've communicated in the past.
David Arcaro: Okay, great, thanks, that's helpful. And maybe just on the floating rate debt that the $1.8 billion you still get out there, do you plan to continue to reduce that and term it out going forward, or is the level it's at now the comfortable balance overall, as you think about capitalization?
Jason Wells: Sure, Dave. I think first of all. I got to give some credit to the team for working down even what we walked into this year was 27% floating rate debt as a percent of the total, we're now at about 10%. So really good progress there. As we look at near-term financing, even looking into earlier next year, just as an example for what we think, you know, how we think this is manageable, we're looking at roughly $700 million at CNP. And just to give you a feel for that, that component of our outstanding floating rate already sits at 5.8%. And so as you can imagine, given where things are right now, we think it's pretty manageable, in fact, you know, we might be opportunistic in going after that relatively soon. So just give you an example of were looking here and have laid out kind of the next couple of years for you, in terms of what's in front of us and think it's manageable at this stage, even with the longer for higher kind of macro theme that's going on right now.
Dave Lesar: Okay. Before we go off the call, I would just want to thank all of our shareholders and analysts that are on the call that have believed in me and our story, and just stick with us because the best is yet to come. Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, operator.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Corporate Planning, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: Welcome to CenterPoint's earnings conference call. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation on our website. We use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now Id like to turn it over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Good morning and thank you to everyone joining us for our second quarter 2023 earnings call. I'm excited to announce that this is our 13th consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding expectations. Additionally, Im pleased to be joined on today's call by Chris Foster, the newest member of our management team. Chris has hit the ground running. I know most of you already knew what a high-quality executive he is and have had the opportunity to catch up with him. We are happy to have him officially onboard. Since we have three speakers today instead of our usual two, I will limit my time to providing the main headlines for the quarter and let Jason and Chris tell the story. Headline 1, another great quarter is in the books at CenterPoint as our entire team of nearly 9,000 employees continues to execute well on all fronts. Headline 2, overcoming headwinds reaffirming 2023 guidance. We announced second quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 per share overcoming the $0.08 per share headwinds from higher interest expense alone. Other headwinds came from inflationary pressures and generally milder weather throughout our service territories this quarter. Despite these headwinds, we are reaffirming our 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.48 to $1.50 per share. This represents an 8% growth over last year's actual amount. This follows non-GAAP EPS earnings growth of 9% in both 2021 and 2022. Headline 3, reaffirming industry leading long-term growth for 2024 and beyond. We continue to target 8% non-GAAP EPS growth in 2024 and in the mid to high-end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. Headline 4. 2023 capital deployment is on track. We successfully deployed $1.2 billion of capital during the quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to approximately $2.3 billion. This is ahead of our anticipated plans for the year. Headline 5, increasing our 2023 capital spend by over 11%. Let me walk you through the new capital plan. Our prior 10-year capital plan was $43 billion with an incremental $3 billion of additional capital spend identified, but not yet included in our formal plan. Today, we are increasing our 2023 capital plan from $3.6 billion to $4 billion, an increase of over 11%. We are now confident we can efficiently fund, execute and recover this $400 million increase without any external equity issuance. With this, our formal capital plan through 2030 goes from $43 billion to $43.4 billion. As to the remaining $2.6 billion of capital identified, but not yet included in our $43.4 billion, we are now confident in our ability to identify opportunities well beyond this amount. As we have stated in the past, we will continue to add these incremental amounts to our capital plan when we are confident we can efficiently fund, execute and recover them. As we always do, we will continue to identify and execute on constructive opportunities for all of our stakeholders. So to be clear, this is additional capital spending for 2023, not pulling future capital spending forward. These additional capital investments will support safety and resiliency for the benefit of customers in our Houston Electric business while balancing the impact on their bills. Headline 6, O&M planned reductions remain on target. We continue on a path to reducing O&M cost by 1% to 2% per year on average over the current 10-year plan. Headline 7, positive legislation outcomes from across our territories. There were a number of recent legislative outcomes in Texas and Indiana that should benefit our utility customers for years to come. To name just a few from Texas, we now have the ability to file for two DCRFs per year, the ability to recover prudent incentive compensation and the ability to file a comprehensive resiliency focused investment plan. Headline 8, Houston growth continues. People and companies continue to flock to Houston, partly because of its affordable and reliable energy. In 2022, the Houston area was the second fastest growing metro area in the U.S. And amazingly, in 2022, over one-third of Houston's region population growth was from residents moving to Houston from outside the United States. Headline 9, targeting Houston Electric customer charges at or below the 2% historical rate of inflation, while continuing to heavily invest in the fundamentals of safety, resiliency and reliability, we will be aiming to keep Houston Electric customer charge increases at or below the 2% historical level inflation over the longer term. This is a unique luxury among utilities. Headline 10, we plan to be out of operating coal generation by the end of 2027. Using renewables and lower carbon power generation should provide a more affordable alternative for our customers. I want to thank our incredibly dedicated employees in both Houston and Southwestern Indiana, who worked tirelessly to repair our system that was struck by a series of major storms earlier this month.  Also, I want to take a moment to thank the Texas and Indiana legislatures and all stakeholders that supported our constructive legislative outcomes. We are grateful that the resiliency and the reliability of the grid continues to be a top priority for all of our stakeholders. In summary, even in the midst of the economic and operational headwinds of higher interest rates, inflationary pressures and unusual weather, we continue to deliver for both our customers and investors. The second quarter of 2023 is just another example of our continued commitment to executing on what we believe is the most tangible long-term growth plan in the industry. I will now let Jason and Chris take it from here.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our second quarter call. Before I get into my updates for the quarter, I want to echo Dave's gratitude to all of our employees who withstood this extreme weather to quickly restore service in our greater Houston and Southwest Indiana communities. I couldn't be prouder of our team response and commitment to the communities we have the privilege to serve. Looking at the legislative summary on Slide 5. We are grateful for the customer focused outcomes resulting from these recent legislative sessions. We understand our state legislatures have numerous issues to consider, and we are appreciative of the time that was spent on providing the electric and gas utility industries with additional tools to better serve our customers. In Texas, one of the top stated goals of the latest legislative session was to improve electric grid reliability, and we certainly believe we made good progress on that front will be an act of a number of bills. There are three that I want to highlight in particular. First, taxes transmission and distribution utilities now have the ability to file a resiliency plan for transmission and distribution-related cost recovery. This comprehensive electric resiliency plan will allow the TDUs to work with the Public Utility Commission of Texas to outline a multiyear investment plan to broadly harden our electric rig to better address the impacts of extreme weather. Additionally, distribution investments under these new plants will be eligible for the deferral of certain carrying costs, such as depreciation and interest expense, helping minimize the regulatory lag and recovery. This builds a great illustration of how our legislators and other stakeholders desire for increased grid resiliency in light of the recent demands on the electric grid and providing the TDUs to do so. Second, we now have the ability to file for recovery of distribution-related capital investments twice per year under the distribution capital recovery trackers or DCRF mechanism. This change now provides parity with the recovery of transmission investments where we already are able to make two filings a year. The ability to file two DCRFs a year will not only help to reduce regulatory lag on the recovery of our distribution investments, but will also help keep incremental bill increases smaller and smoother for our customers. Lastly, we will now be able to recover certain incentive compensation for the employees that serve our customers in the Houston Electric service territory. This will help us continue to attract top talent to better serve our customers. These bills as well as other related bills that were enacted were an overwhelmingly positive outcome for customers and for CenterPoint. And I want to also express appreciation to all stakeholders involved in achieving this. We will continue to work with stakeholders to achieve customer focused outcomes while advancing the resiliency, reliability and safety of the grid that helps power the economic success of the Greater Houston area. Outside of Texas, I want to thank the Indiana legislature for its time and attention in providing Indiana utilities for more opportunities to advocate for their customers. One such piece of legislation that I want to highlight in this regard is one that allows a utility to write a first refusal to building transmission lines that connect to a respective utility system. We believe this allows a utility to operate in the best interest of its customers, a win for those that we serve in Southwestern Indiana. In addition to a busy legislative calendar, we had a number of regulatory updates as shown on Slide 6. Starting with Minnesota Gas, we filed for the approval of 25 proposed projects under the Natural Gas Innovation Act, or NGIA with an estimated cost of a little over $100 million for the first 5 years of those projects. These projects include things like renewable natural gas and green hydrogen as well as pioneering technologies such as a networked geothermal district energy system and end use carbon capture. These proposed projects are designed with the goal of helping to advance a cleaner energy future in Minnesota. We continue to be appreciative of the constructive environment in Minnesota, which allows us the opportunity to invest in projects that assist our customers to achieve their emission reduction targets. Now moving to Indiana Electric. We continue to make good progress related to our 2020 Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP. During the quarter, we received several approvals from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, including approval for our 200 megawatt wind project and the reapproval of three of our solar projects. Additionally, earlier this month, the gas pipeline that will serve the new Gas CT plant, which was approved last year, was fully authorized to proceed by the FERC. Related to our 2020 IRP, we now have received approval and in many instances, reapproval for nearly all of the filings. These filings constitute over 1 gigawatt of renewable generation that we anticipate placing in service or begin contracting within the next few years and the 460 megawatt gas CT which is expected to provide an additional generation source on days when the wind might not be blowing and the sun might not be showing you. We also issued securitization bonds of approximately $340 million related to the retirement of the A.B. Brown coal facility. This was a very constructive transaction for our customers and has already started providing customer benefits in the form of a credit on their bills. With many of the individual projects related to our 2020 IRP underway, we can now turn our attention to 2023 IRP we submitted in the second quarter. This IRP addresses our proposed retirement of our third and final coal facility and places us firmly on a path to fully exiting coal generation we operate by the end of 2027, while offering our customers a cleaner, more reliable, balanced portfolio of solar, wind and gas generation at a cost that is expected to be substantially less than maintaining our existing coal generation fleet. This new filing proposes converting our last coal plant to gas as well as adding 200 megawatts of wind and 200 megawatts of solar by 2030. In its entirety, this IRP is anticipated to save customers nearly $80 million compared to the continued use of coal over the next 20 years. This filing is the culmination of months of hard work and collaboration throughout our organization to arrive at what we believe is a thoughtful and customer-centric approach to the generation transition in Southwest Indiana. Moving on to the regulatory calendar shown on Slide 7. As many of you know, we have a number of rate case filings on the horizon. I want to provide a brief update regarding the timing of those filings. Beginning with Texas Gas. We have slightly changed the expected timing of our filing. Previously, we had communicated that we would file this summer. However, we will delay this filing for a few months, likely filing in November of this year. We continue to anticipate filing for a relatively flat revenue requirement despite the delay and look forward to working with all stakeholders to reach a constructive outcome. Additionally, we will likely push the timing of our Houston Electric filing to Q1 of 2024 instead of the previously communicated fourth quarter of this year. We will continue to use our TCOS and DCRF mechanisms until that time. Similarly, we also anticipate filing a relatively flat revenue requirement supported by our O&M discipline and growth throughout our Texas service territory. With respect to the Minnesota and Indiana Electric Filings, we remain on track with our previously communicated time lines of filing both cases towards the end of the fourth quarter this year. Before I turn it over to Chris for the financial updates, I want to take a moment to touch on just how impressed I've been with the initiative and innovation of our leaders to reduce O&M, while at the same time, incrementally and positively impacting our customers' experience. One such incremental example can be found in our gas business. Earlier this year, we completed a review focused on finding continuous improvement opportunities in our leak management activities. This review resulted in identifying several million dollars in opportunities that will benefit customers in the future by reducing bill increases, but also freeing up crews to get to service costs faster. It is examples like this that continue to reinforce our confidence in delivering 1% to 2% annual average O&M reductions despite inflationary headwinds. Those are my updates for the quarter. I remain excited about our continued execution for the benefit of our customers and our investors. We continue to focus on making customer focused investments and working with stakeholders to support legislative and regulatory outcomes that benefit customers throughout our various service territories. Now with that, I will turn it over to Chris for the financial updates.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Jason, and thanks to all of you for joining our 2023 second quarter call and my first earnings call as CFO of this great company. Although I only recently joined the CenterPoint team, I can certainly say that I've enjoyed meeting more of my coworkers, digging into the long-term plan and representing the company to the investor community while also getting my family settled here with me as a new set of Houston residents. And I'm really pleased to see the recent outcomes the team has achieved, knowing we still have a number of long-term opportunities that are still very much in front of us. Today, I will cover three areas of focus. First, our earnings progress, then a financing update, including our Energy Systems Group transaction and further reduction in floating rate debt. And finally, as Dave introduced, a positive revision to our capital plan. Now let's start with the financial results on Slide 8. As mentioned, we are reaffirming our full year 2023 guidance range of $1.48 to $1.50 of non-GAAP earnings per share which reflects 8% growth over full year 2022 non-GAAP EPS of $1.38 when using the midpoint. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.17 for the second quarter of 2023. Our non-GAAP EPS results for the first quarter removed the results of our now divested non-regulated business, Energy Systems Group. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.28 for the second quarter of 2023 compared to $0.31 in the second quarter of 2022. Combined with the first quarter, we have now achieved 52% of our full year guidance at the midpoint. Growth in rate recovery contributed $0.07, largely driven by continued recoveries through our electric DCRF capital tracker filed last year and our electric transmission tracker or TCOS in our Houston Electric territory, which went into rates last November. In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area, extending the long-term trend of 1% to 2% average annual growth. O&M was flat for the second quarter and $0.02 favorable year-to-date when compared to the first half of '22 as we continue to find ways to operate more efficiently to target O&M reduction by 1% to 2% per year on average, while remaining focused on meeting our customers' needs. These favorable drivers were offset by an $0.08 increase in interest expense. The continued rising interest rate expense on short-term borrowings was the primary driver for this unfavorability when compared to the second quarter of last year. However, we continue to make progress in reducing our short-term floating rate debt exposure, which I will discuss in more detail shortly. We believe our plan has sufficient conservatism built in to help us overcome these ongoing pressures. Weather and usage were $0.02 unfavorable when compared to the same quarter of 2022, primarily driven by a combination of sustained record-breaking temperatures during Q2 of 2022 when compared year-over-year to the milder April and May weather in both our Houston and Indiana Electric territories this year. However, this trend did change in Houston in mid-June. Next, I cover some financing and credit related topics on Slide 9. As of the end of the second quarter, aligning with Moody's methodology, our FFO to debt was 13.9% as reported. We remain focused on the balance sheet as we target 14% to 15% through 2030. Essentially, we are targeting around 150 basis points of cushion from our downgrade threshold of 13% and we will continue to explore opportunities to strengthen the balance sheet in this rising rate environment. Another area in which we've been executing well is in the reduction of our exposure to floating rate debt. In the first quarter, we reduced floating rate debt by nearly $2 billion through the receipt of Winter Storm Uri proceeds and refinancing floating rate debt to fixed term issuances at the operating companies. We carried this momentum into the second quarter as we reduced floating rate debt by an additional $200 million to approximately 14% of total debt outstanding. That's nearly a 50% year-to-date reduction relative to where we ended 2022. The primary drivers of this reduction were the receipt of the approximately $340 million in securitization proceeds related to the retirement of A.B. Brown, the proceeds of the previously mentioned Energy Systems Group, along with the collection of elevated gas costs incurred in the latter part of 2022. As a reminder, we are carrying approximately $400 million of debt at the parent, which was issued to fund our higher equity layer at Houston Electric and Texas Gas as we head into rate cases. And as we get to the other side of the rate cases, we will either begin recovering at this higher equity content or delever. From the moment I arrived here at CenterPoint, one of my primary areas of focus as we work through our industry-leading growth plan is maintaining the strength of the balance sheet especially in the current interest rate environment. I look forward to working with the team here not only to execute one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry, but also maintaining a strong balance sheet. Coming back to the divestiture of Energy Systems Group. We divested one of our few remaining non-regulated businesses, Energy Systems Group, or ESG, and closed the transaction within Q2, ESG and Energy Services business that implement efficiency solutions through infrastructure and other solutions. It was acquired in the [indiscernible] acquisition in 2019 and was part of its non-regulated portfolio. However, as we've sharpened our focus on our regulated utility businesses, it made sense to find a more natural owner for this business. As a result of this divestiture, today, non-regulated businesses account for less than 5% of our earnings. We are grateful to the employees for their tremendous work and believe they'll have further success under their new owners. We received after-tax proceeds of $121 million from the sale of ESG. The combination of these proceeds as well as those received from the Indiana securitization will help to reduce near-term floating rate debt exposure as well as provide incremental financing flexibility to help fund our capital plan including the additional $400 million capital investments we anticipate making this year. Let me now focus a bit on our CapEx enhancements on Slide 10. For the benefit of our customers and communities, we invested $1.2 billion this quarter and $2.3 billion year-to-date across our various service territories. This represents 64% of our beginning of the year target of $3.6 billion for 2023. We are updating our 2023 capital target from $3.6 billion to $4 billion. This results in an increase to $43.4 billion for our 10-year capital plan target that goes through 2030. This capital increase is a result of having greater visibility operationally to resource additional work and improvements to financing and recoveries. As it relates to the remainder of the balance of the $2.6 billion in incremental capital opportunities, that we have not yet incorporated into the plan, as Dave said, we are now confident in our ability to identify opportunities well beyond this amount. We have communicated that we will include incremental amounts when we can operationally execute, efficiently fund and efficiently recover. We have also stated that the previous $43 billion capital plan we set forth through 2030 does not require external equity funding. The remainder of the incremental amounts beyond today's increase will require some additional financing that is not currently contemplated or reflected in our plan. As we continue to evaluate when to fall in the remaining $2.6 billion and beyond, we will also target the optimal way to finance such investments. Our focus on delivering work affordably has not changed, and we will seek to continue to prudently deploy this capital while being mindful of customer charges. We continue to target our customer charges at Houston Electric to be equal to or less than the historical inflation rate of 2%. We believe we are able to achieve this through Houston's tremendous organic growth, securitization charges rolling off the bill later next year and our plan to reduce O&M 1% to 2% per year on average. I'd like to reiterate the earlier point that while these incremental investments undoubtedly add to the earnings power of the company. This management team will continue to be conservative as it relates to updates to earnings guidance. We are focused on delivering industry leading, sustainable earnings growth year-over-year through 2030. As stated, looking beyond 2023, and from the reaffirmed 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.48 to $1.50, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% in 2024 and at the mid to high-end of 6% to 8% annually, thereafter through 2030. Those are my updates for the quarter. And before turning it back over to Dave, I want to say again how excited Im sitting in my new seat here at CenterPoint. I felt so welcomed by the excellent management team here. I believe that even with some of the headwinds our sector is facing, our tailwinds exceed the headwinds, and we have a tremendous amount of opportunity in front of us. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: As you heard from us today, we now have 13 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated premium utility and on a course to continue execution of our current plan with incremental growth opportunities to support our customers beyond that.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Dave. Operator, we will now turn it back to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan Securities. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Jeremy. How are you?
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Thank you. Just diving in a little bit more on the CapEx increase here, with the $400 million CapEx increase in Texas legislation benefit, how do these items position you on an EPS basis relative to your current guidance? And can you walk us through the timing and magnitude of these benefits? And are there any hurdles to formalizing in the growth outlook here?
Dave Lesar: Yes. Let me give you maybe a 50,000 foot view of how we see the sort of recent legislative outcomes and then Jason can go into more of the details. But clearly, point one would be it was a very successful legislative session that is going to clearly benefit our customers and our other stakeholders and, of course, shareholders over time. I think it's important though to understand that these laws will basically get layered in over different time frames and Jason can add a little color on that. But I think the real point is the one that Chris sort of ended his comments with this is just really another tailwind for CenterPoint going forward. So we really like the outcome. We think it's going to be great for everybody. But Jason, maybe you can give a little more color in and around the timing and potential impact.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Dave, and thanks for the question, Jeremy. Clearly, the incremental capital we forwarded [ph] in the plan, the successful legislative session just continue to further strengthen what we believe is already the industry's lest financeable long-term growth plan. Maybe more specifically answer some of your questions, the bills that I highlighted in my prepared remarks, take us -- take a significant step in terms of reducing regulatory lag and helping us or closer to our allowed return when using kind of our year-end rate base. The benefit of the two DCRFs per year will somewhat be a function of the capital spend. But that benefit when you couple it with the recovery of incentive comp should be roughly $0.05 to $0.07 per year. And the earnings benefit for the resiliency bill will obviously be shaped through the rule making proceeding and our eventual filing. But I think a good rule of thumb is it should have at least $0.01 benefit for every $300 million of CapEx eligible for that resiliency definition. And so in terms of kind of when we should feel the impact and timing of those benefits, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we will likely file a second DCRF this year. So that will, on a full year basis, begin impacting earnings in 2024. The remainder of earnings benefits from these recent legislations will likely follow our rate case. So think about those sort of flowing into our plan or in 2025 and beyond. And so at the end of the day, this continues to be yet kind of another tailwind that just further strengthens an already great plan.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's great to hear there. And maybe just looking at the regulatory calendar more broadly here, some of the rate case timing has shifted. And just wondering if you could speak more to the regulatory calendar over the next 18 months and really how you see these cases setting up the business for the period thereafter?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. It's going to be a busy period of rate case, regulatory activity. Let me just quickly run through those. As we talked about in our prepared comments, we've shifted the timing of our Texas Gas rate case to likely November this year. Right about that same time, we will be filing our Minnesota rate case and Indiana Electric Rate case as well, and then we'll likely follow that with the Houston Electric rate case probably sometime late first quarter next year. And so obviously, there's a number of rate cases that we'll have in front of us. I want to continue to reemphasize though given the great work the company has done managing O&M, I anticipate, particularly in the Texas gas and the Houston Electric rate case, filing a relatively flat revenue requirement increase, which I think will be a constructive signal for resolution of those cases. On the Minnesota Gas case, that's a case we file every 2 years and really just sort of reflects the capital that we intend to spend to modernize our gas system up in Minnesota. And then Indiana Electric, much of the capital that will be subject to that case is already been reviewed as part of some of our regular ongoing files with respect to our grid modernization program as well as our generation transition plan. So while it's a very busy upcoming regulatory calendar, we continue to feel like we are putting our best foot forward for our customers and our shareholders.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks. And last one, if I could here. With the recent Indiana IRP filing, just wondering how has a stakeholder engagement trended into the formal launch here? Is there any notable early highlights on this front?
Jason Wells: I'm really proud about the team's efforts with respect to engaging our stakeholders up in Southwestern Indiana. I think that there was a lot of good feedback on the depth of the conversations on the alternatives that were considered. And so I feel like we are putting a plan that has probably the opportunity for the broadest possible support going forward to close that third and final coal facility. Again, I just want to reemphasize, the plan we are putting forward is the least cost option to continue to serve our customers up in Southwestern Indiana with a reliable and cleaner energy supply mix. And I think that will come through as we work our way not only through the IRP, but then ultimately, the filings for each of those projects.
Jeremy Tonet: Very helpful. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. If I could hit up, Dave, and maybe a follow-up with Chris. Dave, I just want to tough loss last night against the Crosstown Rival there, quarter was better than a game. But just, I guess, on Jeremy's question about moving to more towards 2023, just the headwinds and tailwinds that you're seeing for just 2023. I mean you're coming in first half of the year at, I guess, like $0.58, leaning above the midpoint of where guidance would be just first half of the year. What are the tailwinds that get to maybe slightly above or just maybe address what are the tailwinds or headwinds for the remainder of '23?
Dave Lesar: Yes. How about -- let me -- let Chris answer his first question as a CenterPoint CFO on that one, because he's the one who every day has to track the headwinds and the tailwinds. But I would just say as I think a number of us have reiterated, we believe that the tailwinds are greater than the headwinds on us right now. But I'll let Chris tell you why.
Chris Foster: Yes. Thanks, Dave, and Anthony, thanks for the question. And as you heard me in the prepared remarks, we are beyond the halfway point here, we are beyond halfway through our EPS guidance. And there's a couple of different things I want to point out for you. First is just emphasizing that as you look at the back half of the year, we've got another roughly $220 million in additional revenues from the 2022 distribution investments and our assumption around the mobile generation filing. And so those are either just updated or we anticipate those will be recovered later this year. So those are good tailwinds because really they're just weighted toward the back half of the year. Weather has been more of a mixed bag for us, definitely been trending nicely of late and the impact of the milder winter we had across our jurisdictions in Q1 has been a bit offset from the hotter summer thus far, which has specifically been the case here in Houston. And if Houston remains hot, the weather impacts we are seeing are kind of normalizing some of what we are seeing for the balance of the year. And I should say we are generally conservative when we are incorporating weather impact into our plan in the first place. It's no surprise on the headwind side that they're really interest rate driven. As you can imagine, we've been actively working those since last year. And so we continue to assume high rates as we go through the remainder of the year. And we are taking active steps, you've probably seen to move and improve our position. One of those is the move to fund [indiscernible] on a standalone basis. And there, we were reducing its reliance on roughly $450 million of intercompany debt from the parent, right? So that allows us to take advantage of the relative lower cost of debt, thanks to its high ratings. So we collectively put these together, we like where we are at this stage of the year.
Anthony Crowdell: And then just a follow-up on Slide 9. You kind of addressed it on the prepared remarks on the, I guess, credit ratings. We see a decline from 4Q '22 15 for the 39. I think maybe that trends back to 14% to 15%. But just what's the thought between the potential for maybe upgrade to Baa1 versus a fatter cushion at a Baa2 rating?
Chris Foster: Sure. So let me just start with the 39 that we are talking about this morning is in line with our plan. And so we have consistently anticipated this quarter really was going to be the trough for a couple of reasons. First is on the debt side. We've got an incremental of roughly $1 billion of debt in line that's directly in line with feeding our capital plans, and we were front loading -- excuse me, we were front loading funding at the start of the year. Then if you look at the cash flow side, as we previously mentioned, the annual revenue requirement increases of roughly $430 million this year are anticipated. So over $200 million of that is going to become effective from September onwards toward the back end of the year. So if you combine these with higher weather receipts, we see it being additive to the balance of the year's operating cash flows. On the -- has to do also have to say on the qualitative side, as we are making progress on some of these legislative and then regulatory implementation outcomes, we do see some benefit there over time as we're spending time at the rating agencies.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Shar.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. I guess, Dave, just first off, can you just touch a little bit on what you meant in your prepared remarks, I'm going to paraphrase a little bit here that you now see opportunities well above the $2.6 billion CapEx that remains outside of the plan. I guess can you define kind of what you mean by well above and the source of the opportunities? So what states are you seeing those? And do you anticipate some of that $400 million increase in '23 to be recurring CapEx in the later years as we are thinking about kind of the run rate?
Dave Lesar: Yes, good question. Let me have Jason answer that one.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Shar, for the question. We've indicated since in our very first Analyst Day that we think that there are a significant number of capital investments that we can make there in our customers' interest and Dave's expression of capital investments beyond the $2.6 billion that we've kind of identified but not yet incorporated in the plan, continue to reflect that confidence, it really kind of runs the gamut across our gas and electric business. We'll start first with sort of resiliency. We incorporated a significant uplift around particularly enhancing grid resiliency here in Houston Electric last year. But I think that there's a potential for more to be done there. I think when we look at the electric transmission side, I think here in the state of Texas, I think all stakeholders will support the fact that there is more transmission needed to help alleviate congestion and help support the continued economic growth of the Greater Houston area. So there's a potential for electric transmission side. I think there are also opportunities on the gas side, particularly kind of given the continued growth of our gas systems potentially incremental gas transmission-related projects as we kind of enhance capacity to serve kind of our growing market. So those are just a handful of the opportunities. I think for us, there is an abundance of opportunities in CapEx. Our focus will continue to be as we've emphasized evaluating whether or not we can efficiently execute it for our customers. We can efficiently finance it for our shareholders and that we can efficiently recover it in rates. And I think we as a management team earned a track record of floating capital into the plan, as soon as we see line of sight on all three of those dimensions. Case in point today, we are increasing our annual guidance here for 2023 by 11%. As it relates to what $400 million increase we do going forward. I do think it puts us in a position to more consistently execute in this higher level of capital moving forward. We are just continuing to evaluate our ability to finance it efficiently and recover it timely, particularly given the fact that we are entering a pretty heavy rate case period, where during that time frame, we don't have access to some of these capital trackers that we've been discussing.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. So Jason, lastly, and you bring up a good point of getting a lot of questions this morning on the efficient financing angle of it, right? And obviously, you guys still mentioned no equity and plan. You guys are kind of at the lower end of that target range as we are thinking about credit metrics. I guess what do you mean by efficient financing? Is there any kind of balance sheet repair embedded in the current plan, internal or external? And what does sort of incremental regulated asset sales kind of fit in the mix there? Thank you very much, guys.
Jason Wells: Yes. Let me just be very direct. There's no balance sheet repair on the plan. I do think that this focus kind of on our set of credit metrics is -- I don't know. I'll say respectfully a bit displaced. I would rather continue to maintain a healthy cushion between our actual metrics and our downgrade threshold, that remains our commitment targeting, as we've previously discussed around 150 basis points. Some of peer companies that are often cited for having better credit metrics while they may have a higher targeted set of credit metrics, they also have a higher downgrade threshold, they have less cushion. What we are focused on is retaining this healthy cushion between where we are running the company and our downgrade threshold. So our focus has been on delevering this year. Chris highlighted a number of different opportunities where we've also termed out variable rate debt as we are in a period of transition this year with a number of strategic transactions. We will continue to look at opportunities to do that. And again, I just want to emphasize what Chris said about our credit metrics at the end of the second quarter. The end of the second quarter is the period of time just the way our capital recovery mechanisms work, we have sort of the tightest set of credit metrics. Our -- the revenues we get from our capital trackers are definitely back end loaded. And so you will undoubtedly see an improvement in those metrics as we start to collect on the capital that we deployed in 2022 here in the back half of 2023.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, perfect. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Mr. Foster, congrats on your first CenterPoint earnings call. Thanks guys.
Chris Foster: Appreciate it, Shar. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you very much for the time. Hope you guys are doing well. So I just wanted to follow-up here on the last set of questions, including Shar. Just talking about the -- if you want to call it the new norm here, I wanted to clarify a little bit. As you think about this elevated level of spending, more likely post the next rate case, right, given the recovery dynamics in '24. I just want to clarify, in setting expectations following the last comments. And then to that end, how do you think about the associated financing considerations or opportunities in '25 -- post this rate case? If you could address that a little bit, how do you think about balancing both sides of that equation here into '25? And I got a follow-up.
Dave Lesar: Yes, that's a great question for Chris to answer.
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien. You're right in terms of the thinking about the rate case time frame. If you just step back and look at the kind of last case among the ones that Jason referenced earlier would be the Houston Electric case. So we'd be filing that anticipating Q1 of 2024, anticipate somewhere around a year to get it resolved. So that timing would put us somewhere in Q1 of 2025 where we would be on the other side of really the critical mass of all these cases that are in front of us. And so that put us probably at that stage to be in a position to give everybody a more robust update with respect to really the plan through 2030 and with the potential for extending earnings guidance targets really beyond that as we'll have greater visibility at that stage. In terms of financing, I have to say, I mean, Jason mentioned our emphasis really on maintaining the cushion as it relates to FFO to debt. You should also just keep in mind that we are consistently looking at really the debt stack that we have present state and efficiently financing that. But also, we are also evaluating opportunities like the DOE loan program as well, right? At this stage, looking to pulling other opportunities to create financing that is actually cheaper for our customers. So a lot of opportunity there in front of us.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thanks for clarifying that. And then coming back to this resiliency filing, I mean it would seem like a lot of your capital that is non-growth would potentially be eligible for this resiliency filing. Can you talk a little bit about the extent of that eligibility here as you think about it? And also how that resiliency filing could filter into: a, your -- any potential further CapEx revisions; and b, into the rate case itself? I know they might be somewhat in parallel here, if you will.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Julian. Ultimately, this is going to be defined by the rule making proceeding that's kind of in front of the commission now. Those rules should be established by the end of '23 and then ultimately our filing, but let me just kind of try to put some high-level thoughts around this. I think clearly, some of the investments related to hardening our grid rate potential undergrounding and distribution lines, shorter spans, composite [indiscernible], et cetera, that all fits sort of squarely in the definition of resiliency. I think there's also clearly work that can be incorporated through [indiscernible] management. I think what we need to work with the commission on is maybe some other aspects, including kind of IT-related spending help from an analytical standpoint and/or reduce concern around kind of IT kind of resource availability for weather-related events. And so I think conservatively, you could probably say there's at least $500 million to $1 billion a year of capital at CE that could qualify for that resiliency definition, ultimately, again, it's going to be shaped by the related proceeding in our filing, but probably somewhere in that ZIP code. I think what's important, I think you highlighted it, Julien, the way the mechanisms work here in Texas, the company is eligible for recovering or effectively keeping the growth and revenues associated with customer account increases. And so about half our capital at CE relates to connecting new customers. So if you think about that supports a higher level of revenues, there's really very limited regulatory lag on that growth related capital, where we've historically seen our regulatory lag is on our resiliency related investments having to kind of wait for the capital trackers to come in. By being able to defer the carrying costs of those investments, depreciation, interest, et cetera, between a time we put that capital into service and before we start to recover in rates, we are all but effectively beginning to eliminate regulatory lag at CE. And so I just want to underscore just how important this bill was to continuing to improve our ability to earn at our allowed return at Houston Electric. And so hopefully, that kind of starts to begin to shape a little bit of that resiliency filing, but more to come as the PUCT [ph] works through the rulemaking and we ultimately file first quarter next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right, guys. Thank you very much. Good luck. Speak soon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
David Arcaro: Hi, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, David.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
David Arcaro: Good morning. Let's see, we've seen some indications of gas utilities on the market in terms of M&A potential. I was just wondering your latest thoughts on the mix of businesses, balance sheet and how they could weave into funding needs over time?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, David, for the question. We love our business mix. We strategically as part of kind of the reset several years ago that we have a slight bias towards sort of the growth in the electric business here in Houston. But our split of roughly, call it, 60% electric, 40% gas is I think a very good split. That being said, as it kind of gets back to sort of your broader question, as we've indicated on previous responses to questions here, we don't have a need for equity to fund our plan. We don't have a need for asset sales. We continue to receive a significant amount of inbound interest on all of our assets. Obviously, there's a number of processes sort of underway across the country. I think it continues to reflect that there's a high demand for at least high-quality utility-related assets. So we don't have any need to sell any assets. We are happy with our profile, but we will always continue to have an eye towards optimizing our plan for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I guess -- this is Dave. I guess the way I think about it, I think you should think about it is we are in such a great position right now with the assets we have we can just sit back and play offense. We don't have to play defense at this point in time, which really gives us an opportunity to be very opportunistic with our business as we go forward. So I think that, for me, is the bottom line is we really have preserved almost all our optionality on any direction we want to go. And as Jason said, the inbound inquiries we get on essentially every piece of our business continue to be there every day. So we really like where we are, but we really don't have to do anything other than execute, I think, which is the greatest plan that's out there in the utility space.
David Arcaro: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. And then I was wondering if you could just give thoughts on the Indiana Electric rate case coming up later this year. In terms of that filing, I was just wondering if you'd expect there to be big items or revenue requirement specifics? Or would this be a fairly standard kind of growth driven rate case that you'd expect to file?
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, David. I appreciate the question. I mean I think largely it will be a rate case where we have signaled and actually previewed with the commission stakeholders, many of the elements. I think there are a number of constructive mechanisms out in Indiana. For instance, our grid related investments in our transmission and distribution system, we made a separate filing in advance. We then execute upon it and report. And so this will be sort of a true-up of the execution of a plan that we've already filed and reviewed several times with the commission. Similarly on the generation transition plan, not only have we filed an IRP, but then we filed for the individual project approvals. So much of the kind of element of that case will already be reviewed between the -- with all the key stakeholders. That being said, rates continue to be a focus in Southwestern Indiana. And I would anticipate that will be part of the conversation there as we file the case.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Makes sense. Thanks so much.
Jackie Richert: Operator, given the proximity to the end of the hour, I think we have time for one more.
Operator: Our last question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in here. Just one question for me. You obviously have a lot of [indiscernible] here. You mentioned no equity for the plan, $43 billion. You mentioned that you may need some equity as we go beyond that. Just any sort of color you can provide on timing. Historically, like Q3 last year, you provided a big CapEx update. Just any color on timing when we could see the big CapEx update and potentially a new financing plan? Is it after you go through the rate cases? Any color would be appreciated there. Thank you.
Chris Foster: Hi, Durgesh, thanks for the question. In short, yes, we've got a really important set of cases that are right here in front of us. Jason mentioned how well we are positioned going into them given the affordability profile for our customers. But that really is going to be where the short-term emphasis is. So I really would kind of direct you towards the back end that I referenced, where we are going to be in a really good position at that stage with the clarity provided through all those cases to be able to revisit some of those targets and give you a better feel for how we'll finance them. But I have to say, as you heard this morning, it's really -- we are going to consistently look at this as we go, right? As we find opportunities to efficiently execute to fund them and recover the revenues. We're going to consistently see if there's opportunity to pull in some of the capital as referenced earlier. So hopefully, that helps give you some color.
Durgesh Chopra: It does. Thanks, Chris, and congrats on your first CenterPoint earnings call. Thanks guys.
Chris Foster: Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Great. Operator, with that, I think that's going to conclude our call here for the second quarter of 2023. Thanks, everyone, for dialing in.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for participating.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to the CenterPoint Energys First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert.
Jackie Richert: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoints earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our President and COO, will discuss the companys first quarter 2023 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on todays call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found on the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we will use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now Id like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Good morning and thank you to everyone joining us for our first quarter 2023 earnings call. Although its been only a few short months since our last call, we continue to see exciting developments here at CenterPoint. First and foremost, the first quarter of 2023 represents yet another quarter of execution. Now our 12th consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding expectations. This morning, we announced first quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.50 per share. In addition, we are also reaffirming our 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance target of $1.48 per share to $1.50 per share, which represents an 8% growth over last years actual non-GAAP EPS. As a reminder, we grew non-GAAP EPS 9% in both 2021 and 2022. Additionally, we aim to grow at 8% in 2024 and at the mid- to high-end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. Additionally, we continue to execute on our long-term capital plan for the benefit of both customers and investors. During the quarter, we deployed approximately $1 billion of the $3.6 billion capital we have planned for this year, a great way to start the year. Jason will say more on this a bit later. As we continue on our path of executing for the benefit of both customers and investors, I want to highlight that we are now in the third year of consistently delivering under this management team. This has resulted in an increase in investments to further the safety, reliability and resiliency of our systems to benefit our customers. Its also provided consistent execution and growth for our investors. We are proud of this effort and look to extending this performance well into the future. Along with another quarter of execution, we announced a new CFO a few weeks ago. A little over two years ago, I had the pleasure of announcing Jason Wells at CenterPoints CFO. Since that time, Jason has not only been a key contributor in developing what we believe is one of the industrys best growth plans, but hes also been a driving force behind its execution. Now as Jason continues his management progression in his role as President, I am excited to introduce Chris Foster as CenterPoints next Chief Financial Officer. Chris, of course, is well known to most of you and while we had many quality candidates, we undoubtedly believe we found the right person for this important job. Throughout the search process, Chris continued to impress us with a strong reputation with investors, deep industry knowledge and his passion for delivering for customers. In fact, my discussions with Chris reminded me of the ones I had with Jason during our interview process a couple of years ago. Chris will shortly join the leadership team to help continue the execution of our premium growth plan for years to come. He will also add depth to an already very strong management team. Chris is with us here today and sitting in on this call. So while we cant yet give him a speaking role, he is clearly getting ready to hit the ground running and I hope you will all join me in welcoming Chris to CenterPoint. Lastly, I want to touch on a couple of constructive regulatory outcomes we had in our Texas Gas and Electric jurisdictions. Starting with Texas Gas. During the quarter, we received approximately $1.1 billion of securitization proceeds related to the extraordinary gas costs incurred in Texas during Winter Storm Uri in 2021. As a reminder, these bonds are issued by the State of Texas and are not on our balance sheet. Although the receipt of these proceeds was delayed longer than we had initially anticipated, we are grateful for the diligent work and careful consideration by all stakeholders to reach this constructive resolution for the benefit of both Texas Gas customers and Texas LDC operators. With relation to our Houston Electric business, the PUCT approved our first application for the recovery of the costs incurred in 2021 on our leased emergency temporary mobile generation units during its open meeting on March 9th. The PUCTs approval of the use of these units is a great result for our Houston area customers as it highlights the commissions awareness of the important role of this critical tool can play to help mitigate the number and duration of customer outages during extreme weather events. We at CenterPoint also understand the need for a resilient grid as we hear from stakeholders throughout our Houston Electric Service Territory about the continued importance of reliable energy and for very good reason. As economic data from 2022 continues to come in, one thing is clear, Houstons economic engine continues to run at a blistering pace. After recovering some of the economic impact of COVID, the Greater Houston area GDP in 2022 was approximately $482 billion or over $1.3 billion per day, up nearly 4% from 2021. The Greater Houston area was also the second fastest-growing metropolitan area in the U.S. last year. While many may think that Houstons economic growth is primarily driven by the 24 Fortune 500 companies headquartered here, Houstons small business community is also a significant contributor to its nations leading growth rate. Last month marked the fifth consecutive quarter that Houston topped the Paycheck Small Business Employment Watch Index. This consistent job creation and wage growth continues to attract new talent from all over the United States. This only further fuels the strong organic growth in our Houston Electric Service Territory. According to U-Haul relocation data, unsurprisingly, last year, Texas was the number one destination for people moving residences and has been for five years out of the last seven years. Outside of Texas, cities in our Indiana Service Territory continued to thrive as well. Lafayette, Indiana, which is in our North Indiana Gas Service Territory topped last years Wall Street Journals Emerging Housing Market Index, which identifies top metro areas for homebuyers seeking an appreciating housing market, a strong local economy and appealing lifestyle amenities. The Lafayette area is a manufacturing hub and home to Purdue University. Our portfolio of premium jurisdictions and strong organic growth, O&M discipline and securitization charges rolling off of our Houston Electric customers bills enables us to invest in industry-leading growth for the benefit of our customers, while keeping charges at or below the historic level of inflation of 2%. In fact, over the last 10 years, Houston Electric customer charges have increased less than 1% a year on average, well below the rate of inflation during the same period. And although there may be certain periods when the increase in charges outpaces that historical level, we believe our charges will continue to stay in line or below inflation over the long-term. Although we feel confident in our plan we have outlined through 2030, we certainly recognize and are dealing with the headwinds our industry has faced over the past several quarters. These include higher interest rates, inflation and specific to this quarter, milder winter weather. However, we believe we have the right team in place to successfully manage through these headwinds that we are currently facing today. In closing, the first quarter of 2023 was a great start to the year, as the non-GAAP EPS of $0.50 that we announced this morning represents over a third of our full year 2023 earnings guidance at the midpoint. We believe this sets us up for a great year as we reaffirm our 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.48 to $1.50. With that being said, we remain committed to focusing on execution for 2023 and beyond to the benefit of both our customers and our investors. With that, I am going to turn the call over to Jason, who for the last time, has to wear his CFO hat.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our first quarter call. Before I get into our financial results for the quarter for the final time wearing what Dave refers to as my CFO hat, I want to join him in welcoming Chris Foster as he assumes his new role. As I am sure many of you know, I have known Chris for a number of years and I have no doubt that he will be an excellent addition to an already strong management team here at CenterPoint. I look forward to his official start date and partnering with Chris to continue to execute on what we believe is one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. Now turning to the first quarter financial results shown on slide five. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.49 for the first quarter of 2023. Our non-GAAP EPS excludes small trailing earnings impacts of previous divestitures. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.50 for the first quarter of 2023, compared to $0.47 in the first quarter of 2022. As Dave mentioned, this accounts for over a third of our full year guidance at the midpoint. Growth in rate recovery contributed $0.09, largely driven by our electric distribution capital tracker filed last year, the DCRF mechanism and our electric transmission tracker, the TCOS mechanism at Houston Electric. In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area, continuing the long-term trend we have observed over the last three decades of 2% average annual growth. Additionally, O&M was $0.02 favorable when compared to the first quarter in 2022 as we continue to find ways to operate more efficiently to meet our goal of reducing O&M 1% to 2% per year on average, while remaining focused on meeting our customers needs. Lastly, other items such as miscellaneous revenue from nonregulated businesses, tax benefits and other items or another $0.02 favorable when compared in the first quarter of 2023 in the first quarter of 2022. These favorable drivers were partially offset by a $0.06 increase in interest expense due to rising interest rates and higher average floating rate debt balances. However, as I will discuss in a minute, we have reduced our floating rate debt exposure considerably since the end of 2022. In addition, as has been a common trend for our industry during the quarter, weather and usage was $0.04 unfavorable when compared to the same quarter of 2022, driven by a colder first quarter in 2022 as compared to the more milder winter weather in 2023, primarily in our Texas Gas, Houston Electric and Indiana Electric Service Territories. Looking at heating degree days during the quarter, there were approximately 350 fewer heating degree days below normal in our Texas Gas and Houston Electric Service Territories and approximately 550 fewer heating degree days below normal in our Indiana Electric Service Territory when compared to the first quarter of 2022. Fortunately, in our other jurisdictions, they are either fully decoupled or have a comparable weather normalization mechanism that helps mitigate the impact of the milder weather. As Dave mentioned, we are reaffirming our full year 2023 guidance range of $1.48 to $1.50 of non-GAAP EPS, which reflects 8% growth over full year 2022 non-GAAP EPS of $1.38 when using the midpoint. This, of course, comes on the heels of two straight years of 9% growth. Beyond 2023, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% in 2024 and target the mid-to high-end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. Our focus continues to be delivering strong industry-leading growth each and every year. Turning to capital investments on slide six. To the benefit of our customers during this quarter, we invested $1 billion across our various service territories. This represents over a quarter of our 2023 annual target of $3.6 billion. We continue to make progress towards our long-term goal of investing $43 billion of capital through 2030 to provide safe, reliable and resilient energy to all customers throughout our service territories. We have previously mentioned that we plan to formally incorporate up to $3 billion of additional identified capital opportunities when we believe we can operationally execute it, efficiently finance it and efficiently recover it. The decision as to when to deploy this capital is still in front of us and we will include it when we feel its right. As we have said before, this management team will not commit to something unless we believe we can deliver. Moving to a broader regulatory update on slide seven. Since the start of the year, we have had a number of regulatory filings, primarily in our Texas Gas and Houston Electric jurisdictions. Starting with Texas Gas, we filed our annual grips in which we requested an increased revenue requirement of $60 million. This filing seeks to recover on the capital investments we made in 2022, which were primarily related to system safety and support our ever growing service territories in and around Houston. It is anticipated that customer rates will be updated to reflect this investment sometime in June. Additionally, Houston Electric filed capital trackers for both its investments in transmission and distribution made in 2022. The transmission filing often referred to as TCOS, was filed in early March and requested a revenue requirement of approximately $40 million. If approved, it is anticipated this filing will be incorporated into our customer rates in May. With respect to our distribution filing, we filed our annual capital tracker, known as DCRF in the first week of April, requesting a revenue requirement increase of approximately $85 million. And in addition to the DCRF and TCOS, we filed for the remaining recovery of our leased temporary mobile generation units under a Temporary Emergency Electric Energy Facilities mechanism referred to as TEEEF with a revenue requirement of $188 million. As a reminder, the DCRF and TEEEF are filings that represent nearly $1.4 billion of capital deployed in 2022 in our Houston Electric service territory. They will not go into rates until September 1st, which skews incremental earnings towards the latter part of the year. We continue to invest for the benefit of our customers while remaining cognizant of bill impacts. We have been able to invest over the last 10 years, while keeping customer charge increases below the average rate of inflation during that time. In fact, since 2014, a Houston Electric charges have increased less than 1% annually on average, and we anticipate being able to execute our long-term capital plan with customer charges increasing at or below the historic level of inflation. Again, we will be able to achieve this through leveraging the continued organic growth of Houston, O&M discipline and securitization charges rolling off our customers bills. During the quarter, the PUCT approved our first application for a recovery related to our temporary emergency mobile generation units, as Dave mentioned earlier. I want to echo his sentiment regarding what we think is an overwhelmingly positive outcome for our customers. Using the last couple of years, as an example, the Houston area is subject to extreme weather events that can adversely impact service to our customers. The commissioners decision not only reflects their deep understanding of the need for increased power resiliency during these extreme weather events, but also their pragmatic approach to allowing utilities to use available tools designed to help mitigate its impacts on energy service for those living in the Houston area. Lastly, Id like to cover some credit related topics. As of the end of the first quarter, aligning with Moodys methodology, our FFO to debt as reported was over 14%, we continue to trend well in this area and fully expect to be in our annual target range of 14% to 15% throughout 2023. We ended the first quarter at 16% floating rate debt outstanding down $1.9 billion from the end of 2022. A few actions have led to this significant reduction. First, as Dave mentioned, during the quarter, we received securitization proceeds related to Winter Storm Uri, which we used to pay down some of the floating rate notes. We have now collected approximately 90% of the $2.1 billion of extraordinary gas costs incurred during Winter Storm Uri with approximately $230 million left to be collected in our Minnesota Gas business. Second, we issued nearly $2.3 billion of fixed rate debt at our operating company level in the first quarter, including our first ever green bond issuance at Houston Electric. Some of these issuances were used to refinance a certain amount of outstanding floating rate debt from year end that was undertaken for incremental investments that were made in the fourth quarter of 2022. We were able to successfully issue this debt despite the disruption in the banking sector. We believe this reflects our investors confidence in the strength of our balance sheet, long-term growth and this management teams ability to execute. As I touched on last quarter, we exited 2022 with an elevated amount of floating rate debt, some of which was driven by the cold December weather during which we purchased more gas at higher prices than we had forecasted. With that being said, this balance has been reduced as we collect from customers, albeit somewhat slower due to the milder winter. We anticipate collecting the majority of these gas costs by the end of the second quarter and we will continue to pay down floating rate debt as we recover these costs. These are my updates for the quarter. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you have heard from us today, we now have 12 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated premium utility and on a course to continue to deliver on incremental long-term growth opportunities to support our customers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
Operator: Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me?
Dave Lesar: Hi. Good morning, Shar. Can you hear us?
Shar Pourreza: Yes. Perfect. There was a little death spot there. Just a quick question on Texas -- the Texas legislator. Theres obviously been several regulatory update builds making traction at the legislature, I mean, including some of it around employee costs, approval of CPCN, storm costs, interim recovery mechanisms. I guess how do we think about some of these, Jason and David, in the context of your longer term plan, your 6% to 8%, what should we really be focused on and could any of these sort of unlock some of that $3 billion of incremental capital opportunity thats been out there? Thanks.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me take the first shot at that and then Jason can come in as you like. First of all, I dont want to front run anything that might come through the legislative process. Theres still about a month to go, and a lot can happen. But saying that, we have really appreciative of the support we have getting in the legislative process in this section to really benefit all Texas and certainly, the customers of CenterPoint. So there are some bills out there that I think would benefit customers. I think its important to keep in mind, though, that our -- the 6% to 8% growth we have out there really is predicated on the status quo. So I think as any of these things work their way through, it certainly will benefit customers primarily, but also CenterPoint.
Shar Pourreza: Got it.
Jason Wells: Shar, I would just
Shar Pourreza: Yeah.
Jason Wells:  add to your comment about the ability to unlock the $3 billion of incremental capital. A handful of these bills are credit accretive to our current plan, more timely recovery of some of our critical infrastructure related investments would allow us to continue to accelerate or fold in some of that $3 million that we have identified but not incorporated in the plan. So some of these bills not only give us the opportunity to recover that capital more timely, but to enhance our capital spend for the benefit of our customers. So as Dave said, we are following the legislative process, we have appreciative that the legislature is taking up these critical issues for all utility stakeholders, but we have not going to provide any specific update until the legislature is over and the governor had time to evaluate any bills that are passed.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then lastly was -- I mean, obviously, it was a clean quarter and it seems like you guys are offsetting some of the pressures like weather and interest rates despite some reliance on floating rate debt, which obviously in your prepared remarks its been stepping down. I guess how do we think about sort of the rest of the year, especially some of the near-term headwinds dont ease, how much of that sort of contingency have used up like O&M, especially in light of the inflationary pressures out there? Thanks.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Shar. I continue to think we have more tailwinds than we do have headwinds. Obviously, interest on a Q-over-Q basis stood out. But as I mentioned on the fourth quarter earnings call, we made a conservative assumption around interest expense in the 2023 plan and current interest rates are at or below the interest assumptions we have in our plan. So I dont see interest as -- is as significant a headwind to 2023, even though it will be a year-over-year variance. We continue to feel confident in the continued growth. We have seeing a steady trend of continued 2% customer growth here in the Houston area. We still have significant opportunities with respect to O&M. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have a number of capital trackers pending in front in many of our jurisdictions that will provide enhanced earnings power for the company in the latter half of the year. So we continue to feel, as I said, more tailwinds than headwinds and thats why we have reaffirming our guidance on todays call.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then, Jason, congrats to you and Chris on phase two, its a big one for CenterPoint. Thanks, guys.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Shar.
Jason Wells: Chris is smiling by the way.
Operator: Please standby for next question. Our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO. Your line is now open.
James Thalacker: Good morning and thank you for taking my question. Can you guys hear me?
Dave Lesar: Yeah.
Jason Wells: Yes. Good morning, James.
James Thalacker: Hey. Good morning. Hey. I was just curious with the conclusion of the Sempra-Oncor rate case, whether or not the outcome of that case has sort of maybe informed your thinking incrementally and how you might approach your upcoming general rate case later this year in the state?
Dave Lesar: Well, certainly, you take the lessons learned by watching the interaction with the PUC, watching the strategy that they use. But Oncor is Oncor and we have CenterPoint. And so we have sort of different needs. We have different outcomes. We have sort of different experiences. So I think we use it as a data point. But I think, all in all, we have got a great story to put forward in front of the PUC, we are in an entirely sort of different climate than the Oncor territory is. But as I said, we will take the lessons learned and use them, and we will put the best foot forward to show what a great company CenterPoint is and what we have done for customers with our investments over the past few years.
Jason Wells: James, if I can add, I want to reemphasize the point that I made on the fourth quarter call. I think we have in a pretty unique position here at CenterPoint given the teams strong work around O&M discipline. Such that as we look forward to filing this case later this year, we will likely file a relatively flat revenue requirement increase despite advocating for a higher cost of capital to attract the critical investment that stated here in Texas. And so I think we have in a pretty unique position having driven cost out of the business to be able to kind of advocate for benefits for all stakeholders.
James Thalacker: Great. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate it and congratulations on the good quarter.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, James.
Operator: Please stand by for next question. The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning to you all. Thank you very much. Appreciate it and congrats Chris.
Dave Lesar: Hi, Julien.
Chris Foster: Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Hey. So just pivoting here, how do you think about the ability to maintain that 14% debt metric beyond 2023 year, obviously, some slight tweaks from the slides here. Can you elaborate a little bit about how you have thinking about the balance sheet here today considering kind of the status quo, obviously, we saw some of the recent headlines around potential recycling unless you elaborate as you fit? And then related, perhaps, how do you think about funding that $3 billion CapEx upside and the timing there in considering what could be a protracted process for any kind of side growth?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks, Julien. Appreciate the questions. Theres no fundamental change in our view of the balance sheet. We have worked hard over the last several years to improve the cushion between where we were -- where FFO to debt metrics actually stand and our downgrade threshold, as I have indicated on previous calls, I believe, in running about 150-basis-point cushion at a minimum to remove any equity overhang risks. And I think under the current plan that we are able to achieve that. We have made a lot of progress reducing parent company debt as it relates to the percentage of total company debt. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have taken pretty substantial steps in this first quarter to reduce our variable rate exposure. So I continue to remain happy with sort of our trajectory. There are a handful of things that could potentially be credit accretive. As referenced it in some of the comments around the legislative process here in Texas, we have not going to formally update anything until we see the conclusion of those efforts. But the potential of recovering capital faster is both a benefit to the company, but also our customers in terms of moderate any rate impacts. So more to come on that front as the Texas legislature winds down. In terms of your question around some of the rumors, obviously, we dont comment on market rumors. I just want to reemphasize a couple of points. Our current $43 billion CapEx plan through 2023 does not require any incremental equity. So we dont need to sell any of our businesses. That said, we have got a great set of assets and routinely receive unsolicited interest. Thats why we have continued to emphasize that we believe that the market for gas LDCs remain strong. I think this management team has demonstrated routinely that we will always look to maximize ways for shareholder value. And so as it relates to your last point on the $3 billion of capital spend, I think that really is going to come down to finding ways to efficiently fund it and recover it. We have entering a period of time with these rate cases where we will likely not have access to some of our capital trackers as we prosecute those rate cases. Thats something that we have mindful of as we think about increasing our CapEx plan. But equally, we want to be able to fund it efficiently for our stakeholders and so that could come in the form of, as I said, maybe some of the credit accretive opportunities in the legislative session or potential outcomes in upcoming rate cases. So we have got a great plan in front of us and we continue to look at ways to potentially enhance it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thanks for the clarification there. And then if I can quickly to follow-up on the last one here. On the legislative side, just can you clarify a little bit on the timeline here? I mean, obviously, you have got a little bit of time to the end of the session here, but you have got certain perhaps thresholds that you have got to achieve here to move different bills, et cetera, at least to see them move. Can you clarify a little bit on what we should be seeing or expecting in terms of like the tenth time line to get some progress?
Jason Wells: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Julien. I mean I dont -- I think theres any sort of definitive time line. Its an important part to see kind of bill is moving. Obviously, the House and Senate are doing that. Theres still more than 30 days left in this session. And so I think all eyes are just -- theres a number of bills outside of those focus just on utility related issues and we have just trying to work with constructively with legislators and key stakeholders to advocate on behalf of our customers, but theres probably not any specific deadlines that I would point to at this moment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent guys. Thank you very much. [Inaudible] Cheers.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Please stand by for our last question. Our last question comes from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to revisit some of the local economic trends you referenced in the script. Just wondering how are these trends across your service story relative to growth expectations coming into the year, any deviations from original expectations?
Dave Lesar: I think that if you look back over the, say, last 30 years, the Houston area has sort of grown consistently 2% a year and we even saw that growth continue through COVID. So I think right now, we have really seeing more of the status quo. This is a really happening area in terms of attracting jobs. Its got a relatively low residential housing costs. Obviously have the tax advantages you have in Texas with no state income tax. You have low energy prices. So all of that adds up to continue, I think, to develop an ecosystem here in Houston that will continue to drive approximately 2% growth and thats really what we have in our plans. So we have not planning for any more or any less at this point.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful there. Thanks. And you also -- you mentioned continued feedback on resiliency needs. Could you speak a bit more about your thinking here, how its evolved, if at all? Does the current capital plan fully tackle what you would like to prioritize on the resiliency front or is there any potential here covered in the $3 billion incremental capital upside you have spoken to?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Jeremy, I appreciate the question. I think we have ramped up capital pretty considerably. A significant portion of that incremental capital is really dedicated to enhancing reliability and resiliency in helping kind of make the grid a little smarter, a little more self-healing to improve reliability, a little bit harder to withstand the impact of superior weather. I think that $3 billion is largely oriented to incremental resiliency work that we would like to hold in the plan when we can efficiently execute it and efficiently recover it and efficiently fund it. So we will continue to find ways to incorporate that enhanced resiliency spend over the coming years.
Dave Lesar: For those of you that are wondering, that rumbling in the background is its a terrible weather day here in Houston with lots of thunder and lighting. So I hope its not impacting the quality of the call here.
Jeremy Tonet: You guys coming through loud and clear. So thank you for that.
Dave Lesar: All right. Good.
Jackie Richert: Great. Well, Operator, I think thats going to conclude our call today. I appreciate everyone thats dialed in and look forward to catching up with everyone soon. Take care.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-17 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint's earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our COO, will discuss the company's fourth quarter and full year 2022 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-K, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on today's call. When providing guidance, we used a non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on the website. Now I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
David Lesar: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and thank you to everyone joining us for our fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. It's been nearly 2.5 years since I was appointed CEO here at CenterPoint. They have certainly been eventful, and I am pleased with the significant amount of progress that we have made to managing through a global pandemic, to operating through historically extreme weather, to now navigating the highest rate of inflation the U.S. has seen in the last four decades. I believe this is a management team that can take on and overcome any challenge. Since I got here, there really hasn't been a dull moment, but make no mistake, I love leading this company and its many great employees. Through these unprecedented times, CenterPoint employees stepped up and continued to deliver results for the benefit of our customers, communities and investors. And as most of you have seen, when Jason took over as CNP's President and COO on January 1, we made a few more management changes to make sure that we are creating a deeper bench and continuing to execute on our succession plan to create a company where our employees have the opportunity to be challenged, grow in their careers and help us execute our winning strategy. We have a more diverse leadership team than when I first started and one that has certainly become well regarded in the industry. I firmly believe that we have the right team to execute on what we believe is one of the most tangible, long-term growth plans in the industry. And of course, we continue to execute well. I'm happy to share that the fourth quarter of 2022 is our 11th consecutive quarter of meeting or exceeding earnings guidance expectations. Today, we announced fourth quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.28 and full year non-GAAP EPS of $1.38. This annual 9% growth rate over 2021 establishes a new higher base from which we will grow our annual earnings for the balance of our plan through 2030. Also keep in mind, we also grew non-GAAP EPS by 9% in 2021. At CenterPoint, we don't use CAGRs for our EPS growth. We are focused on growing off our delivered results each and every year. Today, we are also reaffirming our 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance range of $1.48 to $1.50, an 8% growth rate at the midpoint from the new higher base of $1.38. Jason and I believe in having transparency with our business operations, so we can present our investors visibility into our performance by having one of the tightest guidance ranges in one of the longest duration growth rate targets in the industry. I also want to highlight what else we accomplished just last year. We became a pure play regulated utility with the complete divestiture of our investment in Energy Transfer in March of 2022. For the benefit of our stakeholders, we recycle those sales proceeds back into our regulated businesses. As a result of this divestiture, well over 95% of our earnings now come from our regulated utility operations. We closed on the sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma LDCs for which we received a landmark valuation and once again, we were able to use the sale proceeds to further invest in our regulated businesses for the benefit of both our customers and investors. We completed the final few steps of our Vectren integration, which resulted in a better aligned operational and financing structure to benefit customers and investors going forward. Additionally, we've made great progress on our Indiana Integrated Resource Plan with the approval of the 460-megawatt gas plant earlier this year. The filings for several renewable projects, including our first wind project and as Jason will discuss, the regulatory approval for the first of its kind Indiana securitization of the A.B. Brown coal facility in early January of this year. As we progress on our IRP, we continue to advance towards achieving our net zero carbon emission goals. And finally - in the third quarter of 2022, we increased our 10 year capital plan by $2.3 billion, taking it from $40 billion plus through 2030 to now $43 billion through 2030 with a focus on additional investments in grid reliability and modernization. This $2.3 billion in additional planned capital should not only allow us to provide safer and more reliable energy for our customers, but should also allow us to continue to reduce O&M over the longer term, which additionally benefits both customers and investors alike. As we have stated in the past, the current capital plan can still be executed with no external equity issuance. On top of the $2.3 billion we formally added to our capital plan, we've also identified an additional $3 billion of other potential capital opportunities. As we've said, we will fold in this additional $3 billion of capital when we believe we can operationally execute it, efficiently fund it and minimize the regulatory lag associated in recovering it. 2022 was truly an exciting and productive year here at CenterPoint, and we are confident that this strong momentum will continue into the New Year. Now turning to our earnings guidance. As I stated at the top of my remarks, we earned $0.28 of non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter of 2022 and $1.38 for a full year 2022. This represents a 9% growth rate when compared to our 2021 non-GAAP utility EPS. We continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% in both 2023 and 2024 and in the mid to high end of the 6% to 8% thereafter annually through 2030. This is an industry leading growth rate. Jason will provide additional details regarding our financial results later. Now let's move to capital investments. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we deployed a CenterPoint record $1.6 billion of capital across our various jurisdictions, bringing our total capital invested for the year to $4.8 billion. The $1.6 billion of fourth quarter capital was approximately $200 million above what we previously indicated on our third quarter call. Some of this increase was due to initial investments made to facilitate the expansion of an already world-class facility, the Texas Medical Center, or TMC, as it begins its expansion to double its size over the next 5 years or so. Over those next 5 years, we are anticipating investing over $200 million in the TMC and surrounding community. These investments will consist of a large new substation and several system hardening projects, impacting and strengthening the resiliency in the TMC area. This will also include reinforcing transmission and distribution lines and strengthening current substation equipment. The expansion of the TMC exemplifies the continued growth in the Houston area as it remains an attractive city in which to live and work. So for those of you that worried that our organic growth would slow post-COVID, it just has not happened. Let's look at the numbers. Since the COVID recession, the state of Texas has added nearly 1.1 million jobs, a testament to the underlying fundamental strength of the Texas economy as a whole. Looking at things more locally. Amazingly, over the past year, the Greater Houston area saw record employment growth with an estimated 179,000 jobs added. It also saw its population increase by almost 300,000 people to nearly 7 million. This is now like adding a city the size of Irvine, California to our footprint in just 1 year. We see this trend continuing as the Texas miracle keeps humming along. Housing starts for the combined Houston and Dallas area over the last year saw a combined 153,000 housing permits in 2022, nearly 40,000 more units than the entire state of California during the same period, which has nearly 25 million more people. This business and residential organic growth continues to drive the potential for the additional upside to our existing $43 billion 10 year capital plan that I discussed earlier. Therefore, our plan also allows for flexibility and potential capital spend upside through 2030 and beyond as we see additional opportunities to support our customers own growth plans. This growth is just one of the reasons we believe we are uniquely positioned as a company. Despite the many moving parts impacting our plan, we remain confident in our continued ability to execute this industry-leading growth plan. We've taken a conservative approach to estimating organic growth and weather trends, among other assumptions, which we see as potential tailwinds to offset the headwinds of higher interest rates, inflation and other potential unknown issues that always arise in business. Additionally, our regulatory return assumptions across all of our jurisdictions are generally consistent with what we currently have approved by our various regulators, and we are using to manage our business today. With all that being said, one of our key priorities is always to limit the impact of our investments on customer bills, especially during these times of high inflation, rising interest rates and a potential recession. We believe our capital plan not only benefits customers from a service reliability standpoint, but also from an affordability perspective as well. For example, in the Houston area, which has the highest concentration of our planned capital spend through 2030, we anticipate that these investments, in combination with our O&M reduction goals, and securitization charges rolling off, should result in an average customer bill increase of only 2% or less per year, well below current inflation rates. We are also encouraged by the recent decline in natural gas prices, which should create some downward pressure on utility bills. We believe our capital plan around modernization of the grid here in Houston will enhance the customer experience for both our new and existing customers. It will also help accommodate the immense residential and industrial growth the Houston region is now experiencing. These investments should help reduce widespread outages and, in turn, reduce service calls. Fewer service calls, a more reliable system and a strong growing organic customer base in the Houston area is also the perfect combination for us to stay on our path of 1% to 2% average annual O&M reductions over the 10 years of our plan. Next, I want to also briefly discuss where we are in our CFO search. First, Jason and I have been thrilled with both the number and quality of the applicants for the CFO position. So far, the process has confirmed what we already knew: This is a really attractive job at a really great company. We are in the process of evaluating candidates to make sure we find someone who will provide a complementary skill set and be a good fit with the rest of our great team we already have in place. And so to close, 2022 was a great year here at CenterPoint, and all of our customers, employees and shareholders have a lot to celebrate. But we remain very much focused on building a long-term track record of execution for our investors and maintaining affordability for our customers. We continue to believe we have one of the most tangible growth plans in the industry as we are uniquely positioned with great opportunities to better serve our growing customer base. Continued organic customer growth, especially in the Houston area and our opportunities to reduce O&M give us confidence that we can execute our plan. I think I speak for all of us at CenterPoint, when I say that we are looking forward to 2023 and building upon an already strong premium utility investment thesis. Finally, I want to acknowledge and thank all of the CenterPoint employees for a job well done last year, especially those that work through the year-end holidays to ensure the lights stayed on for our customers during the record cold weather that hit millions across the U.S. and also the recent tornado that devastated the cities of Deer Park and Pasadena and surrounding communities in the Houston area. This tornado stayed on the ground for 18 miles and caused more damage than any tornado in Texas in the past 30 years. This management team and all of the employees here at CenterPoint understand our unique responsibility in all of our service territories and appreciate the opportunity to serve our approximately 7 million metered customers. With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter call. I want to echo Dave's thanks to all of our employees here at CenterPoint and express my sincere gratitude for the great work of our teams during these recent periods of inclement weather. From those who sacrificed their holidays so that customers throughout our service territories could enjoy theirs to those that helped recently resource service after the extreme tornado activity in late January. And now recently, the crews who have helped with the restoration efforts after the recent ice storms in other parts of Texas. It shows we have a committed and talented workforce dedicated to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. I'll start by covering the financial results for the quarter, shown on Slide 5. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.19 for the fourth quarter of 2022. As in previous quarters, our GAAP EPS results include a portion of the tax on the gain on sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs, which we are required under GAAP to recognize over the course of the full year. The quarterly results also include a onetime non=-cash charge of $0.06, net of tax, related to the derisking of our long-term pension exposure, which I'll discuss in more detail in a few minutes. On a full year basis, we reported $1.59 per share, which also included the gains from the sale of the previously mentioned gas LDCs in addition to the sales of the Energy Transfer common and preferred partnership units earlier this year. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.28 for the quarter of 2022 compared to $0.27 in the fourth quarter of 2021, and $1.38 for the full year of 2022 as compared to $1.27 for the full year of 2021. This is 9% growth on top of 2021, in which we also grew 9%. This is an industry-leading growth rate. Growth and rate recovery contributed $0.06, largely driven by continued rate recovery through our electric distribution capital tracker, the DCRF, and our electric transmission tracker, TCOS in our Houston Electric territory. In addition, we continue to see strong organic growth in the Houston area with another nearly 2% increase in residential growth over last year. Weather and usage for the fourth quarter was also a favorable $0.02 when compared to the same quarter of 2021, driven by a combination of extremely mild weather in the fourth quarter of 2021 as compared to a more seasonally normal weather in the fourth quarter of 2022. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense of $0.06, primarily driven by higher interest rates and $0.01 related to absorbing costs previously allocated to our midstream segment in 2021. I want to briefly touch on O&M for a moment. We continue to find savings opportunities to achieve our reduction target of 1% to 2% per year on average over the course of our 10 year plan through 2030. For the year, we were $0.02 unfavorable as compared to last year. However, as you will remember, due to favorable weather during last summer's hot months, we were able to pull forward O&M from 2023 for the benefit of our customers. This is consistent with the approach we used in 2021, and should we have weather benefits in 2023, we will certainly contemplate doing so again. Overall, I continue to remain pleased with our ability to drive efficiencies in our business and remain confident we can continue delivering on our goal of reducing O&M 1% to 2% annually on average. As Dave mentioned, we are reaffirming the full year 2023 guidance range of $1.48 to $1.50 of non-GAAP EPS, which reflects 8% growth over the full year 2022 non-GAAP EPS of $1.38 when using the midpoint of the previously increased guidance range. Beyond 2023, and from the reaffirmed 2023 guidance of $1.48 to $1.50, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% in 2024 at the mid to high end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. Our focus continues to be on delivering strong industry-leading growth each and every year. Turning to capital investments on Slide 7. As Dave mentioned, for the benefit of our customers, we invested $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter and $4.8 billion over the full year in 2022. This is a $1 billion or a 25% increase from the target we provided at last year's Analyst Day. Much of this increase was due to our nearly $500 million investment in our temporary emergency mobile generation units and the accelerated resiliency-related investments we pulled forward as part of the nearly $3 billion increase to our capital plan outlined on our third quarter earnings call. The capital that was pulled forward to 2022 included capital deployed in the fourth quarter to support the rapidly expanding Texas Medical Center. All of these investments are driven by our continued focus on safety, resiliency, reliability, growth and clean energy enablement of our service. Turning to our generation-related investments. We've made good progress on our current integrated resource plan, including the last filing for generation and owned wind project that we expect to come online sometime in 2024 or early 2025, and the IURC's approval of our 130-megawatt owned solar project, and we refiled PPAs associated with two solar facilities to accommodate various developer price increases. These projects, in addition to the ones already in service, total approximately 800 megawatts of expected owned and contracted solar generation, which tracks well against our IRP goals that called for approximately 700 to 1,000 megawatts of solar and approximately 300 megawatts of wind. As it stands for the current projects, we expect to own approximately 60% of our renewable generation and contract for the remaining roughly 40%. With that said, and with recent changes in law, namely the Inflation Reduction Act, the proportion of owned and contracted renewables may be different for additional projects included in our next IRP, which we plan to file in the middle of this year. This upcoming IRP should provide guidance on our remaining coal-fired assets. As we've mentioned before, as a foundation for this IRP, earlier this year, we conducted an all-source request for proposal where we received nearly 100 proposals from several dozen participants, including wind, solar and battery storage that will help inform our IRP process. We look forward to working with stakeholders through the IRP process to develop a constructive outcome for our customers that allows customers to achieve bill savings through efficient renewable generation rather than coal generation, which requires significant ongoing O&M expense. Moving to a broader regulatory update on Slide 8. We have securitization efforts continuing in a couple of jurisdictions. We anticipate receiving securitization proceeds in the coming months in Texas related to the incremental natural gas costs related to Winter Storm Uri, which will securitize approximately $1.1 billion of these costs. We had anticipated receiving these proceeds before year-end 2022, but it has been delayed. This delay has been driven by various stakeholders in Texas exploring alternatives, including potentially appropriating state surplus funds to pay this off in whole or in part for the benefit of our customers. We are supportive of this customer-focused process and anticipate resolution soon. In addition to the Texas securitization, we recently received approval for our Indiana securitization for approximately $350 million of costs related to the retirement of two coal facilities. This is a first-of-its-kind filing in Indiana allowing for more affordable transition to cleaner generation sources for the residents of Southern Indiana. We want to thank all stakeholders, including the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission in working through this unique process to achieve a constructive outcome for our customers. Beyond the securitizations, we will continue to recover the $78 million in Texas related to the traditional distribution capital portion of the DCRF, which went into rates [ph] in September. We recently received a proposal for a decision from the administrative law judges at the State Office of Administrative Hearings, an agency that is separate from the PUC, recommending to the PUC the disallowance of recovery of our temporary emergency generation units. We're disappointed in this proposed decision as we don't believe this is the correct reading of the law, and now that the case is back in front of the PUC for a final decision, we look forward to a constructive resolution in this case. As a reminder, we invested in these units following Winter Storm Uri, where more than half of our Houston area customers were without power for extended periods of time. Texas lawmakers acted quickly and decisively after that event to enact certain measures that would mitigate the impacts of severe weather to Texans. The passing of the bill will allow Texas T&D companies to use temporary emergency mobile generation, which can aid in reducing the number and or duration of outages during significant load shed events was perhaps the most significant mitigation measure passed into law following Winter Storm Uri. In fact, these units were deployed as recently as a few weeks ago to get children back into the classroom after previously discussed tornadoes cost outages throughout the Houston Metro area. And just last week, we set some of our units to Austin to be ready to assist in recovery efforts from the recent ice storms. We have and we will continue to advocate vigorously for the use of this critical tool for the benefit of our customers and in a manner that is consistent with the law. We expect a final ruling on our 2022 filing by the end of the first quarter. Lastly, to cover some credit-related topics. As of the fourth quarter, aligning with Moody's methodology, our FFO to debt as reported was slightly below 14% and approximately 15% when adjusted for the $1.1 billion of outstanding debt related to Winter Storm Uri extraordinary gas costs. As a reminder, we are deferring the interest expense associated with this debt balance until the state wide securitization is issued. As I mentioned, we had anticipated receiving the bond proceeds associated with the Texas securitization before the start of 2023, which, in part, is the reason why we're carrying higher than expected levels of commercial paper and floating rate debt at year-end. When we receive those proceeds, we plan to pay down a mix of floating rate debt and high coupon debt. In addition, we also saw higher gas prices and usage during the December cold stop [ph] which also led to elevated levels of variable rate debt that we believe will be transient in nature as we expect to collect the majority of this balance over the coming months. To revisit the pension item I discussed a few minutes ago, we entered into an annuity lift out, whereby roughly $140 million of pension plan obligations and corresponding plan assets related to previously divested businesses were transferred to an insurance company. This transaction allowed us to derisk our future obligations for which we don't receive regulatory deferral. As we previously mentioned, we get deferral on approximately two thirds of our pension expense. As a result of this lift out, we recognized a non-cash settlement charge of $47 million, which represented the acceleration of unrecognized losses deferred under the pension smoothing rules. Through a combination of an increase in discount rates and lump sum settlements, including the annuity lift out, our total pension liability was reduced in 2022 by approximately one third or $700 million. Our strong cash flow from operations, coupled with our efficient recycling of capital, puts us in a position of still being able to offer industry-leading growth that doesn't require external equity to fund our current 10 year capital plan through 2030. Those are my updates for the quarter. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. Now with that, I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you've heard from us today, we have 11 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure play, regulated, premium utility and on a course of continuous execution of our plan with incremental growth opportunities to support our customers.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Dave, and thank you for all of you for joining. We'll now turn the call over to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] Operator?
Q - Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
David Lesar: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Jason, I wanted to start off with a question on the capital markets environment and how you're sort of thinking about debt metrics at this point. Deferred costs have obviously been elevated, including fuel. You had a securitization delay in '22. You've seen around a $0.06 of incremental interest drag across the utilities and parent in 4Q. I guess how should we think about resolving some of these carried costs and managing the interest rate experience cost pressures in the near term?
David Lesar: Let me - yes, let me ask Jason to put a CFO hat back on for a minute and answer that one.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Good morning, Shahriar. I appreciate the question. Obviously, we're not immune to the interest rate headwinds that everybody is facing these days, but we're confident we can manage through this challenge as we continue to have more tailwinds than we do headwinds overall. As it relates to kind of interest expense, let me make a couple of points. First is we saw interest rates rising last year. We embedded conservative assumptions around interest rate costs in the '23 guidance that we initiated on the third quarter call. So I can - I feel confident that we can accommodate some of the variability that we've recently haven't seen. The second thing, and as I kind of touched on it in my prepared remarks, we ended the year with slightly higher elevated working capital balances due to higher gas costs that we were purchasing in late third quarter, early fourth quarter. As gas prices have come down now, we expect those working capital balances to turn pretty quickly. That should take a little bit of pressure off. And then as you mentioned, while we get to defer the interest expense on the extraordinary gas costs from Winter Storm Uri here in Texas, we still anticipate receiving $1.1 billion in securitization proceeds in the coming future, and that will really help reduce the overall variable rate exposure. So again, we feel confident that we can manage through any interest rate headwinds.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just lastly for me, just maybe touching base on sort of the expectations for the upcoming Texas rate case. I know we've had some data points from the Encore process and despite the confusion with the PFD, which was eventually rectified, there seem to be really a focus on finding rate relief for customers and other peers obviously in settlement discussions. Just maybe from a high level, Dave, what are sort of the major categories of that revenue relief you anticipate seeking? Is it primary rate base, is it deferred costs, is it O&M true-ups? And do you anticipate a noticeable rate increase from the '24 filing? Or do you think you guys have enough levers in plan to show even a potential rate reduction despite the ask? Thanks.
David Lesar: Well, that's a handful of a question. Let me just answer it by saying, I don't think it behoves us to try to front run what might happen, what bills might get put in. We're early in the session. Jason, Ryan and his team are heavily engaged in Austin with respect to looking at opportunities that are going to be primarily focused on making sure we keep customer bills under control. But I don't think it would make any sense at this point to talk about specific efforts or bills that we would like to see put forward. I would just say watch this space. And I think when we come with our first quarter call, which will be later this spring, we'll be way more into the session at that point in time. And I think you and all of us will have a better idea where that might be headed and what bills are likely to get passed. But for now, I just don't see any upside saying anything more on it. A - Jason Wells Sure, thanks. If I may add. Obviously, as Dave alluded to, we're early in the legislative session. On the regulatory front, though, as we look at the upcoming rate case for Houston Electric, obviously, customer rates are top of mind for all of us here at CenterPoint. I don't anticipate, at this point, much in the way of a revenue requirement increase. I'm proud of the work that the teams have done with respect to O&M. And as you look at where we set the test year for the 2019 rate case and kind of where O&M is currently trending, I think we can offer a fairly significant revenue reduction in the upcoming rate case that would offset any of the other things that we are trying to pursue, like a more equitable equity layer. And in addition, I think we're pretty fortunate in the fact that - maybe unlike Encore, we have very little, relatively speaking, in a way, of deferred costs as regulatory assets. And so, I think we can, again, position the company sort of to have a more equitable equity layer relative to some of the non-ERCOT T&D companies here in Texas. But at the same time, keep the revenue requirement very modest. So we're in, I think, a fairly fortunate place as we prepare for that filing.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks, Jason. That actually did exactly what I was trying to ask. Appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Campanella with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
David Lesar: Morning, Nick.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning. I cut out there, but I think I heard my name. So I hope everyone is doing well. I guess just on the CFO search. I just wanted to tie that off. When is your intention to have something more formally announced here? Is it by the next quarter call? Or are you taking your time? Thank you.
David Lesar: No. I think by the next quarter call, we should have someone announced and on board. We're down to a handful of finalist, candidates. As I said, part of it is just the process of getting an individual or individuals in, get them interviewed and more importantly, for me, making sure that they have a complementary skill set to not only Jason, but the broader executive committee we have here. But I think as we said in the call, we've been really pleased with the quality of candidates that we've talked to. This is a really great job, believe me. I think Jason would attest to that. This is a great job, and we're going to get a great CFO out of it.
Nick Campanella: Great. Thanks for that. And then I just thought the annuity lift-out comments were interesting. Can you just maybe walk us through that strategic action a bit more? And I guess, if you were to pursue that, how would that affect your 6 to 8? Presumably, I guess, it would be a headwind. And could you quantify that at all? Thanks.
David Lesar: Yes. Let me ask Jason to put a CFO hat back on and answer that.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Nick. What I would say kind of overall, the annuity lift-out was a strategic decision to derisk our exposure to businesses that we've disposed of. I think about this as part of the continued effort to focus CenterPoint on a strong set of regulated operating companies. We've been very active in exiting unregulated businesses and a handful of a couple of gas utilities in Arkansas and Oklahoma. And so, this is really just a step to derisk any of that tail exposure from those employees that are currently receiving pension annuity benefits. As I said, it was non-cash. There's a really kind of liquid market for this. Insurance companies took the obligation. They took the assets. It has no impact on our pensioners. But to your point, we now don't have any P&L volatility associated with exposure to changes in interest rates, asset returns, et cetera. So it's a great way to derisk future earnings. It's a great way to continue to execute on our strategy of focusing on a set of high quality utility assets and really proud that we get this work done here in the fourth quarter.
Nick Campanella: Thanks for the color. And have a great long weekend.
Jason Wells: You too. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
David Lesar: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning, Dave. Good morning, Jason, Jackie. So just maybe high level, a little bit on Texas, political regulatory. Obviously, the backup generation has proven to be pretty valuable in the short time you've had it, and we still have this kind of disagreement on recovery. So just between that decision, legislature, next rate case, so how are you feeling about both commission and political leadership of recognizing the importance of certainty and the value of kind of what you're doing?
David Lesar: Yes. Let me start, and then I'll ask Jason to put his operations hat on and provide a little bit of color commentary. But I think if you - for those of you that sort of follow Texas closely, as the legislation - legislature, the Governor, Lieutenant Governor came into this session, there is two main topics, Gambling and the Grid. I won't talk at all about Gambling, but there's a big focus on the Grid in Texas, making sure that the Grid stays up with the economic development that is happening in the state. So I think you're going to see sort of everyone rally around that aspect. Now what does it mean? It means different things for different people, obviously, in the state. The T&D companies want one thing, the generators, another, the legislature, another. I think I continue to go back to sort of our main mantra in this area. We're laser focused on customer affordability. So everything we do in and around capital deployment, O&M reductions, things that we're going to push for in Austin are going to be focused and pivoted around customer affordability and that - those - that set of topics. So maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Jason to see if he wants to say anything else.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Dave. And good morning, Steve. Overall, I would continue to echo to Dave's comments on how constructive Texas is beyond the points that Dave raised. We continue to see significant amount of corporate relocations to the state. And here, more specifically, in the Greater Houston area, we continue to see now a 30 year track record of 2% annual average customer growth. So I think overall, it continues to be very constructive. More specifically, on the operational front, maybe just a couple of brief comments. We continue to - there's a lot in place here in Texas that requires us to provide power to customers within 12 hours of a load shed event. We continue to operate under that standard. As we saw with Winter Storm Uri, load shed events can exceed the way the system design. And so, these mobile generation units are critical to meeting our reliability and power quality requirements under Texas law. I think legislators understand that. I think the elected officials understand that. And more importantly, as we continue to see the impact of more extreme weather, tornadoes, ice storms, potential for hurricanes, I think the communities are starting to have a better appreciation of how we can strategically deploy these assets as we did to bring kids back to school after the recent tornadoes as we can power hospitals, before our restoration efforts, reconnect certain customers like that back to the Grid. And so, I think these are really powerful tools to help keep our communities energized during periods of inclement weather. So I think that, that's well understood. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we're going to defend the actions we took under the law that was passed here in Texas.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
David Lesar: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to touch a bit, I guess, portfolio rotation has been a part of CenterPoint story in recent years. And asset sale attention appears higher now than ever across the space, but we've also witnessed kind of some mixed data points with regards to LDC asset sales. And so, has your thinking evolved at all in this area? And what are you seeing in terms of interest relative to a year ago? Granted you guys don't need to sell anything right now, but just that optionality, I guess, in the future?
David Lesar: Okay. Let me ask Jason to put his CFO hat back on and answer that one.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave, and I appreciate the question, Jeremy. I just want to reemphasize the point that you did with, right now, we don't have any need to sell any gas LDCs to fund the $43 billion equity - capital investment plan that we have announced. That being said, obviously, given our previous efforts in this space, we continue to receive a significant amount of outreach. I would say there remains tremendous interest in, I think, moderately sized utility systems, like the gas LDCs. We operate in a constructive set of states, in places where it either gets very cold during the winter or states that are incredibly supportive of natural gas. So I think the interest remains strong for our assets in particular. I also think maybe some of the transactions, as you referenced sort of reflect a few things. First, there needs to be at least a moderate size to the asset sales to get sort of the strongest interest from the largest possible place of buyers. Some of the sales that have transacted recently have been on the smaller end. The size of the gas LDCs we have, I think, are sort of a sweet spot for attracting the most significant amount of attention. And then as well as we've talked about in the past, we think that there is benefit in terms of selling assets outright. There's a control premium that often gets lost as maybe some of our peer utilities pursue minority interest sales. And so, we don't need to do it, but we continue to see the market as deep and strong given the high quality of the assets we own.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for that. And then kind of shifting gears here. And you touched on this a bit a number of times, but maybe just kind of bringing it all together. If you could kind of quantify the bill relief you expect to see based on the decline in natural gas prices. Just wondering how quickly that flows back across your jurisdictions and I guess, how you think about that rate - that relief could materialize over time?
Jason Wells: Yes. I mean I think our customers should start to really see the impact of that in about February. We have obviously different time periods for our purchased gas adjustment clauses in each of the different states. But largely, they start to kick in, in February, some, a little bit in March. I think kind of system-wide, on average, customers should really start to feel the benefit of that across our system in April. And we're seeing gas prices less than half of what we were kind of buying into the winter season at. So it should be pretty significant bill relief for our customers as we head into the summer months. We're happy about that, and hope it holds up.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Very helpful. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Jackie Richert: Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey. Good morning, team.
David Lesar: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Dave. All my questions have been answered. Maybe just one, the wind project that you mentioned in the Indiana IRP update section, Slide 8. Just any color you can share with us on that project?
Jason Wells: Thanks, Durgesh. I appreciate the other question. I think it's early days in the application there. So we anticipate that project probably being approved kind of towards the end of 2023. But just given kind of where we are in the stage of filing, as well as finalizing the bill transfer agreement, I'd rather keep the comments brief. I think overall, what we tried to highlight in the prepared remarks is that when we set out on this first phase of this integrated resource plan, we had an objective of owning about 50% of the renewables that we're proposing and contracting for 50% of the balance. The way it's working out with this wind project that we will ultimately own, as well as the solar projects that we previously filed, I think we're on track now to own roughly 60% of the renewables and contract for 40%. So a slight improvement versus our original objectives as we are executing on this first round of the Integrated Resource Plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thanks, Jason. Appreciate you wearing all the hats today. Thanks so much.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Durgesh.
Jackie Richert: All right, operator. That's going to be our last Q&A for this quarter. I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. And I hope everyone has a great afternoon and a long weekend. Take care.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to CenterPoint Energys Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoints earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our CFO will discuss the companys third quarter 2022 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on todays call. When providing guidance, we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to the earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, Id like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning, and thank you to everyone joining us for our third quarter 2022 earnings call. Before we get started today, I wanted to congratulate Jason Wells on this mornings announcement of his pending promotion to President and COO of CenterPoint Energy. Since joining our team a little over two years ago, he has demonstrated that he has the strategic vision, executive mindset, deep industry experience and operational knowledge to be a great leader. Equally important, he has the confidence and support of our organization, our Board and our shareholders. His promotion is a product of an ongoing and thoughtful succession planning process, an executive development journey thats been a top priority of mine and our entire Board. The Board and I have watched Jason grow as an executive over the last two years and believe now is the perfect time to expand his role within our organization. And for those of you who are wondering, I am not going anywhere. I look forward to continuing to mentor and support Jason in his new role and to working side-by-side to execute on our strategy. I know, I speak for many of you when I say, well done Jason. As you have seen from the press releases we issued this morning, this has been a very busy quarter at CenterPoint. In todays call may seem a bit like a mini Analyst Day update. When I became the CEO of CenterPoint, nearly two and a half years ago, the company needed to quickly establish a strategic path forward to among other things, realign our relationships with our regulators, customers and investors. We look to immediately set challenging, but executable goals, by which you could measure progress, while collectively adopting a management mindset of over delivering on our commitments. I want to highlight what that has looked like here at CenterPoint over the last two and a half years. So what we have achieved so far. First, we committed to achieving industry-leading non-GAAP EPS growth. Now including this quarter, we have met or exceeded that goal for 10 consecutive quarters. In addition, we have over delivered on that growth by raising our non-GAAP EPS guidance 5 times during that two and a half year span and continue to reiterate that we will grow future earnings off of each new and higher base that we achieve. Second, we committed to becoming a pure-play regulated utility that was not subjected to the earnings volatility of our now divested midstream investment and now more than 95% of our earnings are derived from regulated utility operations. The approximately $1.3 billion of after-tax midstream sale proceeds exceeded your expectations and allowed us to reinvest the money into our regulated utility businesses for the benefit of our customers. Finally, we committed to funding our increased regulated utility investments without reliance on external equity issuances. This led to the sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma LDCs, for which we obtained a landmark valuation and then recycled those cash proceeds efficiently back into our regulated businesses, all for the benefit of our customers and investors. Now, lets look at today, we are in $0.32 in the third quarter on a non-GAAP basis. We are also reiterating full year 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.37 per share to $1.39 per share, which represents a 9% growth rate at the midpoint versus the comparable 2021 non-GAAP utility EPS of $1.27. And as Jason will discuss, we are also ahead of plan in terms of capital spend for 2022, in spite of supply chain pressures and we have deployed more capital than anticipated. In addition, today we are initiating our full year 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance target range of $1.48 to $1.50. At the midpoint, this represents an additional 8% growth over our previously raised 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance. Beyond 2023, we continue to expect 8% non-GAAP EPS growth for 2024 and at the mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030. I also want to point out that these earnings growth rate targets do not reflect any potential earnings from the $5.3 billion in incremental capital opportunities that we will discuss next. Our track record of over delivering continues with todays announcement of what is now a third increase to our 2021 Analyst Day $40 billion 10-year capital plan. We continue to anchor around this Analyst Day number to provide consistency, clarity and clearly marked goalpost for our investors to follow. Our new incremental capital opportunities are based on customer-driven investments that were developed through our increased stakeholder engagement strategy. Our strategy initially kicked off with the City of Houston on our collective Resilient Now initiative under the leadership of Mayor Sylvester Turner. It has grown to include over 30 cities and some of our largest industrial customers. With their collective input, we have developed $5.3 billion in additional capital opportunities related to increased systems resiliency, reliability and grid modernization, as well as to facilitate eventual EV adoption. Now there is a well-known saying that demographics is destiny and in looking at its demographics, the City of Houston is destined for great things. As the only investor owned utility headquartered in Texas, we are fortunate to serve customers in the City of Houston and its surrounding areas. The Houston area is one of the fastest growing and most ethnically diverse areas in the nation, averaging more than 2% annual population growth over the last three decades. We believe that this diversity only strengthens Houstons future growth prospect, which benefits our customers and investors alike. Although Houston today is well-known as the Energy Capital of the world, not as well-known is that its also home to one of the largest active ports in the nation and the Houston-based Texas Medical Center, which is the largest medical center in the world. For example, the Port of Houston is the largest port in the U.S. by waterborne tonnage and its also the U.S. largest exporter with over $140 billion of goods shipped annually. This is more than 35% greater than that of New York, the next largest U.S. shipping exporter. The Houston ship channels, petrochem complex alone boasts 272 chemical plants, refineries and other industrial facilities, which generate about $800 billion a year in business annually. Just this summer, an additional $1 billion project was started to widen and deepen the channel to support immense future growth. In addition, the Port Authority is now looking at electrifying its port operation. This will also benefit our customers and communities who live near the port by helping reduce emissions from idling cargo ships. Turning to the Texas Medical Center or TMC, this complex was standing on its own would already be the eighth largest business district in the United States. And just last month, was announced that the TMC would nearly double its size in the next five years to 10 years. It is now anticipated that this doubling in size of the TMC will alone create over 100,000 new jobs, with a greater focus on the biosciences and biomanufacturing of critical medical products, the TMC should continue to attract diverse talent for years to come. Today, it already sees roughly 8 million patients every year, so much like the region it continues to grow. Lastly and perhaps the purest illustration of Houstons incredible organic growth, there are over 70,000 births in the Houston area alone last year. Thats a new baby born every seven minutes. While Houstons natural growth and positioning in the Gulf Coast provides a clear competitive advantage, we are also mindful of our exposure to severe weather. Our Houston Electric customers know whats at stake. A day without power can equal a loss of up to $1.4 billion of GDP. This is one factor that drives a collective community desire for a more reliable and resilient energy supply. This desire has led to customer-driven investment opportunities that we will be folding into our 10-year capital plan through 2030. For reasons to be discussed next, at this time, we are now only incorporating $2.3 billion of this additional $5.3 billion in capital into the balance of our existing 10-year investment plan through 2030. A $1 billion of this is expected to be deployed by the end of 2025 and another $1.3 billion to be deployed by the end of 2030, all for the benefit of our customers. And while we are not updating our Analyst Day non-GAAP EPS guidance targets previously discussed, the deployment of this increased capital will clearly increase the potential future earnings power of the company. The initial $2.3 billion in capital now being added to our investment plan reflects the subset of opportunities, we believe we can currently and confidently execute efficiently and is comprised of the following, $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion of this new capital will be dedicated toward our distribution system resiliency, reliability and expanded grid modernization. This also includes strategically undergrounding certain parts of our system, replacing poles with higher wind resistant ones and elevating parts of the grid, especially substations to help protect such structures from the threat of flood damage. We recognize our customers want more resiliency more quickly, which is why we have already jumped ahead and began some of these projects in 2022. For example, $300 million of the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion related to this category of capital spend is expected to be completed by the end of this year. $600 million to $800 million of this new capital will be focused on transmission upgrades. As we have stated before, our Houston Electric service territory comprises just 2.5% of the geographic footprint of the State of Texas, but we consume nearly 25% of ERCOTs peak summer load. At the same time, our service territories need to import up to 60% of that load from generators outside our territory. This requirement to import a significant portion of the energy that is consumed in the Houston area each and every day creates a risk of disruption. As this summer is illustrated, but Houston endures sustained high temperatures, statewide power generation can struggle to keep up with demand and the need for additional transmission lines to deliver a cheaper and more diverse power supply for our customers in the Houston area becomes even more apparent. On top of the $2.3 billion described above, we have separately identified other capital investment opportunities of $3 billion, which we will opportunistically integrate into our long-term capital plan. These additional opportunities include even more grid modernization and system reliability investments, as well as the increased investments for accelerated electrification in the Houston area, including EVs. As a reminder, we conservatively estimate that each light-duty EV brings approximately $80 in margin to us per year. The Houston area remains a laggard in the adoption, with about 30,000 EVs on its roads today. None of the potential future earnings upside from additional EV penetration is reflected in our current earnings forecast. Furthermore, the $3 billion in additional future capital spend I mentioned earlier, does not fully include the potential impact of increased or accelerated EV adoption. With nearly 5 million cars in the Houston area, that is a lot of potential upside. The remaining $3 billion of opportunities beyond the $2.3 billion that we have added to our investment plan through 2030 also provides capital upside and additional potential earnings power for us. However, as is our management teams history, we are taking a prudent approach and are not yet adding it to our capital plan. We will start to add these amounts incrementally to our planned capital spend once we are convinced we can access the labor, nail down the availability of the equipment and deploy it to the benefit of our customers. In other words, we fully expect to include the $3 billion balance of the $5.3 billion of these other new capital opportunities on our plan when we believe we can operationally execute it, efficiently fund it and prudently recover it. This approach is no different than our recent history of folding incremental capital into our plan once we are convinced we can efficiently deploy it to benefit our customers. The customer benefits of our revised capital plan are exciting and tangible, enhancing both reliability and resiliency, while also helping us to advance the restoration of service during outages. To summarize this capital spend. This will increase our current capital plan by $2.3 billion, which now totals nearly $43 billion through 2030. As I stated today, we are only including $2.3 billion of investments in our updated capital plan, which we believe we have the crews and materials can efficiently finance, while remaining focused on overall affordability, at the same time, customers are facing rising energy costs. The remaining $3 billion will be folded in once it also meets that same criterion, which we believe will be achievable through prior securitization charges rolling off, our commitment to O&M discipline and the continued organic growth in our Houston Electric service [Audio Gap] territory. This increased capital investment will also contribute to our ongoing efforts to reduce O&M over the longer term, which will help continue to keep customer bills affordable. Included in our capital spend are grid modernization investments such as circuit re-closers and other smart grid investments that will reduce the number of truck rolls to restore power, which should translate into lower O&M costs that directly benefit our customers. The benefit of O&M savings is exemplified by the fact that every dollar saved of O&M roughly translates to $8 that can be invested as capital for the benefit of customers. This ability to reduce O&M along with prior securitization charges coming off the bill in 2022 and 2024, and continued organic growth creates a perfect opportunity to invest incremental capital to the benefit of our customers, while keeping customer charges affordable. We believe our continued O&M discipline and organically growing Houston customer base will also allow us to make these investments, while customer charge increases stay below the average historical level of inflation of 2%. This is in line with the increase to our charges that we have seen for our Houston Electric customers over the last 10 years, which averaged a little over 1% annually. We also still expect to reduce our O&M by 1% to 2% per year on average over our 10-year plan. And in case you are wondering, this updated capital plan still does not require us to issue any additional external equity, nor does it rely on the use of strategic proceeds from the sale of any additional regulated CenterPoint assets as our cash flow remains strong. This is a nice combination and a great position to be in today. Jason will walk you through our capital investment financing plan in a few minutes. Importantly, recovering our updated capital plan does not rely on any big bets as approximately 80% of the total plan can be recovered through interim regulatory mechanisms. And again, Jason, will go into more detail on the funding and financial details of this in his section. So, in summary, before I turn the call over to Jason, our management team is committed to executing on what we believe is one of the most tangible growth stories in the industry, which is driven by the growth profile of our largest jurisdiction, the Houston area. Our customer driven investments are focused on meeting our customers desire for reliable and cleaner energy, so they can continue to contribute to one of the countrys strongest and fastest growing economies. We will look to deliver on those investments while keeping customer charges affordable, targeting charge increases at or below an average of 2% annually through 2030. As we continue to engage with stakeholders, we believe additional customer driven opportunities can be identified and we look forward to furthering those customer discussions to help them achieve their own objectives. We reiterate 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.37 to $1.39, a 9% growth rate over 2021, while initiating 2023 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.48 per share to $1.50 per share, a further 8% growth. After that, we continue to target a further 8% growth through 2024 and at the mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030, an industry-leading growth rate. As a result of customer driven initiatives, we have identified $2.3 billion of new capital and $3 billion of future capital to increase resiliency, grid modernization, as well as to facilitate expanded electrification that will drive additional potential earnings power. We believe our continued focus on over delivering on our commitments has served our customers and investors well and will continue into the future. We are proud of our 10 consecutive quarters of execution and look to build on that streak, while also delivering above expectations for the benefit of both our customers and our investors. Lastly, we remain focused on achieving our value proposition, which is striving for sustainable, resilient and affordable rates for our customers, sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders and a sustainable positive impact on the environment for our communities. With that, I will turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our third quarter call, and thank you, Dave, for those kind comments. I sincerely appreciate your continued mentorship and I also want to take a moment to thank the Board for their continued support. I am humbled and honored to work alongside this great team we have here at CenterPoint in a different capacity starting next year and I will remain committed to continuing to over deliver for all of our stakeholders as I approach this new role. Now I will start by covering the financial results for the quarter as shown on slide five. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.30 for the third quarter of 2022. Similar to the second quarter, our GAAP EPS results include a portion of the tax on the gain on sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs, which we are required under GAAP to recognize over the course of the full year. On a non-GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.32 for the third quarter of 2022, compared to $0.25 for the same period in 2021. Growth in rate recovery contributed $0.05, largely driven by continued organic customer growth and capital recovery mechanisms for Houston Electric, which included TCOS and one month of DCRF recovery. Usage for this quarter was a favorable variance of $0.02 when compared to the same quarter of 2021, largely driven by warmer weather than normal that we have been experiencing here in the Greater Houston area. Ongoing cost management was a benefit of $0.02 for the quarter and we have been able to pull-forward work for the benefit of our customers due to favorable weather through the second and third quarters of this year. This included accelerating additional vegetation management work into 2022, which began in the second quarter. We continue to expect to achieve our average annual 1% to 2% O&M reductions over the 10-year plan. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher interest expense of $0.04, $0.01 of which related to absorbing costs previously allocated to our midstream segment in 2021. Other items contributed another $0.01 of favorable variance over the comparable quarter in 2021. Included in these other drivers are miscellaneous revenues and the disallowance of the 2021 winter storm-related extraordinary gas cost recovery by the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission. As Dave mentioned, we are initiating non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.48 to $1.50 for 2023, which represents 8% growth over the midpoint of our previously increased 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.37 to $1.39. We continue to target 8% growth in 2024 and at the mid-to-high end of the 6% to 8% range annually thereafter through 2030. Before I turn to the future capital updates, I want to note that we are tracking nicely against our 2022 capital plan as seen on slide six. Through the third quarter, we spent $3.2 billion, which represents nearly 70% of the updated current year $4.6 billion capital plan target. Again, these figures include the incremental $300 million investment in grid hardening that Dave discussed. Now shifting to the long-term capital plan and its corresponding earnings growth. As Dave already touched upon, we are updating our capital investment plan to include an incremental $2.3 billion of customer driven capital, which now totals nearly $43 billion of capital to be deployed through 2030. Because we continue to update on our previously announced 10-year capital plan, which we are already two years into, this is really increasing the remaining eight years by $2.3 billion. Furthermore, we have an additional $3 billion of potential opportunities that we will continue to evaluate to determine the appropriate time to incorporate these in our capital plan. You may notice on slide 17 of the appendix that the timing of our capital deployment has shifted somewhat from our last Analyst Day. As I will discuss later, the Posey solar project is now expected to be placed into service in 2024 rather than the end of 2023. In light of the supply chain delays and in line with what we previously communicated, this shift in our capital profile was not completely unexpected and does not change our view of our non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2023 or beyond, because of the capital investment we announced we executed on earlier this year. It is also important to reiterate the recovery of this incremental capital is not based on any big bets. It is a series of small projects that we expect will be recovered through our routine and recurring interim capital recovery mechanisms. The result of the incremental $2.3 billion customer driven capital investment will drive a rate base CAGR of over 9.5% through 2030. We are not updating our longer term non-GAAP EPS growth guidance of 8% in 2024 and at the mid-to-high end of the 6% to 8% range annually thereafter through 2030, despite this increase in capital investment. That is because its very important to remember that we have a large number of rate cases in 2024 that will begin to set rates in 2025. We will update our long-term non-GAAP EPS growth estimates after those cases are resolved. However, I want to reiterate, this additional capital investment we are announcing today will undoubtedly provide incremental earnings power for the company. Our goal continues to be delivering industry leading growth each and every year, while over delivering for our customers and our shareholders. On the matter of upcoming rate cases, we are taking measured steps to achieve constructive outcomes for all stakeholders. For example, we have already funded Houston Electrics current capital structure with 45% equity, despite the current improved capital structure being 42.5%. When looking at other non-ERCOT Texas utilities, national averages, and the fact, we have potential exposure to severe weather, we believe a 45% equity ratio is the minimum level that should be considered going forward. We have not assumed an increase in our equity ratio and our long-term EPS growth guidance, but we will work with our stakeholders to find a constructive resolution in our next rate case. Now turning to the financing of our capital plan. As Dave discussed, the updated capital plan does not require external equity financing, nor does it require the sale of any of our rate-regulated utility assets. The capital plan is expected to be funded through OpCo debt consistent with our regulatory capital structure and higher FFO from potential changes in capital structure or the cash currently funding the 45% equity ratio at Houston Electric, for which we only have approval for 42.5%. I also want to point out that we used some conservative cash estimates at our previous Analyst Day, specifically around cash taxes associated with the sales of the energy transfer units and gas LDCs. This provided an additional source of cash that we can use to help fund this incremental capital. We believe we will be able to deliver on this increased capital plan, while still targeting long-term FFO-to-debt of 14% to 15%. As of the end of the third quarter, our FFO-to-debt was over 15% above our stated target aligning with Moodys methodology. Shifting gears, there has been some concern among the shareholders around the level of floating rate debt some utilities have. I want to address this topic. We intentionally entered 2022 with an elevated level of variable rate debt as we knew we were going to delever using the strategic proceeds from the sale of energy transfer units in the Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs. We have paid down over $1.6 billion in floating rate debt this year, resulting in a 35% reduction in floating rate debt since the beginning of 2022. In addition, as of the end of the third quarter of 2022, we have reduced our parent level to total debt by 9 percentage points from the beginning of the year and project to be around 20% by the end of the year. With our continued focus on reducing parent level debt as a percentage of total debt and successful restructuring of the legacy vector and legal entities, next year we will look to finance DigiCo at the OpCo level, which should allow us to reduce parent level debt by another $640 million, resulting in a more normalized and efficient financing structure for both our customers and our investors. One other item to note is we have the ability to file rate cases earlier than previously communicated and will likely take this approach for CERC. We anticipate CERC filing a Texas rate case in mid-2023, which will allow us to update our revenue requirement for among other things increased interest costs. Moving on to a broader regulatory update on slide nine. In Minnesota, we saw the full recovery of the $409 million of extraordinary gas costs incurred during the winter storm Uri. While at the same time, we sought to minimize the impact on our customers by extending the recovery of that amount to five years. In May, the two administrative law judges that heard the evidence concluded that we acted prudently to procure gas to serve our customers during the extreme event. Unfortunately, in a split decision, the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission disallowed recovery of approximately $36 million of the total $409 million incurred or about 8.7% of the total. Similar percentage disallowances were applied by the Minnesota PUC to other companies that had excess gas cost in the state. As this case continues, we will work towards an outcome that we believe is both fair for our customers and CenterPoint alike. We also have a couple of securitizations that we continue to make progress towards completing. In Texas, the securitization related to extraordinary gas costs incurred during winter storm Uri continues to work its way through the regulatory process and we expect to receive the approximately $1.1 billion of bond proceeds by the end of 2022. In Indiana, we continue to work with stakeholders to finalize a first-of-its-kind $360 million securitization of the AB Brown coal facilities that will result in savings for our Indiana electric customers. We are expecting a decision by the end of this year and if the financing order is approved, a bond issuance would occur sometime in the first quarter of 2023. Aside from the extraordinary gas cost and securitizations, we have a few other regulatory items I want to highlight. We had a constructive outcome in our gas rate case in Minnesota, where we settled our rate case, which resulted in a revenue increase of approximately $48.5 million. In addition, we filed for our second TCOS recovery in Texas for approximately $38 million, which we anticipate to start recovering in November this year. Moving to our Integrated Resource Plan update, we are focused on delivering on our Indiana generation transition to support our net-zero goals, and as I just discussed, we are still on track to receive a securitization order by the end of 2022 and bond proceeds in Q1 of 2023. Our Posey County solar asset was originally expected to be placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2023. The project is now anticipated to be placed in service in 2024, due to supply chain delays. Given this delay, the forecasted capital amount for 2023 on the electric side has been shifted to 2024. But as a reminder, we are able to begin recovery as soon as the plant is placed into service. To enhance the disclosures around our progress of our energy transition, we have also published our first Task Force on Climate Related Finance Disclosures report, which we committed to at our 2021 Analyst Day. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason, and once again, congratulations. As you heard from us today, we have 10 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure play regulated utility, with industry-leading incremental growth opportunities driven by our customer demands.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Dave. Operator, we are now ready to turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Congratulations, Jason, and best of luck in a new position, and I guess, your new team goes strokes [ph].
Jason Wells: Thanks, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Dave, if I could -- I think this is the first question, just some insight or color into the CFO search. Are you looking internally to the utility sector externally, just whats the ideal candidate and I have a CapEx question after that?
Dave Lesar: Okay. No. I think this is going to be a really, really attractive job for a CFO. So we are going to cast that really, really wide essentially across the whole public spear in the U.S. and see what we can find. But as I said, I think, its going to be a great opportunity, a great job and I expect that we are going to see some really good candidates.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then on slide seven, I just wanted to focus on the $3 billion of incremental opportunities, just -- if you give us some like structure and timing of that? Is that something that I could apply maybe linear throughout the forecast period as a back-end loaded? Just any color you could give on that $3 billion and what -- where we should be applying that in our forecast?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think the way to think about this is, look at the track record that we have developed as a management team. I think we have done a pretty good job identifying sort of incremental capital opportunities, finding a way to efficiently execute that, fund it and bring it into our rate base at the right time and this is really no different. Maybe its a little bit bigger than the ones we have had in the past. But I think from a context standpoint, if you think back to our first Analyst Day, this is the fifth time that we have raised capital. If you go to our second Analyst Day, this is the third time that we have raised capital. So I think we have got a pretty good track record of identifying and bringing this into not only execution and then rate base, but then earnings. And as we said a couple of times, and hopefully, Jason sort of walked you through the numbers, our guidance targets do not include any of the earnings from this. But I think the really important thing to focus on is that we still continue to believe that we will have industry-leading growth as we basically take on all the headwinds and the tailwinds that are thrown at us in this business. But I think the bottomline is
Anthony Crowdell: Okay.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Bottomline, I think, industry-leading growth.
Anthony Crowdell: Okay. If I could just squeeze one in for Jason, Jason, you talked about you pulled forward some O&M from 2023 to 2022, and I think you mentioned maybe some vegetation management. Are you able to quantify how much O&M you pulled forward to 2022?
Jason Wells: Anthony, I would think about it as a couple of cents of pull-forward work that we have incurred already and we continue to look to optimize our plan in the fourth quarter. I think this is just an incredible luxury that we have to continue to do more work on the system for the benefit of our customers, as well as kind of giving us additional flexibility as we enter 2023 from an earnings standpoint. So we are happy to continue to executing on it. We have incurred about $0.02 of that and still have some to go in the fourth quarter.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, and David, the strokes need to win. I dont know if we can handle, if every successful Philly Sports mindset.
Dave Lesar: We are hoping for the best.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey. Good morning. Good morning, Dave. Congrats, Jason. So just -- the $2.3 billion of CapEx thats in the plan but not kind of in the earnings power, how should we -- I mean, I assume you are not going to spend that, if you are not going to get it recovered, so its just a matter of kind of getting the certainty on the visibility of recovery to get that into the kind of earnings outlook, instead of just earnings power?
Dave Lesar: Thanks Steve for the question and thats right. We wouldnt spend it, if we didnt have full confidence that we will earn on it. We continue to stress that. We have got great capital recovery mechanisms here across our jurisdictions, that this is capital that our customers are asking for and so we have confident that as we execute this work, we will fold it into rate base and earn on it. Really, the fact that we havent increased the long-term EPS growth targets is really a function of the point that I stressed in our prepared remarks. I mean, we are entering a period here in 2024, where we will have several major rate cases, Houston Electric, Texas Gas, City and Electric, among others. And I think its just prudent for us, we have taken conservative assumptions as we approach those rate cases. But I think its prudent for us to kind of get to the other side. I think the takeaway, though, is the capital we are deploying will flow at a rate base. We have confidence in that and undoubtedly enhances the long-term earnings power of the company. I think the other thing just to point out beyond the capital from the standpoint of the long-term earnings power of the company, I want to reemphasize what I shared in my prepared remarks, we have already prefunded a higher equity ratio at Houston Electric as well and while we have not assumed that increase in the long-term earnings growth rates that we provided. Should we be successful in achieving that higher equity ratio, that presents yet another tailwind without a financing overhang and so I think we are just continuing to put ourselves in a position to over deliver for our shareholders, our customers and continue to enhance what is an already industry leading growth rate.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thats helpful color. And when you talked about kind of incremental CapEx going back in the past, there was also a discussion of potential asset sales that could potentially help fund it. And I think theres been more concern in the market just on asset sale values given just the financial market conditions, higher rates. Could you just comment if anything changed in the strategy on asset sales and why maybe thats not discussed as part of this updated plan?
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks for the question, Steve. No change in our strategy. Our strategy is to finance our incremental capital as efficiently as possible. We are fortunate today as part of this CapEx update to have identified sources of funding that are more efficient than incremental sales of our utility assets. We have had a handful of conservative assumptions around tax positions, which have all resolved themselves favorably for the company. As I said, we prefunded the equity ratio at Houston Electric. We will either have higher FFO coming out of that as a result of that higher equity ratio. We can pull back and use the cash to fund the capital directly. And so, I think, we have not changed our approach to strategy. We just continue to find the most efficient sources of funding this incremental capital. More broadly, to your point though, I -- we have not seen a softening in the private demand for utility assets as we have talked about extensively over the years. With our previous communications, we still continue to receive pretty extensive outreach and interest. We just have not, as I said, needed to take that approach, because we continue to find other sources that are more efficient to fund the CapEx that we have announced today.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey Jason, congratulations and good morning to the team. Thank you guys for the time. I think if I may..
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Of course. Absolutely. If I may just picking up on Steves question there a little bit further here. Can you talk a little bit about when you get to a position to talk about that mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% here. I mean, as you describe it, you are going to wait until the other side of these cases, which puts you perhaps in the latter half of 2024 to give that update on the 2025 onwards outlook. And at the same time, if I can, during dependency presumably of a CIHI [ph] case, presumably there might be additional lag given the lack of the track or follow through. How do you think about the step up in 2025 earnings power given the additional CapEx, as well as the related step up type earnings from the cases, given the trajectory of 8% in 2024 and 6% to 8% in 2025?
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien, for the question. Theres a lot there. Let me try to sort of unpack a handful of these items. I wouldnt ascribe an exact time line to the update on the long-term growth rates of company sort of post these rate cases. As you said, we want to resolve those cases constructively and favorably for all stakeholders as we have better certainty we will provide an update. I think what I want to stress around this point, though, is we would not spend this capital if we didnt assume and have a high degree of confidence that it would be included in rate base. And so, as you model -- as others model, I would look at enhancing and increasing the long-term earnings power of the company sort of post these rate cases. I think as it relates to kind of navigating a handful of these time lines, we have a fair degree of flexibility with respect to the capital trackers, just given the multiple jurisdictions that we operate in. We will not have access to the capital trackers here in our Texas businesses, while we are in those rate cases. So that does present a small amount of additional regulatory lag as we look to earn on those. We have tried to get in front of that issue by accelerating additional capital here into 2023 that we will file for recovery for, sorry, here in 2022 that will file for recovery in 2023 and we will be fully into the earnings power of the company in 2024. We also have a fair degree of flexibility in Indiana Electric, particularly with the generation transition that will coincide with the timing of these rate cases. As you may recall there, as we bring our renewable projects on the line -- online, we can begin earning at the month they become operational and so there is minimal if any regulatory lag with respect to the investments in Indiana Electric. So we are sequencing these investments, either having accelerated, as I said, this year, we are balancing some of the chunkier projects over the next couple of years to sort of seamlessly work through the rate cases that are on the horizon. But the short of it is, again, we wouldnt spend this capital if we didnt believe and have confidence that we would earn on it. And so, the takeaway should be, this enhances the long-term earning power of the company.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Indeed it does. And if I may, just going back to the -- here and now, if you will. Thanks for the additional details on the reduced variable rate debt year-to-date. You mentioned accelerating rate cases and offset. You talked about timing of costs and accelerating some of those costs. What are the other mitigation opportunities at corporate or else or, frankly, to dampen the impact of these higher financing costs to maintain the EPS trajectory, which you, obviously, have, but what other latitude levers might there exist?
Dave Lesar: Hi. I would say, Julien, I think, you hit on the cost side. I think the big one that we talked about that people sometimes forget about it as soon as we talk about it is our organic growth. I mean, we are spreading a -- as we reduced our O&M where we are spreading a smaller amount of O&M across a larger rate base or a larger customer base year after year after year and thats just the luxury most other utilities dont have.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you. Indeed excellent. Well, good luck and we will see you soon. [Inaudible]
Dave Lesar: Thanks.
Jason Wells: Sure.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for taking my question here. And just wanted to build a little bit more, I guess, in Houston opportunity and what milestones are you looking for from Houston to incorporate more of this $3 billion potential incremental capital? I am just trying to get a feel for timing possible -- possibilities here?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks again for the question, Jeremy. I mean, a couple of points that I will stress that Dave made in his prepared comments. We have had a history here now 5 times since our first Analyst Day, 3 times since our second Analyst Day of increasing our CapEx. So, hopefully, we have built a track record of that, as we identify this capital thats in the best interest of our customers, we look to efficiently fold it in. I wouldnt, again, put a time line on it. What we are looking at is kind of balance sheet in probably three factors, confidence in execution. We have been significantly increasing our CapEx over the last couple of years. We want to make sure that we have access to the materials, the crews and that we are putting away this capital effectively for our customers. And second, we always are cognizant of where we are with respect to rate increases for our customers and so we try to balance that over the plan. And then third, and finally, we look to finance the incremental capital efficiently for the benefit of our shareholders and investors. And so, I wouldnt think about this as I am not going to sign a specific time line. I wouldnt also look at this as a series of big chunky projects. This is sort of additional routine spend that we will look to fold in when we have confidence on those three factors, and hopefully, we have earned the trust that we have a track record of doing so.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I would just like to add. I think, Jason, did a great job sort of covering the strategic aspects of it coming in and hit on the really important point at the end there. And then, I hope that with all of you, we have developed the confidence. You have the confidence in us that we are always going to do the right thing at the right time. Whats best for our customer and whats best for our investors. And I think you should think about this $3 billion and no other context than that. When we kind of identify it, we will execute it, we will get it in the rate base and it will help our customers.
Jason Wells: Operator, if you would
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. Thanks.
Jackie Richert: Please we have time for one more call.
Operator: Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you for taking my question. Jason, congrats. Just
Jackie Richert: Thanks, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Just -- yeah. Absolutely. Just one quick question and then I will follow up with Jackie on the other one. Could you just give us what the pro forma variable debt amount would be post securitization proceeds for the dollar amount, and then as a percentage of your total debt, please? Thank you.
Jason Wells: So the 1 point -- its for the Texas securitization, because we have two securitizations spending the Texas guests securitization, its $1.1 billion of incremental debt that we will pay down and then we have the second securitization in Indiana, which is about another $360 million in proceeds that we expect kind of at the end of the third quarter. That will leave us with about $1.5 billion of variable rate debt as we enter next year. Some of that, as I said, attributable to our Texas gas businesses that we will file a rate case for in the middle of next year that helps reduce any potential long-term earnings drag from that higher level of interest costs that we will see there.
Durgesh Chopra: Cost of $1.5 billion. Thanks so much guys. Appreciate the time.
Jackie Richert: All right, Operator. Thank you so much for the time today everyone for the call. This will conclude our call and we look forward to seeing everyone at EEI.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.
Jackie Richert: Thank you.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to CenterPoint Energys Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Mr. Richert?
Jackie Richert: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoints earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our CFO will discuss the companys second quarter 2022 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on todays call. When providing guidance, we will use the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we will use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, Id like to turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jackie. Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining us for our second quarter 2022 earnings call. It is now been a little over two years since I was appointed as the CEO of this great company and the exciting progress at CenterPoint continues with lots of opportunities still ahead of us. Now that we are a pure-play regulated utility, our quarterly updates will continue to be streamlined and focused on our regulated utility operations. In a minute I will run through our latest highlights and headlines as we continue to build on our consistent track record of earnings delivery. But first a quick side note. As Texas has heated up this summer, we have gotten a number of questions from shareholders that indicate there may be a level of confusion to some shareholders about how we participate in the Texas electric market. I thought it might be helpful to remind everyone about our role. As most of you know the Texas ERCOT market is fully deregulated with respect to the generation and the retailing of electric power in Texas. And CenterPoint does not participate in either of the Texas generation or retail market. The Texas ERCOT market is regulated for the transmission and distribution of power, which is the market that CenterPoint operates in. Therefore CenterPoint only transmits power from third-party generators and delivers it to our territories third-party retail energy providers. Because of this we take no electric generation cost risk and no retail pricing risk in our business in Texas. Think of as much as a regulated toll road that charges by the vehicle. As temperatures rise, we have more traffic in the form of electricity driving on a regulated toll road. In addition, our Houston area transmission and distribution system makes up only about 2.5% of the geographic footprint of Texas, but transmits and delivers about 25% of the total ERCOT summer peak electric load. So we have a very dense power grid in our territory. Because of that CenterPoint imports up to 60% of its electric needs throughout our transmission lines, which connect to generation supply from locations elsewhere in the state. All of this is why investing in resiliency and reliability is so critical. I hope this helps those of you that are just becoming familiar with our story. So now lets turn to our headlines. We have now delivered nine straight quarters of operational execution under this current management team. We are halfway through 2022 and have increased confidence around our business performance. That increased confidence specifically around Houston Electrics performance led us to raise our non-GAAP EPS guidance for the year to $1.37 to $1.39. This means that at the new midpoint, we now expect to grow our earnings 9% this year over the prior year. This is also our fifth earnings guidance increase under this new management team, which at the same time is laser focused on taking the steps necessary to keep our bills affordable for customers. This increase to our full year guidance will provide the new and higher starting point for our future earnings guidance growth. In other words, it is from this higher $37 to $39 base that we now intend to grow our non-GAAP EPS 8% annually for 2023 and 2024. And beyond that we intend to grow at a mid- to high-end of our 6% to 8% growth range through 2030. We believe that this will be an industry-leading growth rate and Jason will get into more of these details shortly. Commensurate with our earnings guidance increase, we also announced a $0.01 increase to our second quarter dividend. This quarterly increase is consistent with our objective of growing dividends in line with earnings. We are also on track to meet our current capital investment plan for the year. Having invested over $2 billion in the first six months of 2022, which is nearly 50% of our 2022 investment plan. We are also tracking very well against our five-year and 10-year spending plans that support the safety, resiliency and growth across our system to benefit our customers. As mentioned in recent earnings calls, we are working to develop the details around incremental customer-driven capital opportunities to support a Houston Area Regional Master Energy Plan. This includes our Resilient Now initiative with the City of Houston. We plan to provide an update to our capital investment plan on the third quarter call. We also recently completed the final steps of our Vectren integration. The integrated structure results in a more efficient debt structure, which will help us reach our goal of reducing parent level debt to approximately 20%. So check-in another box on our strategic commitment to strengthen our balance sheet and credit metrics for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders. Jason will discuss it in more detail in his section. Our Indiana generation transition plan is also tracking on course, including the recent commission approval of the natural gas peak heating facility. We have also filed for another tranche of solar generation, which Jason will discuss. As a reminder, our generation transition plan to cleaner fuels aligns with our peer leading 2035 Scope 1 and 2 net zero emissions goals. I am also pleased to say today that despite the well-known challenges around solar power, our recently signed agreements will bring us to over 800 megawatts of owned or contracted solar. So those are our latest headlines. We strive to continue our track record that we have established over the past two plus years of executing on this world class investment thesis. Turning now to our earnings guidance update. As stated, we raised our non-GAAP EPS guidance this morning to $1.37 to $1.39. This represents a 9% growth rate at the mid-point when compared to the 2021 non-GAAP utility EPS of $1.27. And despite the current inflationary environment, we are continuing to see favorable tailwinds such as the combined 1% to 2% organic growth and warmer weather, which led us to raising our guidance this quarter. An example of the continued organic growth in the Houston area can be seen and its greater than 6% year-over-year jobs growth, which added over 191,000 new jobs in the last year alone. Even as the Houston area temperatures recently peaked at 105 degrees and continued to be persistently high, our grid has held up well, with limited disruptions for our customers. These limited disruptions are largely related to the typical high intensity afternoon rain and wind storms that are common in Houston during our summer heat waves. Related to these peak heating events, we have also seen a modest uptick this year in customer transformer related outages that have occurred across the industry. However, our operations have responded well. We had virtually all of our customers restored in less than two hours and we continue to expect to meet or exceed the reliability standards set by the Texas Public Utility Commission. During these recent record weather events, we only utilized commercial load management one time and while we didnt need mobile generation during this recent weather event, we have approximately 500 megawatt of capacity deployed across our system and we will be prepared to utilize it for the benefit of our customers should the conditions call for it. I am pleased with the performance of our system, but more importantly with the performance of our employees, who managed all of our grids for CenterPoint. Now, of course, we still have several weeks of summer in front of us, with more extreme temperatures forecasted and we will remain vigilant. Now lets move to capital investments. Our five-year capital investment plan of $19.3 billion has been increased twice since our September 2021 Analyst Day. Our 10-year plan is still currently expected to be $40 billion plus in investments to support the safety, resiliency and growth across our system to benefit our customers. This leads to our industry-leading projected rate base growth of 9% CAGR over the 10-year plan. We are making good stride in our strategic conversations with our customers to explore their views for further grid and infrastructure hardening and modernization, residential weatherization and investments around renewable energy infrastructure. This has included workshops with industrial customers the City of Houston and other surrounding cities. Now, I dont want to front run these conversations this quarter, but we should be in place to better describe the potential additional capital investments related to these customer-driven infrastructure discussions in our third quarter call. We expect that this will include investment updates for the greater Houston Regional Master Energy Plan, which includes the Resilient Now initiative jointly launched with the City of Houston earlier this year. As we invest to meet our customers interests, we continue to remain focused on the affordability of our capital spend. We believe we have done a really good job in this area. For example, from 2013 to 2022 our average Houston Electric charge has only increased by an average of about 1% per year. Focus on that fact for a second. That 1% translates to only a $5 increase in the average monthly charge over the last 10 years. Thats the beauty of having strong and continuous organic growth and charges rolling off the bill. The Houston area has averaged over 2% annual customer growths for the last 30 years. To further benefit customer charges, in 2024, our final Houston Electrics securitization charge will roll off the customers bill, which will provide an additional 5% reduction to the current average residential charge. This is on top of the 3% current average residential securitization charge that rolled off just this month. These changes combined with an organically growing customer base O&M discipline across our footprint work to help to reduce the customer impact the capital investment program across our system and we will seek to keep executing on these kinds of opportunities to help keep bills affordable for our customers. As I mentioned in the highlights our Indiana coal generation transition plan is also tracking nicely against the filed IRP and we have some potential bill mitigants such as a recently filed securitization. Jason will cover regulatory items in more detail in just a few minutes. So, in summary, before I turn the call over to Jason, with all of the recent strategic actions behind us, we are focused on our pure-play regulated utility footprint, with a projected 2022 rate base that is approximately 62% electric, which is within the range to some of our premium utility peers. We believe we are one of the most tangible growth stories in the industry. Our capital investments are not contingent on big bets. They are focused on meeting the needs of our customers across our system due to both organic growth and our continued investment in current system safety, reliability and resiliency needs. We expect that this will likely lead to incremental capital above our $40 billion plus included in our current 10-year plan. We anticipate to provide a more detailed update of this additional investment opportunity on our third quarter call. We raised our 2022 non-GAAP EPS guidance to $1.37 to $1.39, a 9% growth over 2021 and from that increased number project to grow at 8% annually in 2023 and 2024, and at the mid-to-high end of 6% to 8% annually thereafter through 2030, an industry leading growth rate. And we have peer leading 2035 net zero goals on the Scope 1 and 2 emissions. And for those of you that continue to track it, we still expect to reduce O&M expenses by 1% to 2% per year on average over the 10-year plan and we still have no plan to issue any equity to meet our current capital spending plans. As I stated in my opening remarks, we are excited about the nine straight quarters of execution and I want to thank all of the great employees here at CenterPoint that are delivering on those results to you each and every day. Lastly, we remain focused on achieving our value proposition, which is sustainable, resilient and affordable rates for our customers, sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders and a sustainable positive impact on the environment for our communities. With that, let me turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our second quarter call. I will start by covering the financial results for the quarter as shown on slide six. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.28 for the second quarter of 2022. Our GAAP EPS results included a portion of the tax on the gain on sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs, which we are required to recognize over the course of the full year. On a non-GAAP basis, we reported $0.31 for the second quarter of 2022, compared to $0.28 for the second quarter of 2021. Usage for this quarter was a favorable variance of $0.03 when compared to the same quarter of 2021, largely driven by the hot weather we have been experiencing in the greater Houston area. Growth in rate recovery contributed another $0.02 largely driven by continued organic customer growth and peak cost rate recovery in our Houston Electric territory. These favorable drivers were partially offset by higher interest expenses of $0.02, $0.01 of which was related to absorbing cost previously allocated to our Midstream segment in 2021. The last thing I will mention on the drivers is a tax benefit related to a lower state effective tax rate identified during the VUHI restructuring at the end of this quarter. This translated to a benefit of $0.02, which largely offset the $0.03 one-time benefit for Louisiana NOL tax benefits recognized in 2021. As Dave mentioned, we are raising our full year 2022 guidance range to $1.37 to $1.39 of non-GAAP EPS, which reflects 9% growth over the comparable $1.27 and non-GAAP EPS results for 2021 when using the midpoint of this new range. On the O&M side for the balance of the year and for the benefit of our customers and similar to what we did in 2021, we see the opportunity to pull-forward certain O&M work from 2023 and reinvest it back into the business in the latter quarters of 2022. Some of this reinvestment will include accelerating additional vegetation management work into 2022. I want to emphasize that we still expect to achieve our average annual 1% to 2% O&M reductions over the 10-year plan. Beyond 2022 and from our new and higher $1.37 to $1.39 baseline, we continued to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% each year for 2023 and 2024, and at the mid to high point of 6% to 8% annually through 2030. Our focus continues to be on delivering strong industry leading growth each and every year. Turning to capital investments on slide seven. We are tracking nicely against our current investment plan, having spent just over $2 billion in the first six months of this year, which is nearly 50% of our full year program. These programs are focused on continuing to invest in safety, resiliency, reliability, growth and clean enablement of our service. To echo Daves earlier remarks, we are well on our way to developing incremental customer driven opportunities above our existing plan, including for the greater Houston area Regional Master Energy Plan. We expect to provide a comprehensive update on our third quarter earnings call. We announced earlier this year that our Minnesota Gas Utility is now among the first gas utilities to add green hydrogen to its distribution system. We appreciate the state support of these kinds of innovative solutions that reduce carbon emissions in advance a clean energy future and we look forward to working with the commission and other stakeholders as we get closer to filing our first plan under the Natural Gas Innovation Act next year. Turning to our generation related investments, we received a few positive outcomes from the Indiana Commission recently, including the IURCs approval of our 460-megawatt natural gas peaking facility. This facility will help provide stability to our customers energy need in times of intermittent renewable generation and is targeted to be operational in 2025. The cleaner generation footprint compared to coal generation aligns with our current net zero goals. Beyond this, we recently filed our approval of 130 megawatts of owned solar generation. These projects will bring our total owned and contracted solar to over 800 megawatts, which is tracking well against our integrated resource plan call for approximately 700 megawatt to a 1000 megawatt of solar and approximately 300 megawatts of wind. We anticipate filing for the remaining balance of generation needs later this year, which will include a project to be owned by our Indiana Electric Utility. We will begin the planning process for our next Integrated Resource Plan soon after earnings and anticipate filing that plan in mid-2023. This upcoming IRP will provide guidance on our remaining coal-fired assets. As a foundation for this IRP, we recently conducted an All Source Request for Proposal, where we received nearly 100 proposals from several dozen participants including wind, solar and battery storage that will help inform our IRP process. We look forward to working with stakeholders through this process to develop a constructive outcome for our customers. Moving to a broader regulatory update on slide eight. We have securitization efforts going on in a couple of jurisdictions. We anticipate receiving securitization proceeds in the coming months in Texas, related to incremental natural gas costs also related to winter storm Uri, which will securitize approximately $1.1 billion of these costs. With that we will have recovered over 80% of incremental gas costs incurred during winter storm Uri. In addition to the Texas securitization, we recently filed for securitization in Indiana of approximately $360 million of costs related to the retirement of two coal facilities. This is a first filing of its kind in Indiana. The securitization supports the generation transition capital investment plans and should result in a decrease for the benefit of our customers of the associated retirement costs of these assets by up to $60 million when compared to the traditional rate making. The current procedural schedule anticipates a decision by the end of 2022 and if the financing order is approved, we would expect a bond issuance in the first quarter of 2023. Beyond the securitizations, we will begin recovering the $78 million in Texas related to the traditional distribution capital portion of the DCRF filing in September. Based on the Texas Public Utility Commission order, we filed an amendment for the mobile generation related portion of the DCRF filing and have a hearing scheduled in October. As noted on our last call, there is often more regulatory scrutiny to get a new capital item into the existing mechanism. We look forward to working constructively with stakeholders to resolve that rate application in the coming months. We continue to believe these are valuable tools to help meet the needs of our customers in the event they are called upon. Outside of those updates, I will remind everybody on the regulatory side, we have limited regulatory risk near-term with no major rate cases to be filed until the latter part of 2023. Turning to the VUHI transaction on slide nine. We are excited to complete the VUHI Restructuring this past quarter, which is have been about four years in the making. We were able to transfer our Indiana Gas Company and Vectren electric delivery of Ohio subsidiaries into CERC, which now holds, almost all of our natural gas utility businesses. Along with the restructuring, we were able to pay off approximately $700 million of additional parent level debt that will now be more efficiently financed at CERC operating company instead of relying on inter-company borrowings. The greater scale and stronger credit profile of CERC should benefit our customers through lower future financing costs on an ongoing basis, resulting in an anticipated customer savings over the long-term. Through the restructuring process we were able to remove certain restrictive covenants previously contained in the VUHI private placement notes that restricted the amount of securitization bonds that Indiana Electric could issue, which I discussed earlier. Additionally, in the future we anticipate financing Indiana Electric on a standalone basis through first mortgage bonds further reducing inter-company borrowings from the parent. These actions also aligned with our goal to have parent level debt at approximately 20% of total debt outstanding, which will help mitigate the impact of a rising interest rate environment. This restructuring is another example of delivering value for both our customers and our investors. Lastly to cover some credit related topics. In addition to improving parent level debt balance, our FFO to debt as of the second quarter was approximately 16%, exceeding our long-term objective of 14% to 15% aligning with Moodys methodology. We believe that these improvements in the balance sheet coupled with our efficient recycling of capital puts us in a position of being able to offer industry leading growth without the need for external equity. I will briefly mention that we plan to renew our shelf registration in the near future as the existing 2019 registration statement is expiring. We have not issued any new shares under that program in a few quarters and have no intentions of doing so in the future, but we believe it is good practice to keep a shelf registration outstanding. Those are my updates for the quarter. As we continue to express we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you have heard from us today, we have nine straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated utility and firmly on the pathway to premium with incremental growth opportunities driven by our customers demands.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Dave. We will now turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning guys.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Shar.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Dave, sort of the guidance raise today for 2022 as you call out is now kind of implying 9% growth in 2022, does that kind of imply a stronger trajectory for future years, despite you just reiterating 8% in the near-term? I mean, you obviously showing some confidence in the raise despite sort of the broader backdrop and appending GRC filing potentially end of -- at the end of 2023. So whats driving it and then any placeholders there with your internal planning assumptions for Resiliency Now in there?
Dave Lesar: No. I think, yeah, first of all, we wouldnt express the confidence that we have in continuing to grow our earnings if we didnt believe in it. So I think that needs to be your first take away. Second is, we do have a lot of tailwinds in the business right now. I think the great thing for us is that almost all of them are customer driven tailwinds. We clearly have the organic growth that we highlighted, the jobs growth 2%, residential growth quarter-over-quarter, certainly weather is helping us at this point in time and helping us really because the margin we are getting from that will allow them to pull O&M forward from 2023 to benefit our customers in 2022. And then clearly, we continue to have the 1% to 2% long-term O&M reduction. The increased capital is clearly showing up in earnings and we will continue to show up in earnings. So, as I said, if we werent really confident and where we were going, we would say that. I mean maybe the benefit I get as CEO is focusing on the tailwinds. There are some headwinds out there and maybe Jason can hit on those.
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks, Dave. Thanks for the question, Shar. I know the industry has been talking a lot about rising interest rates and pension expense. I think we are in an enviable position on both of those. From an interest expense standpoint, we are really one of the few utilities that significantly paying down parent company debt and floating rate debt. In over the last six months, we paid off $1.1 billion of parent company debt with a weighted average coupon of 3.4%. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we are prepared to pay down $1 billion of floating rate debt as soon as the Texas securitization proceeds are received here in the second half of the year. And from a pension expense, we are really fortunate to work in constructive regulatory jurisdictions. We get to defer about two-thirds of our pension expense. So we are in a good spot and maybe not necessarily headwind, what I do want to remind folks of is the fact that we increased capital already $500 million this year and so that provides further tailwinds to address anything that comes up and sort of central to your question, Shar. The guidance raise and resulting increase in subsequent years is before the addition of the Resiliency Now capital. We will provide a comprehensive update as it relates to that incremental capital on the Q3 call.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think that -- the key point that Jason just said, we are not going to front run our Q3 conversation on incremental capital. So the increased guidance were given is -- we gave you today is essentially from the capital that we have already communicated to you in the past.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. So the incremental capital to be incremental to your guidance. Got it. So that -- then we will look forward to that in the third quarter. And then just -- Dave just looking at sort of that interest rate backdrop, I guess, does that kind of prompt any potential reconsideration of the M&A outlook as we think about the value of potentially monetizing more LDC asset, any change here versus your prior thoughts? It sounded like from your prepared remarks you may be comfortable with sort of that electric gas business mix as you comp closely with other premium names now. So just curious how you are thinking about it just given the change in the capital markets? Thanks.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, as Jason alluded to, we have got plenty of cash flow at this point in time. If you recall what we have said almost from day one or I have said from day one, I mean, our North Star is no further issuance of equity to dilute our shareholder base out. So thats sort of the stake in the ground. As Jason said in his prepared remarks, we have got certainly a lot of cash flow from the prior LDC sales, the Enable sale. We have got some upcoming securitizations as we refine sort of the tax exposure on some of the transactions. We are finding additional capital there. So at the end of the day, we are going to wait until Q3 and we will give a comprehensive update to not only the incremental capital that may come out of our Resilient Now and Master Energy Plan, but how we intend to finance all that without additional equity issuances. So just sort of hold that thought.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. Congrats guys on the results. Appreciate it.
Dave Lesar: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Dave Lesar: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Thanks. Hey. Good morning. Great update. Just curious, I know its very recent, but the curious on how you think the company is positioned on the corporate minimum tax thats part of the proposed inflation act from last week?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I will let Jason take that one.
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, Steve. I appreciate the question. Maybe before turning directly to the minimum tax, I do think the real opportunity here is the opportunity for incremental margin associated with transportation electrification. As we highlighted on our Analyst Day, every electric vehicle thats connected to our grid is about $80 of margin a year. So we are excited about the continued support of electrification. And then in addition, the extension of the tax credits will help us more efficiently execute our coal transition up in Indiana. So we think those are definitely tailwinds for the company. As it relates to the minimum tax, its going to likely be a very modest headwind for the company that we will be able to efficiently overcome. We have been historically cash taxpayer and as you cut through kind of all the one-time transactions as we have been executing on our strategic reset and the timing of the unrecovered natural gas costs, we generally paid federal cash taxes at an effective rate of about 10%. So we see the introduction of a minimum tax that will likely be reduced from the credits that will be generated from the coal transition in Indiana as a modest headwind. But, again, I would emphasize, this is something that we will be able to efficiently overcome and I think that candidly that we are in a much better position than many of our peers, who havent been paying federal cash taxes over the years.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you. And one other question, just we have had a little bit of a tougher market environment in terms of capital markets and I know you just said that you dont really -- you have a lot of cash available. But in the event you were to pursue another gas LDC sales, do you feel like that the market is still there to sell a strong price somewhere in the ballpark of last time?
Jason Wells: We do Steve. We continue to get a significant amount of inbound from the market and clearly rising interest rates are having, what I would say, sort of a modest impact. But what I think is more than offsetting that is I think comfort and a much higher terminal value for gas LDCs. I think a confluence of events, whether it would be Winter Storm Uri or the war in Ukraine has kind of led to sort of better comfort for a long-term diversity in energy supply. And so as we get kind of inbound interest we are seeing again much more comfort with a much higher terminal value for gas LDCs particularly Mid-Continent where we are fortunate to operate ours. But I just want to sort of emphasize what Dave already mentioned. We have had a number of incremental improvements to our cash flow forecast since our last update at Analyst Day, couple of things that I will quickly point out is we were really conservative as it related to the tax basis for the gas LDC sales. So we have lowered taxes there than we expected. And a theme of continued to optimize our tax position, we were able to minimize some of the taxes on the sale of the energy transfer common units. We have got about $100 million more of incremental proceeds from the securitization up in Indiana. And so, what I would say, all-in-all, we have a significant amount of positive cash flow developments that will help us efficiently fund our capital update that we plan to provide on the Q3 call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to come back to the DC package if could, just wondering on the tax credit side, is there anything particular there thats catching your interest that you are closely watching that could present more opportunities for CenterPoint?
Dave Lesar: I think for us the core benefit of the extension of the tax credits in and of themselves. Some of our peers are talking about transferability. We are not necessarily in a position to really take advantage of that just given the fact that we have a fairly modest coal transition program. We are talking about effectively 1 gigawatt of generation up in Indiana. So we will utilize those credits to kind of optimize our current tax position and so I think the key benefit is just the extension of the tax credits. We will look at the opportunity maybe a lot of production tax credits for solar, but ultimately, whats going to govern is sort of whats the most efficient way for us to complete the coal transition for our customers up in Indiana.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. Got it. So maybe this doesnt impact generation replacement in Indiana depending on how things fallout here, but just wondering if theres any more details on that side specifically that you might be able to provide?
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, we have -- as we have talked about, I think, we are well on our way to transitioning and retirement of two of the three coal units up in Indiana. I think what the extension of the tax credits is they put us in a better position with this third and final coal facility that will be addressing in our integrated resource plan that we will file in early 2023. But I just think with the certainty around the extension of the tax credits we are just going to be in a much better place to efficiently execute on the retirement of that third and final coal facility.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Just a real quick last one, as far as the capital update, I know you are not going to front run it here for 3Q, but should we be thinking this is largely Houston focused or could there be other elements of size?
Jason Wells: We are not going to front run the conversation. Sorry.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you very much. Happy going.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Andrew Weisel with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Dave Lesar: Good Morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Andrew Weisel: First, just a couple of questions on the summer heat waves and how you are managing that, I think you said you only use the commercial load management once. Can you remind us the relative sizes of the voluntary demand response program versus force load shedding and can you specifically comment on the role that cryptocurrency miners played in terms of curtailing demand and if you view that to be a real and reliable lever to pull going forward?
Jason Wells: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. Our official load management program was roughly call it 125 megawatts and that was the official -- the one official sort of use of the commercial loan management program that was one of the day where we curtailed load on a very minor basis using a reduction in voltage. But just to get again to give that to size, its roughly about 125 megawatts versus our peak demand of call it 19.5 gigs, so kind of a fraction of the overall demand on our system. As it relates to crypto mining, what I would say is, I think, parties are still trying to kind of understand how effective of a lever that is. We are not seeing directly as much mining in the greater Houston area. As we have talked about historically we represent about 2.5% of the geography of Texas, but a quarter of the energy demand and so we are sort of short power requiring a significant import from out of state. As a result, that and land is more expensive here. As a result of that, we are seeing crypto mining more located kind of in the Texas Panhandle closer to the generation sources. Some of that is really flexible and I think has been a lever that ERCOT is used. Some of that is behind the meter and is maybe a little less visible to ERCOT. So I think this opportunity around embracing sort of economic development of crypto mining for the state is one that will require continued focus to make sure that we can balance demand and supply as we see some of these peak events.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. It is fair to say that it is on the radar screen of the PUC, because the last time we visited with a number of the PUC commissioners, which was just a few weeks ago, it was really top of mind at that point in time. But as Jason has said there, everybody is trying to get a handle on how much of it really is behind the meter right now and how much of it is addressable if the state continues to get tight on power.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Great. And then maybe more broadly after being tested so intensely through July, how do you feel about the condition of the grid? Has it kept up with the strong economic and population growth in recent years? I am talking about the wire specifically, not the supply piece, which is beyond your control? And then can you just remind us how much of the $40 billion plan relates to Houston reliability or resiliency before the update in a few months?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Jason, do you want to take that?
Jason Wells: Yeah. I think is the grid itself, so the transmission and distribution system held up remarkably well. We build our system here in the greater Houston area to withstand these peak sort of heat events that we experienced, and as we said, our system stood up well. Our focus is on making sure that theres adequacy of this energy supply, but very proud about how our system held up, how our crews responded when we had some outages from storm-related events, like, Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks. Of the $40 billion CapEx program that we outlined in 10-year CapEx plan for the entire company, about $22 billion of that relates to Houston Electric. And what I would say currently about $8 billion, about $22 billion is really sort of resiliency spend. Think about $11 billion of that is really sort of growth enablement connecting new customers, increasing capacity of their system. The rest is sort of capital thats used to kind of support the overall business. And so, as we think about our broader capital update and ensuring that our system remains resilient in the face of more extreme temperatures, more extreme weather events, we likely will see increase in that resiliency component. But again we will provide a comprehensive update on the Q3 call.
Andrew Weisel: Very good. Then one more if I may. Jason, I think, you said, you are starting to -- you are thinking about pulling forward expenses from future years into 2022. Has that already started, I think you mentioned pre-trimming? How does the hot summer weather impact your ability both physically and in terms of affordability in the context of inflation? And then how are you thinking about the timing of O&M is relative to the Houston Electric rate case you intend to file in 15 months or 18 months or so?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me handle sort of the front-end and then I will let Jason handle the latter part of the question. I think to put it in context, if you remember back to our discussions last year where we did reduce our O&M 1% year-over-year, even though we brought forward $20 million plus of O&M from 2022 into 2021, basically to attack things like vegetation management and opportunities like that. And we really are sort of in a rinse and repeat year here in 2022 taking advantage of the margin that the hotter weather has provided us to pull some O&M forward from 2023 to 2022 to address the very exact issues that we have talked about, more vegetation management and really spending that money for the benefit of our customers, while still being able to reduce O&M 1% to 2% over the 10-year average that we have. So, again, it really is the benefit of the fantastic market that we have in Houston. I know you probably get tired of me harping on it, but the beauty of organic growth and the ability to invest ahead of that growth is just a luxury that other utilities dont have that we have here in Houston. And so every decision we make is made through the lens of how can we benefit our customers sooner rather than later and thats the decisions that we are making.
Andrew Weisel: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
David Arcaro: Hey. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Dave.
David Arcaro: I am wondering if you could talk to load growth for a minute just what you are seeing in terms of weather normal load growth and specifically on the industrial growth side of things. I am also curious if you are seeing just any indications or early indications of any softness in the industrial load levels?
Dave Lesar: No. I think the industrial load growth continues to expand. I think if you just look at who our customer base is down and what basically if you takes the port facility in Houston through refinery, grow through the petrochem complex and the amount of final investment decisions that have been made over the last few years, expanding capacity in basically the whole petrochem complex. So we see that as a continued growth engine for us. And I think the short answer is, I dont think we are seeing any indication of any slowdown in industrial demand on our system at this point in time.
Jason Wells: Id add from a residential standpoint, we are continuing to see just north of 2% increase in new customers. On a weather adjusted basis, what I think is really interesting is, at least through the first five months of the year so through May, we saw usage on a weather adjusted basis outpacing customer growth. We didnt see that as much in June, but June was as we have talked about sort of a record month with weather. But I come back to the sort of usage trend that we are monitoring to see how this unfolds. There could be, what I will call, maybe a new normal in terms of residential usage with more of a work from home model, as we see customers spending a couple of days working from home, while also at the same time businesses are welcoming the employees back, we may see on a longer term basis a trend with a slightly higher usage on a weather adjusted basis than we are seeing in terms of just new customer connections. So base business remained strong as David continued to highlight in terms of new customer connects, whether its been great, but we are also seeing a modest uptick in usage.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. And I would say the other thing that we are looking at as another potential tailwind and Jason hit on it a little bit earlier. As we said in our last Analyst Day, Houston is one of the least penetrated EV markets of a major city in the U.S. and with the Inflation Reduction Act, basically being very supportive of the electrification of the vehicle fleet. We see a big potential for the City of Houston and the need for us to continue to enhance the grid just to handle the needs that are going to come out of there. Jason mentioned $80 per margin, per car, per year from an electric vehicle. I think another way to think about it is the stat that we gave at our last Analyst Day where it could be another 1% organic growth driver on top of the 2% organic growth we have at this point in time, which really would be sort of extraordinary baseline growth in your organization all point into why for the benefit of our customers. We would have to continue to upgrade the resiliency and hardening of the grid. So its a really good place to be right now.
David Arcaro: Got it. Thats really helpful color. It sounds like continued strong fundamentals on that basis. And then I was wondering if you could just talk to any transmission growth opportunities that emerge you see, such as tight power market in Texas recently this season, wondering if any transmission related solutions have popped up, whether its congestion related around the City of Houston and whether that could be an element of the CapEx upside -- their CapEx update that we see?
Jason Wells: Yeah. I think we are continuing to work on a number of transmission opportunities. As I highlighted it kind of we are short anywhere between sort of 40% and 60% of kind of power in each year in the greater Houston area just kind of given our profile. So there is a strong focus on increasing the number of import transmission lines sort of available to bring power in kind of reducing congestion. I think it was really in customers interest, the state passed and put into law last year the opportunity to build new transmission from an economic dimension standpoint. So on an economic basis, reducing kind of the congestion charges. We are working with ERCOT and the PUCT to develop those projects. And there may be some incremental transmission updates that we provide as part of the Q3 update, which will be a comprehensive capital update at that time. So continues to be an area where we think that there is incremental investment opportunity and we will say sort of quantifying that update until we will provide a comprehensive CapEx increase on the Q3 call.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think if you look at what came out of the change in Texas law at the end of the last session so that move from reliability based, economic based transmission lines, we are waiting and I know that PUC is focused on getting their regulations that hopefully here by the end of the year in and around how they are going to approach the deciding and putting in of new transmission lines. So, as Jason said, we are excited about it. We think that we can make the case for economic transmission lines. We have just got to wait for that process to get itself completed.
David Arcaro: Okay. Great. That makes sense. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for the time.
Dave Lesar: Hi, Julien.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey.
Dave Lesar: Hey.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Pleasure. Just first off, on the solar update, just can you give us a little bit of a sense of the timeline for those projects now and the CapEx that was moved around and pulled forward to offset the impact of delays previously? Does this kind of imply a higher step up in 2024 and 2025 than previously expected or how should we think about the latitude created and/or exactly where sort of the status of solar projects are today as best you see them?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Julien. I think we are seeing a lot more comfort from the developers that we are working with in terms of panel supply. Our original 10-year plan assumed our first solar project coming online at the end of 2023. That may move into 2024. But I think as I said, overall, we are starting to see a lot more comfort with panel supply. So I think that we will largely be on sort of schedule for the build out and ownership of the solar component of the plan. As you pointed out, we -- on a net basis over the first five years of 10-year planning, increased our capital expenditures $400 million last quarter. That gives us the opportunity to overcome any potential delay if that for solar project shifts from 2023 to 2024. As we get back on schedule to your point that up $200 million and becomes incremental earnings power for the company. So we will give sort of broader update on that as well as the incremental capital from Resiliency Now and other opportunities on the Q3 call. But think about this as just a stronger sort of set of tailwinds for the company as we move forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. This is just a slight shift in earnings still. All right. Excellent. Let me come back to your O&M commentary, I just want to make sure I understand this, because you guys have been had you put forward on this 1% to 2% for a while here, but whats the gross level, as you can speak of it this way of inflation that you are seeing out there and how much of an incremental spike are you having to put up here to offset that impact? I just wanted -- I guess that you guys made three packages into saying we were -- we reiterate our commitment on the reductions. I just wanted to understand how much of an inflationary pressure you are otherwise having attract against here to maintain that commitment, and obviously, cognizant here of the pull-forward into 2022 here to derisk 2023 as well?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks Julien for the question. We are not immune to inflation. But I think we are relatively well positioned. We are seeing the impact of inflation more on the capital side, more on sort of materials that we are necessarily on labor. As it relates to sort of a broader kind of labor costs, our crews and our contract -- contractors that we use all sort of follow our union agreements. These are multiyear agreements that have stated annual increases in labor costs and so we have set those, those have been sort of in place. And I think what that does is that provides certainty to our workforce in years where maybe inflation is lower, our workforce is getting a benefit in terms of a stated increase and in years where maybe inflation runs a little higher. Our customers are getting the benefit of kind of a stable overall cost to labor. So for that reason we are not necessarily seeing the cost impact of inflation on O&M quite as much as one may think. And so at the end of the day, it really is kind of a little bit more pressure on supplies on the capital standpoint.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Interesting. And so just as equivalent you have third quarter update here, would you expect there also sort of cascade for that inflationary impact on your core plan in addition to some of these other factors you talked about before or are you thinking about just simply shifting out projects in order to keep your sort of critical core plan in fact, if you will, just given those inflationary pressures on capital?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I know its a good question and I want to provide context. As we look at kind of a $19.3 billion five-year plan, a $40 billion CapEx plan over 10 years, the incremental inflationary pressure is not that significant. Its not going to be one of the growth drivers. We are focused on executing our projects, right? Its important to modernize our gas system, improve the reliability of our electric system. So its about executing work sort of to directly answer to your question then. Yes, it will be a comprehensive capital update inclusive of new project work for Resiliency Now, inclusive of the potential for some inflation, but I wouldnt necessarily
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah.
Dave Lesar: Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Operator. We are going to
Dave Lesar: driver of any CapEx increase.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. Excellent. See you guys soon. Be well.
Jason Wells: You bet.
Dave Lesar: Thank you.
Jackie Richert: Operator, we are going to thank everyone for joining our second quarter call. Now that we are just passed the hour here, so we are going to disconnect. But thank you everyone for joining in on the second quarter call.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys second quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:02 Good morning and welcome to the CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operators Instruction] 00:25 I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: 00:40 Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint 's earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our CFO will discuss the company's first quarter 2022 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. 01:07 Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will be discussing certain non-GAAP measures on todays call. When providing guidance we use the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. 01:35 For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of our non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. 01:58 Now, Id like to turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: 02:03 Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and thank you to everyone joining us for our first quarter 2022 earnings call. I run through our latest highlights and headlines as we continue to build on our consistent track record of earnings delivery. First, we have now delivered eight straight quarters of operational execution by this current management team. We are now among the pure-play utilities having sold our remaining Energy Transfer position and fully exiting our midstream investment well before the year-end 2022 target that we committed to you. 02:47 The 2022 ET common and preferred net proceeds were approximately $490 million after taxes, bringing the combined total net proceeds from the ultimate divestiture of Enable to approximately $1.3 billion after taxes. In addition, following our first quarter Arkansas and Oklahoma LDC divestiture, our rate base is now forecasted to be 62% electric based on 2022 year end projections, getting us into the range of some of our premium utility peers. We utilized the total net after-tax proceeds of approximately $2.9 billion from these two transactions to pay down associated debt and plan to recycle the remaining cash to fund our industry-leading rate base growth, all without planned external equity issuances. 03:50 We are also on track to meet our $1.36 to $1.38 non-GAAP EPS guidance for 2022, including the $0.47 we reported for the first quarter of 2022. Keep in mind that the gas LDCs we sold removed $0.03 from earnings this quarter when compared to the first quarter of 2021. And the full year impact of the loss of the divested gas LDCs will normalize to about $0.02 when compared to last year. 04:24 We also reiterate our non-GAAP EPS annual growth rate guidance of 8% to 2024 and from there the mid-to high-end of our 6% to 8% growth guidance through 2030 and Jason will get into these details shortly. We also continue to see organic growth across our system including 11 consecutive years of 2% or greater customer growth in the Houston Electric area, a differentiating luxury many other utilities just do not have. 05:02 We continued working with our customers to identify their needs for increased safety, reliability and clean, sustainable investments, including Houston's master energy plan called Resilient Now, which is helping us to determine further capital planning decisions and we will have more to say on that in future quarters. 05:26 More importantly, we remain focused on keeping our bills affordable for our customers. We believe that the combination of expected organic growth across our jurisdictions, when combined with our plan to have average reductions of 1% to 2% in O&M per year over the course of our 10-year plan. And the securitization charges rolling out of rates in Houston Electric will create bill headroom to help reduce the impact of new capital spending. Those are our latest headlines. We strive to continue our track record that we've established over the past two years of executing on this world-class investment thesis. 06:11 Moving to capital investments. We are in year two of our capital plan, which has now increased to $19.3 billion over the next five years. This is an increase from the $19.2 billion, we discussed at year-end and as our second increase to our five-year plan since our Analyst Day. Our 10-year plan is still currently expected to be $40 billion plus of investments to support the safety, resiliency and growth across our system to benefit our customers. We expect that this decade of growth will be achieved through traditional utility investments with no big project or technology bets and minimal regulatory lag. This leads to our industry-leading projected rate base growth of 9% CAGR over the 10-year plan. 07:08 In the first quarter of 2022, we invested approximately $1 billion, including the mobile generation leases and are now tracking slightly ahead of our capital plan for the full year. Today we are announcing an increase in our estimated spend for 2022 to $4.3 billion, up from $4 billion, as we have accelerated approximately $300 million of work from the latter years of our plan, which Jason will get into shortly. 07:43 As we execute on the capital investment plan we outlined, we also continue to work closely with our customers to serve their needs, including safety, increased system resiliency in growth to drive further incremental capital investments that are not currently in the $19.3 billion. For example, last quarter, we highlighted the initiative called Resilient Now, jointly launched with the City of Houston. 08:13 We continue to work with the City of Houston and surrounding cities to develop future capital opportunities in the Houston area to help support the community with its continued economic growth, help meet the challenges of more frequent weather events, support the build out of its EV infrastructure and advance its environmental goals. This includes grid and infrastructure hardening and modernization, residential weatherization and investments around renewable energy infrastructure. This will be a multiyear investment need. We have made good progress with our customers in identifying the framework for continued grid resiliency and will be excited to discuss more on this topic in the fall of this year. 09:05 In addition to the city driven initiatives, the broader Houston port area, which includes the world's largest petrochemical complex, refining industries and global LNG export facilities are experiencing unprecedented investment and increased energy needs. We are anticipating increased loan demand across our system over the next three to five years to accommodate their continued investment and development needs. This includes at least 1 gigawatt related to expected projects, which based on current system capacity in that area will likely accelerate our capital investment plans by a further $150 million to meet those needs once these projects are finalized. And there is likely more opportunities as other projects in this area gain further support and move toward final investment decisions. 10:04 Furthermore, we are also continuing to work with other industrial or manufacturing customers across other areas of our service territory, which could drive further incremental investments. It's fair to say, that when our investments are helping support the economic vitality of the communities that we have the privilege to serve, it is an exciting time to be here at CenterPoint. 10:32 Shifting to customer affordability. As I stated earlier, as we invest in future capital, we remain focused on how to keep customer bills affordable. One way we can do this is with continued discipline on our operating and maintenance expenses. We have opportunities across our system, which we expect will result in an annual average 1% to 2% of O&M savings over the course of our 10-year plan. It is our responsibility as a management team to strive to achieve this benefit for our customers, even in these inflationary times. As we look across our system, we still believe there are plenty of ways to do so. 11:18 One great example of such work is our Intellis, smart meter system deployment, which some of you saw in person back at our Analyst Day. We initially piloted this program in the first quarter of 2021 and began the official deployment here in our Texas gas business last month. These advanced meters are expected to offer safety, environmental, operational and cost benefits for our customers. For example, they are designed to enable automatic shut-offs to help reduce the risk associated with safety events, allow for remote disconnects and centralized meter reads. This program will help drive significant savings across our gas system when deployed fully. We will soon be working towards implementing this in our other service territories as well. 12:13 Similarly, our continued execution of our coal transition plan in Indiana is helping avoid what otherwise would be significant customer bill increases related to coal generation. Continued operation of our coal facilities would cost customers an additional $50 per month as Federal EPA regulations around operating coal plants, which we are obligated to comply with become increasingly stringent. All things being equal, we currently estimate that the cleaner portfolio of renewables in the gas CT will result in customer bill increases less than the $10 a month. We originally anticipated, while also significantly reducing our carbon footprint. 13:05 Back in our Houston Electric territory, there will be incremental headroom created through the continued roll off of charges from securitization bonds associated with the 1999 Electric Market Restructuring Law and Hurricane Ike from 2007. Back in 2019, two transition bonds ended. The charges related to these bonds of almost 7% of the average residential bill was then eliminated. 13:34 The bill charges related to the upcoming storm bond rolling off in August makes up over 3% of the current average residential bill while the charges related to the remaining transition bond that rolls off in 2024 is approximately another 5% of current average residential bills. All of these things will help reduce the impact to our customers of capital investments across our system and we will seek to keep executing on these kinds of opportunities to keep bills affordable for our customers. 14:14 So in summary, before I turn the call over to Jason, we are meeting our customers' growing needs across our system due to both organic growth and by upgrading the current system safety and resiliency needs, which we expect will likely lead to incremental capital above our $40 billion plus over the course of our 10-year plan. And we plan to fund it without issuing external equity and without straining our balance sheet. Despite this growth, we remain committed to providing affordable service by managing our costs, targeting an average 1% to 2% reduction annually in our O&M taking advantage of our organic growth and benefiting from things like the regulatory charges that are rolling out of rates at Houston Electric. 15:10 Our current capital investment plan leads into our 10-year rate base outlook. We project approximately 11% rate base growth CAGR through 2025, which normalizes into an approximately 9% CAGR over the full 10-year plan. From that rate base, we expect industry-leading 8% annual non-GAAP EPS growth through 2024 in the mid to high-end of our 6% to 8% range from there through 2030. And we are excited to share with you later this year, the impacts of the expected incremental capital that I have discussed. 15:55 As I stated in my opening remarks, we are excited about the eight straight quarters of execution and all of the employees here at CenterPoint that are delivering results every single day. We heard loud and clear that many of you wanted CenterPoint to exit the midstream industry. We did it in a way we believe was better and quicker than many of you ever expected within four months of the merger between Enable and Energy Transfer, we've sold 100% of our common units at a 20% premium to Energy Transfers unit price when the transaction was announced last February. Not a bad outcome for those shareholders who thought we would never get out of this investment let alone receive approximately $1.3 billion of net after-tax proceeds from it. We listened to our investors and are now a pure-play regulated utility with continued growth driven by customer demands. 17:00 And lastly, we remain focused on achieving our value proposition, which is sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders, sustainable resilient and affordable rates for our customers, and a sustainable positive impact on the environment for our communities. 17:20 With that, I will turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: 17:24 Thank you, Dave and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our first quarter call. I'll start by covering the financial results for the quarter. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.82 for the first quarter of 2022. This includes Midstream related earnings of $0.05, including the net gain on the sale of the Energy Transfer common and preferred unit sales and the cost associated with the early extinguishment of the related debt, as well as the net after-tax gain on our Arkansas and Oklahoma LDC sale of $0.30. Excluding those and other items as noted, we reported $0.47 of non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter of 2022, which was flat to the comparable quarter of 2021 as shown on Slide 5. 18:11 Our first quarter of 2022 earnings were reduced by $0.03 due to losing the earnings related to Arkansas and Oklahoma operations, which were divested on January 10 and as Dave mentioned, those earnings are seasonally weighted towards the winter months. Our results included favorable growth and rate recovery contributing $0.05 this quarter, while weather usage and other contributed $0.02 when compared to the first quarter of 2021. These positive benefits were partially offset by $0.03 compared to the same quarter last year, due to higher ongoing cost management expenses. $0.01 of which was related to interest expense that was previously allocated to our Midstream segment in the first quarter of 2021, which will be absorbed in the consolidated earnings going forward. The remaining variance is related to the timing of our O&M savings in 2021. 19:02 On the O&M side, and as we discussed throughout last year, we had a fast start to savings in the first quarter, but we reinvested that savings back into the business throughout the remainder of the year that acceleration into last year has driven a higher run rate for O&M in the first quarter of 2022, but we see this as purely a timing related variance. The bottom line is, we fully expect to hit our average annual 1% to 2% O&M reduction over the 10-year plan. 19:29 We continue to have confidence in our ability to drive further O&M efficiencies. One example is the meter program that Dave discussed. We piloted this program back in the first quarter of 2021 and as of April this year, we are now in full deployment mode for the meter program in Texas and anticipate productivity improvements for the remainder of this year. We are also reaffirming our full-year 2022 guidance range of $1.36 to $1.38 of non-GAAP EPS, which reflects 8% growth over the comparable $1.27 non-GAAP EPS results for 2021. 20:04 We expect that our earnings ratio will be somewhat back-end loaded as some of our recovery mechanisms are skewed towards the latter half of the year. Such as our DCRF filing, which I'll discuss shortly. The actions we have taken to simplify our story are illustrated on this page. We expect to have a simpler, more digestible investor story going forward. Beyond 2022, we continue to expect to grow non-GAAP EPS 8% each year through 2024 and at the mid to high point of 6% to 8% annually through 2030. Our focus is to deliver strong growth each and every year. 20:39 Turning to Slide 6. Dave covered a lot of the customer driven capital investment opportunities we have ahead of us. As he said, we are in year two of a very attainable and tangible capital investment plan of $40 billion plus through 2030, which you can see here on this page, these projects are focused on safety, resiliency, reliability, growth and clean enablement. One item to discuss on a clean energy side. Recognizing, there is a lot of conversation regarding the availability of imported solar panels. While we're not immune to the current market factors our next facility is not slated to come into service until the fourth quarter of 2023 and a lot can and will happen between now and then. 21:24 We are working with our developers and suppliers and feel good about their early attention towards identifying possible alternatives if needed. We will obviously be learning more over the coming weeks and months, but we remain firmly committed to our long-term renewable generation transition and our timeline for our net zero and carbon reduction emission goals will remain unchanged. It is important to note that while we are only anticipating less than $0.02 of earnings benefit in 2024 from the generation transition, we have pulled forward some other capital work into 2022 for the latter part of the plan to reduce the risk and to continue to invest for the benefit of our customers. 22:00 As a result of this acceleration, we are now forecasting to spend $4.3 billion in capital expenditures during 2022 and have increased our five-year capital expenditure forecast to $19.3 billion from $19.2 billion. This is our second increase to the plan since Analyst Day. We are also fortunate to have regulatory mechanisms that allow for timely recovery of our capital investment, about 80% of the 10-year capital plan is eligible for recovery and expected to be recovered through interim capital recovery mechanisms. An example of which includes our recent distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF rate, which is expected to go into effect September 1 this year. 22:45 This is a filing for Houston Electric to recover $1.6 billion in distribution capital we have made since 2018. These investments were dedicated to system improvements, load growth, intelligent grid projects and temporary emergency mobile generation. Our continued focus on cost controls and other items should help mitigate the bill impact for our customers. As is often the case with including something new like mobile generation and an existing mechanism, there is more regulatory scrutiny than usual around this year's DCRF, which includes the first tranche of our mobile generation investment. We look forward to working constructively with stakeholders to resolve the rate application on a timeline consistent with the DCRF statute. 23:31 In our Minnesota gas jurisdiction, we recently filed a constructive rate case settlement with all intervening parties specifying a rate of return on equity of 9.39% and resulting in an annual revenue requirement increase of $48.5 million. The settlement is subject to Minnesota PUC's review and the anticipated approval is expected in the third quarter of 2022. That rate case application used a forward test year providing timely recovery of our forecasted capital investments in reliability and safety across our system for the benefit of our customers as well as our first green hydrogen pilot project, which recently went into service. 24:10 We are excited to now have the green hydrogen production facility online, which we'll use about 1 megawatt of renewable generation to produce hydrogen, which is then mixed into our natural gas system. While this is a small pilot project, it's a step in the right direction as we, our customers and our regulators progress towards a better understanding of how hydrogen can fit into our long-term broader carbon emission reduction goals. Additional green hydrogen and other renewable gas projects will be considered in future or Natural Gas Innovation Act filings which we plan to submit later this year. 24:43 Turning towards a broader regulatory update. We have securitization efforts going on in a couple of jurisdictions, which I'll provide an update on. This mechanism allows for a recovery of certain costs while once again lessening the impact to our customers by recovering over a longer period of time. The funds received from securitization can also be redeployed into capital investments for another form of efficient funding. Lastly, from a credit perspective, the rating agencies typically remove the securitization bonds and cash flows from the credit metric calculations. 25:17 In the state of Texas, we still anticipate the statewide securitization bonds to be issued in the coming months, as the Texas public financing authority is currently in their RFP process. We expect that this will provide a 100% recovery of the $1.1 billion of gas costs incurred during last year's winter storm, as well as the carrying costs. In Indiana, and in the coming weeks, we anticipate filing for costs related to the retirement of two coal facilities. This is a first of its kind of filing in Indiana. The current procedural schedule anticipates a decision by the end of 2022 and if the financing order is approved, we would expect a bond issuance in the first quarter of 2023. Outside of these updates on securitization, I'll remind everyone on the regulatory side, we have limited regulatory risks near term with no major rate cases until late 2023. 26:08 Turning to strategic transactions. We sold our remaining 51 million energy transfer common units of preferred units this quarter for approximately of $700 million combined net proceeds or roughly $490 million net of taxes. Along with the 2021 sales, we received approximately $1.3 billion net after tax, which is a 20% premium to the energy transfer unit price when the transaction was announced. Additionally, in January, we received Arkansas and Oklahoma LDC transaction proceeds of $1.6 billion net of taxes, including approximately $400 million for the remaining outstanding incremental gas costs. 26:48 We have now utilized $1.8 billion of the combined LDC and Energy Transfer proceeds to reduce debt, including the $1.2 billion discussed on last quarter's call, as well as paying down CenterPoint parent level debt including $600 million of high coupon senior notes this quarter. These actions are also in line with our goal to reduce parent level debt to approximately 20% of total debt by the end of this year. A goal, we are well on our way towards achieving. 27:19 We plan to use the remaining proceeds to fund the equity portion of our industry-leading rate base growth without external equity issuances. Separately, and as we discussed at our Analyst Day and throughout last year, we've had an ongoing evaluation of our repairs expense deduction methodology, which will be another way for us to mitigate our cash tax position efficiently funding our growth and helping offset customer bills. We currently expect that this process will result in a one-time cash tax benefit of approximately $300 million in 2022 and at least an incremental $25 million annually in future years, which over the five-year period would equate to at least $400 million of capital that we can redeploy into our business for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders. This is approximately $50 million more than what we estimated at our Analyst Day update and is yet another example of efficiently funding our industry leading growth plan. 28:18 Our long-term FFO to debt objective remains between 14% to 15% aligning with Moody's methodology and is consistent with the expectations of the rating agencies. Additionally, let me remind you, Moody's recently revised our downgrade threshold of 13%, noting our improved business risk profile. And to be clear, we're continuing to focus on retaining this incremental credit cushion as opposed to using it to fund our growth. We believe that these improvements in our balance sheet coupled with our efficient recycling of capital, put us in a position of being able to offer industry leading growth without the need for external equity. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and we realized our obligation to optimize stakeholder value for all. 29:07 I'll now turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: 29:11 Thank you, Jason. As you heard from us today, we now have eight straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations, and I have checked the box on executing on our strategic transactions. We are a pure regulated utility and firmly on the pathway to premium with incremental growth opportunities driven by our customer demands.
Jackie Richert: 29:37 Thank you, Dave. We'll now turn to Q&A, and we'll be cognizant of the busy calendar call schedule following us. Operator?
Operator: 29:46 At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Nick Campanella from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dave Lesar: 30:16 Good morning.
Nick Campanella: 30:18 Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for having me on. Appreciate it. I just wanted to talk quick, you talked about industrial load and just higher demand leading to incremental capital over the course of the 10-year plan. You talked about not issuing external equity for the incremental capital, so I guess, just if you don't -- is it that you don't need the equity or that you would look to further portfolio rotation. Just how should we think about that?
Dave Lesar: 30:43 No. I think if you set of track all the way back to our Analyst Day and what we've talked about since then the proceeds of the Enable transaction, the original LDC sales when matched up against our $40 billion plus plan, don't really require us to go into the market for any equity, which is a sort of a north -- a North Star for us right now and nor does it require us divesting of any LDCs. So we have sufficient cash flow to meet this plan. 31:18 What we have tried to signal is that as we identify additional capital opportunities either on top of the five-year 19.3 or, so billion plan we have or the $40 billion plus plan, at that point, we would look to selling additional gas LDCs. But right now, we have sufficient cash flow to meet our needs without issuing any more equity.
Nick Campanella: 31:45 Very helpful. Thank you for that. And then, I guess just higher level like thinking through the cadence of your updates through the course of 22 here and as I look back to 2020 and 2021 you've kind of maintained a pace that's been kind of fairly splashy. Understand there's been a lot to do also, but that story is kind of behind us now and things to your point, in your prepared remarks, youre just a lot simpler. So I guess just to kind of set expectations on the pace of updates, are you just kind of planning for this to just be all around a quieter or execution year blocking and tackling on the core metrics or are there larger strategic items in your mind that we should be kind of thinking about?
Dave Lesar: 32:25 No, I think, blocking and tackling that's probably a good way to summarize it, although, if you think about even, Q1 it was still a pretty active quarter for us. We closed on the LDC sales. We got rid of the rest of the Enable transaction proceeds we had. We continue to execute against a very aggressive rate base growth plan. We certainly met our earnings commitment. We reiterated our 8% growth for the next few years and sort of at the top end of the range. Going forward, we met the challenges of inflation and supply chain. So I guess, I would think about it as, yes, blocking and tackling, I think we did a really good job to Q1. I don't anticipate that changing. But I think the pace of change that I'm trying to drive through CenterPoint is going to continue. That's not going to change, and we expect to hit all our marks that we have in our strategy.
Nick Campanella: 33:28 Thanks a lot. We'll see at AGA.
Operator: 33:34 Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Fowler from UBS. Your line is open.
Dave Lesar: 33:42 Good morning.
Ross Fowler: 33:43Good morning. How are you?
Dave Lesar: 33:44 Im good.
Ross Fowler: 33:46 So just maybe following on Nicks question and just looking from the Analyst Day, incremental capital changes, so at year-end you accelerated $200 million into 2022. And then you added $300 million around this is 500 megawatts of mobile generation and now you are adding another $100 million into 2022 kind of on industrial demand, if my understanding is correct? So that's $300 million of that total $600 million increase since Analyst Day in 2022, but to point some of that from the back end of the five-year plan. So maybe talk a little bit about that shift, and then your ability to sort of backfill capital in sort of year four and five?
Dave Lesar: 34:36 Sure. Let me let Jason handle that one. He keeps track of our capital going forward, literally on a day-to-day basis, as I think youve picked up today.
Jason Wells: 34:48 Good morning, Ross and thanks for the question. And as you pointed out, we increased the CapEx forecast for 2022 by $300 million and increased the five-year CapEx plan by $100 million, what we effectively did was brought forward $200 million from 2023 into 2022. And then increase the overall plan by about $100 million really that increase relates to routine work in our gas and electric businesses that we have the luxury to pull-forward because as mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have an efficient way to fund that for our shareholders, in terms of higher incremental proceeds from the tax repairs deduction, as well as higher incremental proceeds from the securitization that's anticipated in Indiana. And this work continues to help kind of benefit our customers by improving again the safety and resiliency of the system, which is why we put it forward, it further helps derisk any impact from solar delays, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. 35:59 And so as we look at the sort of the longer-term execution to your plan or to your question, we continue to, I think make positive momentum working with the city of Houston around improving resiliency here in Houston. We will likely have an update around that work probably around the Q4, sorry Q3 earnings call. And then, as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're seeing increased demand from our industrial customers, both here in Houston, as well as Indiana. And as we work to serve those customers needs, we hope to have a more holistic update around the longer-term impacts to our CapEx plan later this year. So it's an exciting time here at CenterPoint the best is still yet to come.
Ross Fowler: 36:51 Thanks, Jason. Thanks for that very detailed review. I'll hop back into the queue. See you guys at AGA.
Operator: 37:00 Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please ask your question.
Anthony Crowdell: 37:09 Hey. Good morning, Dave. Good morning, Jason.
Dave Lesar: 37:11 Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: 37:13 Dave, is Jason doing both the blocking and tackling? Or is he just doing the tackling?
Dave Lesar: 37:17 No. He can do both. He can block and tackle as can everybody on our management team today.
Anthony Crowdell: 37:25 That's great. Just hopefully, two quick questions, one is, you talked about the O&M targets in your 10-year plan. I believe you said it's about 1% to 2% reduction each year. Just curious to current tight labor market supply chain issues, just maybe how challenging is it going to be to meet that? And I also think you kind of highlighted the AMI investment press release, I guess went out in April. Just wondered, if you could give us some color on the rate base opportunity that AMI represents and plans on getting regulatory recovery of that? And I have one more follow-up.
Dave Lesar: 37:57 Okay. I'll let Jason handle the AMI question. I think I'll take sort of the former part of your question. I guess, my view is thats what you pay a management team to do is to sort of take the challenges of supply chain, the challenges of inflation head on. So my view is, every utility is experiencing it, most companies across the U.S. are experiencing it. And it's coming at us every day, believe me. But I think that we have put a standard out there, reducing our O&M 1% to 2% on average every year. And as Jason said, we believe we're going to continue to do that. 38:38 As to AMI, I'll let Jason talk about that.
Jason Wells: 38:42 Yeah. Thanks, Anthony for the question. It's several hundred million dollars over the course of the 10-year plan. We will seek to recover that we've started here as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, in Texas. The recovery will follow our typical capital investment through the grips and then obviously the longer-term implementation of the AMI program will be addressed in the gas LDC rate case that we will file late 2023. So it follows sort of the normal course of events here and we'll follow kind of a similar process as we rollout to the rest of our service territory. What I would say in just sort of reinforcing confidence around our ability to continue to meet our O&M objectives is, I think this is one of many programs that we've highlighted, whereas we implement improvements to our system, it will lower our O&M cost structure going forward, just like we've highlighted the coal transition in Indiana. I think these O&M reductions from capital is a core sort of driver near term of our ability to meet our O&M targets. And then we continue to see broad adoption of our continuous improvement program throughout our service territory and are excited what that will yield over time as we mature in that area.
Anthony Crowdell: 40:08 Great. And just lastly, I guess, Dave, following up on maybe Nicks question earlier. We've seen LDC valuations have recovered and are more in line with like electric utility valuations. And the team that right now, investors are really focused on maybe energy security and the view of an LDC has kind of changed more favorably. Just, I know you don't have any need for funds in the current five-year or the 10-year plan. But does the recovery in LDC valuations change your view that you view them more as a source of funds or as a prepaid debit card and I'll leave it there.
Dave Lesar: 40:43 No, I think as we've said, I think nearly every quarter, when we've talked about this, I do view them as set of prepaid debit cards, I guess that's become the lexicon of the industry. I guess we've talked about it so much. But my view is that it really gives us optionality, but I -- and I do like the fact that the valuations, I think are being more accurately reflected in share prices today, but because they are not opportunistic asset for us, I don't see any reason to accelerate the divestiture of any of those until we have an opportunity to redeploy that capital back into our electric business. So we're just going to stay the course in that area for now, as I said, be opportunistic, but as we've said several times in the prepared remarks, we are looking for incremental capital opportunities. And I will trade off selling gas LDCs at a multiple of rate base and invest in it, at one time -- to one times rate base every day of the week. We just got to wait for those opportunities to develop, and then we'll make the decision.
Anthony Crowdell: 41:51 Great. Solid quarter. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dave Lesar: 41:55 Thanks.
Operator: 41:57 Thank you so much. Our next question from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shar Pourreza: 42:06 Hey. Good morning, guys.
Dave Lesar: 42:07 Good morning, Shar.
Jason Wells: 42:08 Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: 42:10 You just done this, we're kind of looking broadly at sort of some of the supply chain issues and inflation and mainly obviously the tariff circumvention investigation going on with the commerce department, which could kind of lead to some pricing uncertainty at least through 2023 and maybe beyond. I guess how do these sort of tail risks impact, how you're thinking about the electric IRP process, especially as we are shifting focus to the upcoming 23?
Dave Lesar: 42:39 Yeah, Shar. Thanks for the question. Obviously, it's front of mind, I would say, as we mentioned we're not immune to what's going on in the market. However, we've got a great set of development partners that we're working with constructively to find a solution. We are seeing the price increases that you alluded to, but I think what's important to reinforce is that despite the price increases that we are currently seeing the path on the coal transition is still substantially less than the cost of continuing to operate those coal facilities. The current estimate given the age of those coal facilities would be -- would cost our customers in Indiana and about $50 a month to continue to maintain and I think will come in despite cost increases at a cost of the coal transition of less than $10 a month. So while we still see sort of short-term pressure, this is still the best long-term solution for our customers in Indiana. 43:43 And as we think about gearing up for the IRP, we will be going out with a broader request for proposal here this summer. We will be trying to get kind of best and latest thinking on pricing technology costs that will factor into the integrated resource plan that we will file next year that will address the third and remaining coal facility and so more to come on this, but we've got a great set of development partners who are working with constructively to find a solution here.
Shar Pourreza: 44:14 Got it. And then just lastly, I know obviously with the Texas energy legislation passed, you've got resiliency now, there's a lot of incremental opportunities. I guess, at what point, could we start seeing some of these opportunities kind of materially come into plan versus the small bumps, we've been seeing recently?
Dave Lesar: 44:37 Sure. I'll take these small bumps every day second increase since the Analyst Day, almost six months or so ago. But that being said, I do think by Q3 this year on the earnings call, we should have a better view of the longer term impact to our capital plans around resiliency, not only in the city of Houston, but the surrounding communities. And then the pace of the updates around the industrial demand that's going to be dependent on those customers, those industries. But I would likely want to be in a place where we can provide a holistic update to the five and 10 year CapEx plan again around the Q3 timing related to that incremental demand as well.
Jason Wells: 45:24 Yeah. I would just add maybe an editorial comment, I know that we have sort of teased the update here for a couple of quarters, but I also think it's important for everyone there to understand we are working with the city of Houston here. We're not going to front run the outcome. Those discussions are ongoing. But I think it's just in everyone's best interest to wait until the plan is finalized. And we sort of can announce it jointly and we'll do so when us and the city are ready to do it.
Shar Pourreza: 45:57 Okay, perfect. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it everything else. Thanks.
Operator: 46:04 Thank you so much. Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin: 46:14 Hey. Good morning, team. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it. So just a follow up and clarify some of the earlier questions around inflation and then spending. I'm just, can you speak a little bit more about the sort of normal course inflationary impacts on CapEx budgets? Just trying to get a sense, especially across the industry, to what extent is some of this pull forward and just allocated in this year, driven in part by, it's just normal course inflation. And to what extent does that have sort of an expectation for cascading into your program or is that differently, is there sort of an assumption that there is some deflation in the back-end of the year program? Or is it the entire program been inflated at this point?
Dave Lesar: 46:54 Yeah. Thanks, Julien for the question. At this point, the increase that we've been discussing related to the -- this quarter's update is really a reflection of a pull forward of projects less around inflation. This is a discrete work that we had planned in 2023, pulling forward to 2022 and then plan, the incremental $100 million over the five years was really a component of that $1 billion of capital that we hold and reserve to make sure that we have the opportunity to fold in when we can efficiently execute and fund that works. So, it really isn't a reflection of inflation. 47:30 Now that being said, clearly, we are starting to feel the impacts of inflation. I think our supply chain team has been working effectively with our suppliers to find long-term commitments around work volumes that can be of interest, not only to their workforce but interest to kind of our plans as well. And so I think, today, we're managing the impact of inflation. I wouldn't consider it a driver, I consider it a potential risk depending on how long we continue to face this inflationary pressure. We're not making any assumptions around deflation today on the back end of the plan. We're really just trying to understand how long will be in this inflationary cycle. And so again, it's really driven by work as opposed to inflation at this point.
Julien Dumoulin: 48:23 Right. And just to clarify that even, to the extent of which that you look at your plan here, is there a potential further inflationary factors you just reassessed what it costs you for electrical equipment here and gas equipment?
Dave Lesar: 48:37 Realistically, there could be some inflationary impact. We're starting to monitor what that risk in terms of a cost increase could be, but to date, we have not seen that. The need to fold that into the plan yet, so it will be something we continue to monitor and happy to continue to provide updates in future quarters around it.
Julien Dumoulin: 48:58 Excellent. And just going back to the other Texas conversation on ERCOT here. I mean obviously, some developments inflate with the Q here on transmission, any thoughts or perspectives to add on that front specifically, moving past the Houston resiliency and just focusing on additional transmission integrity?
Dave Lesar: 49:19 We can continue to be very excited about the opportunity there. It was clear coming out of the legislature last year that the state of Texas, wanted to put a priority around incremental transmission lines bringing more pathways, if you will, to provide electricity. We continue to work with the commission to see how we can accelerate the siting of new transmission projects, how we can execute on that work. So I would say it's early days, but that continues to be another area where we may see incremental upside to the plan and we continue to have excitement around.
Julien Dumoulin: 50:03 Good luck, guys. Thanks for the time. Appreciate it.
Operator: 50:06 Thank you so much. Our next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Dave Lesar: 50:17 Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: 50:18 Thank you. Good morning, Dave. So just a question on the, I guess, Indiana and the solar projects and IRP. There are other utilities in Indiana, pretty much all of them are going through the same transition you are. So I'm curious just overall political regulatory feedback on this kind of solar anti-circumvention and do they get us, do they have -- do they give you the sense that they understand the cost increases. And just in the context of obviously, everything going on with energy inflation?
Dave Lesar: 51:04 Yeah. Thanks, Steve for the question. It's an ongoing dialogue with commission staff as you pointed out. We're certainly not alone, not only other utilities in Indiana, but obviously utilities all over the country are facing these inflationary cost pressures, as well as kind of impacts on timing of the projects. And so, I think the broader set of issues around timing and costs are well known. And I think that the commission is looking at us to work effectively with the developers to find a constructive solution for our customers, for the developers and for the execution of this work. And so we'll continue to do so. I think it's early days in those conversations. But again theyre -- I think they well attuned to kind of the pressures that we're all facing.
Steve Fleishman: 51:56 Great. And then one just other quick one, appreciate you highlighted the shift in the business mix more to Electric. I think 62% now. Do you have any kind of target for that, long term, where you see that going?
Jason Wells: 52:13 No, I think, Steve, if you would -- if you sort of look at $40 billion in capital spend, it's clearly biased toward electric. So if we did nothing else, I think you would see that 62% creep up over the five and 10-year plan that we have clearly as we've indicated, if we find a big slug of incremental capital to invest in that generally is going to be focused on the electric side. We would have the commensurate sale of an LDC to fund that so we wouldn't have to issue equity that would push it even more dramatically in the direction of higher bias toward electric. But I think inevitably over time, if we did nothing else, it's going to bias toward Electric. 53:05 And as I've said, if we -- if and when we find the larger slug of capital, it'll push it that direction even more aggressively. So, instead of a perfect mix. I don't think there is one out there. But at the end of the day, we'll sort of seek the level that makes sense for our investors and for our customers.
Steve Fleishman: 53:28 Great. Thank you.
Jackie Richert: 53:32 Operator, we're at the top of the hour I think we have time for one more question.
Operator: 53:37 Okay. Sure. Our last question is from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Insoo Kim: 53:43 Hey. Thank you for squeezing me in. Just first question, going back to the capital plan and the increases there. We've talked a lot about the cost side on the inflationary front, but just in terms of labor availability, are you not seeing any pressures in finding the labor to accommodate any increase in the CapEx?
Jason Wells: 54:06 No, I think well, if you remember back two or three calls ago, I can't remember which quarter it was in. We highlighted the fact that we recognize that labor was going to be an issue to basically address the challenges of our capital plans. So we actually moved pretty aggressively at that point in time to tie up crews that were sufficiently large enough for us to handle the capital spend plan that we have. So at this point in time, we've got those crews sort of tied up and sequenced to come in and serve our needs as we do this capital build. So, certainly theres labor cost pressure, but the actual bodies. I think we're in really good shape on that.
Insoo Kim: 54:54 Got it. That's good color. My other question is just on the Houston Electric demand growth. I know, customer growth is strong and I think weather may have helped this quarter as well, but it's still pretty impressive numbers, especially on the residential front, just more color on what you've seen on the ground there that's contributing to that versus some other parts of the country that has seen more normalization?
Dave Lesar: 55:18 Well, I think almost any economic indicator you look at, I mean. Houston is doing just great. I saw a note the other day that there were more housing starts in the city of Houston in the last two years than anywhere in the United States. You look at the turmoil going on in Europe and all of a sudden, the pivot toward needing sort of more energy exports out of the U.S. to serve Europe and the whole sort of LNG and petrochem complex, refinery complex that sits in our territory, and in our backyard here in Houston, and the number of conversations that are taking place about either starting new facilities, upgrading facilities they have here. The set of an continued industrial growth outside of the ship channel that's taking place in this area continued population growth, you just sort of go right down the line and you really just got to come here and experience and just get in your car and drive around Houston. In this area, you just see sort of the economic vitality is oozing out of every pore of the city at this point in time.
Insoo Kim: 56:30 That makes sense. No I definitely felt that at the Analyst Day there last fall. So thanks for the color. Thanks, Dave.
Dave Lesar: 56:38 All right, thank you.
Jackie Richert: 56:38 Thanks, Insoo. All right. Thank you everyone again for joining us for our 2022 first quarter earnings call. And with that, operator, I think we can all disconnect, that will conclude our call for today.
Operator: 56:49 Thank you. The recording for this call will be available on our website by 11:00 AM Central Time today until May 11. This concludes CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-22 08:00:00) =====
Disclaimer*: This transcript is designed to be used alongside the freely available audio recording on this page. Timestamps within the transcript are designed to help you navigate the audio should the corresponding text be unclear. The machine-assisted output provided is partly edited and is designed as a guide.:
Operator: 00:02 Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operators Instruction] 00:23 I will now turn the call over to Jackie Richert, Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Ms. Richert?
Jackie Richert: 00:30 Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint 's earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; and Jason Wells, our CFO will discuss the company's fourth quarter and full-year 2021 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. 01:00 Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-K, other SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will be discussing non-GAAP measures on todays call. This will be the last quarter in which we will discuss utility EPS, which is a non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance measure. 01:27 Utility EPS excludes earnings from midstream among other exclusions. When providing guidance for 2022, we will release the non-GAAP EPS measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share on a consolidated basis referred to as non-GAAP EPS. Jason Wells will provide further details. 01:47 For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use the website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. 02:11 Now, Id like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: 02:16 Thank you, Jackie. Good morning and thanks to all of you for joining us for our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. As we wrap up a very busy 2021 at CenterPoint, Ill run through our annual highlights and headlines. To say the least, its been quite a year. First, we continue to build on our consistent track record of earnings delivery with now seven straight quarters of execution by the current management team. 02:49 We raised our utility EPS guidance 3x throughout 2021 and then delivered on that guidance, reporting $1.27 on a full-year basis and industry leading 8.5% increase as compared to 2020. And as we discussed, we continue to grow our dividend in-line with EPS growth and accelerated the increase in that dividend in Q4 of 2021. This growth is supported by our underlying rate base growing at 11% year-over-year. 03:31 In 2021, we also saw continued 2% customer growth for electric and 1% for natural gas and as we have said before, this organic growth is a luxury many other utilities just do not have. And even after pulling over $25 million of O&M spending opportunities forward from 2022 into 2021, we achieved a 1% decrease in our controllable O&M and we are sticking with our plan to have annual average reductions of 1% to 2% in O&M over the course of our 10-year plan. 04:14 We also listened to our shareholders regarding two key action items in 2021 and executed on both of them. First, we enhanced our board governance structure, eliminated the Executive Chair position and established an independent board chair. And secondly, made substantial progress toward exiting mid-stream altogether with the completion of the Enable, Energy Transfer merger and the sale of 70% of our interest in Energy Transfer in 2021. 04:50 With the exit of our interest in Enable, we became more focused on being a pure play regulated utility. We then became even more weighted toward electric with the sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDC businesses earlier this year. With the sale of these gas LDC businesses, we are now over 60% electric in our rate base. This electric versus gas business mix now puts us within the range of some of our premium utility peers. 05:27 We also unveiled our new ESG strategy in 2021. Our goal to transition to Net Zero on direct emissions by 2035 was particularly well received. This effort has already resulted in a significant rating improvement by Sustainalytics for CenterPoint. I am pleased to say, that we are now rated in the top quartile of the utilities industry, nearly 30% better than the average utility, a result that will only improve as we execute on our generation transition plan and other ESG initiatives. 06:09 As stated, we reported $1.27 for full-year 2021 utility EPS, which is an 8.5% increase over 2020. This was an industry leading outcome. Today, we are also reaffirming guidance for 2022 at $1.36 to $1.38 for non-GAAP EPS, with the midpoint of this range being 8% growth. And of course, for this year and through 2024, we are still targeting an industry leading 8% annual non-GAAP EPS growth each and every year. 06:53 Let me be clear on one thing though, we don't need the benefit of nor are we counting on the remaining energy transfer units to achieve this 8% non-GAAP EPS growth. And to reinforce this, we plan to exclude the midstream activity from our non-GAAP results in 2022, and Jason will cover more on this in a moment. 07:21 I strongly believe CenterPoint has the right management team in place to execute on our strategy. I, and the board continue to have regular dialogue on managements succession, how to best develop, cross train, and retain the top talent that we have here at CenterPoint. I feel that CenterPoint leadership is among the best in the industry. 07:49 Let's move on to capital investments. Let me summarize our current capital spending plans, and Jason will then provide more details. First, we executed our 2021 capital plan. We said, we would catch up on our 2021 capital spend in the fourth quarter and we did. 08:10 To benefit our customers, we invested 3.6 billion in 2021 to support growth, resiliency, and safety across our system. This included an incremental $100 million above the capital spend we communicated to you on our last Analyst Day. 08:34 Overall, as detailed in our September Analyst Day, we anticipated capital spending of $18 billion plus over the next five years, and $40 billion plus over the next 10 years. The five-year $18 billion plus planned from Analyst Day included up to $1 billion for the additional tools we were provided by the Texas Legislature coming out of Winter Storm Uri. 09:06 In addition to the incremental 100 million of capital we spent in 2021, so far to date in 2022, we have also been able to accelerate an additional $200 million of capital spend from the 2023 capital spending plan. This has now increased our 2022 capital plan to $4 billion, up from $3.8 billion. 09:35 And more importantly, we have already identified the $200 million of additional capital opportunities required to fill the capacity created by this acceleration of spend from 2023. This now increases our total capital spend for the five-year plan from $18 billion plus to $19.2 billion. This ability to identify and spend incremental capital in 2021 identify and accelerate capital spend into 2022 from 2023 and then identify the capital to backfill 2023 capital spend with even more spending opportunities is a really great outcome. 10:27 Included in the accelerated spend are the capital leases for 500 megawatts of mobile generation capacity. This fleet is deployed across our greater Houston area electric footprint. Mobile generation has become an important part of our overall resiliency strategy and Texas Governor, Abbott, has also recently highlighted the importance of these tools as part of his plan to combat severe weather events. 10:57 In fact, these mobile backup generation assets were strategically deployed across our service territory and in working with ERCOT, we're ready to be energized in case of a load shed request during the recent Winter Storm Landon. 11:15 As Jason will explain, we expect to begin recovery of these costs in our DCRF filings, in 2022 and 2023. We highlighted the growth of Houston in our recent Analyst Day in two weeks ago, the City of Houston and CenterPoint jointly launched the first of its kind, long-term strategic power resilience initiative called Resilient Now. 11:43 As part of this effort, we are working with the City of Houston to develop a master energy plan, which will identify the future capital opportunities to help the community handle its continued economic growth, help meet the challenges of more frequent and destructive weather events, support the build-out of its EV infrastructure and advance its environmental goals. This will include grid and infrastructure hardening and modernization, residential weatherization in investments around renewable energy infrastructure. 12:22 We are now working with other cities within our electric footprint for similar initiatives as well. We will keep you updated on the development of these opportunities in the initiatives in the coming quarters. 12:37 As you may remember, I recently assigned Jason Wells, the additional responsibility of managing our Indiana generation transition efforts, so he will cover that in a few minutes And while he's at it, I'll also have him provide a regulatory update as well. 12:57 So, in summary, we've had seven consecutive quarters of improved performance and are now executing against the strategy we laid out in our September Analyst Day. In 2021, we achieved industry leading 8.5% Utility EPS growth and grew our rate base at 11%. We have recently executed two large strategic transactions and are continuing to find ways to increase our $40 billion plus in capital investments over the course of our 10-year plan, all to benefit our customers and our investors. 13:41 And lastly, we've listened to you, and as you will hear from Jason, we are simplifying our earnings reporting structure going forward. And as you can tell, we moved our earnings call date earlier into the reporting season. 2021 was a great year for CenterPoint with quarter-after-quarter of meeting or exceeding expectations. I firmly believe we are becoming a premium utility and will consistently extend our track record of delivering on our strategy. 14:20 Looking ahead, I'll reiterate that we plan to grow our non-GAAP EPS at 8% year-over-year to 2024 with no help from the midstream and the mid-to-high end of our 6% to 8% annual range thereafter [to] [ph] our tenure plan. 14:40 We intend to invest $40 billion plus in capital to support growth, resiliency, and clean enablement for the benefit of our customers, and we'll look to accelerate investments where appropriate. 14:56 And lastly, we remain focused on achieving our value proposition, which is sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders, sustainable, resilient, and affordable rates for our customers and a sustainable positive impact on the environment for our communities. 15:16 With that, I'll turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: 15:20 Thank you, Dave. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter call. As Dave mentioned, and hopefully some of you have noticed, we moved this call a couple of days earlier in the reporting calendar. We heard your feedback last year and are committed to continuing to advance our reporting date over the course of this year and next. 15:39 Also with the sale of 70% of our interest in Energy Transfer and resulting elimination of separately reporting midstream results, we are now able to simplify our reporting and focus solely on non-GAAP EPS in 2022 and beyond. This is another important step in further simplifying our story. 15:58 Turning to our financial results. On a GAAP EPS basis, as shown on Slide 5, we reported $1.01 for the fourth quarter of 2021 and $2.28 on a full-year basis. This includes a net after tax gain of approximately $550 million from the merger of Enable and Energy Transfer, partially offset by losses on the sale of energy transfer securities. 16:25 Looking at Slide 6, we reported $0.36 of non-GAAP EPS for the fourth quarter of 2021, compared to $0.29 for the fourth quarter of 2020. Our non-GAAP EPS was comprised of $0.27 from utility and another $0.09 from midstream in the fourth quarter of 2021. 16:43 Our Utility EPS results included favorable growth in rate recovery contributing $0.04 this quarter, while weather, usage, and other added another $0.01 when compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. We are also reaffirming our guidance range of $1.36 to $1.38 of non-GAAP EPS for 2022, which reflects 8% growth over the $1.27 Utility EPS results for 2021. 17:09 As Dave mentioned, achieving our 8% growth is not contingent on any benefit from the remaining energy transfer securities we own. For 2022, we plan to exclude among others, all impacts associated with our energy transfer interests, as well as all impacts associated with our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDC sales in the ongoing mark-to-market on our ZENS securities from our non-GAAP results. 17:33 Beyond 2022, we continue to expect to grow non -GAAP EPS 8% each year through 2024 and then at the mid-to-high point of 6% to 8% each year through 2030. Our focus is delivering strong growth each and every year. 17:51 Turning to Slide 7. Our capital expenditures for 2021 were 3.6 billion, inclusive of the mobile generation long-term leases, which is approximately 100 million more than what we indicated at our September Analyst Day. 18:05 I want to spend a moment describing the investment and mobile generation and resulting update to our forecast. This investment gives us an important tool that is in place currently to help mitigate the risk of extended outages for our customers in Texas in the event we're [asked to] [ph] shed load by the aircraft market or in response to certain other widespread power outages. 18:27 We procured 500 megawatts of mobile generation valued at approximately 700 million of capital spread across 2021 and 2022, which was previously in our Analyst Day Capital plans for $600 million spread across 2021, 2022, and 2023. The increase in costs and acceleration of the investment over our previous plan shared at Analyst Day result in following. 18:53 First, it contributed to approximately 100 million more in capital in 2021. Second, the acceleration will result in an increase of $200 of capital in 2022. As a result, we are increasing our 2022 capital expenditure guidance to $4 billion and increasing our year-end 2022 rate base guidance by 300 million to $20 billion. And finally, we have already identified $200 million of incremental capital to replace the capacity in 2023 created by the acceleration of the mobile generation investment. 19:31 Overall, this results in a $300 million increase in our five-year capital expenditure plan, which is now expected to be $19.2 billion. Approximately 200 million of this mobile generation investment will be included in the upcoming distribution capital recovery tracker or DCRF filing planned in 2022, with the remaining $500 million balance expected to be included in our 2023 DCRF filing. 19:58 That means from an earnings standpoint, we expect the entire mobile generation capital will be included in rates and earning in return on equity by September 2023. As a reminder, we will not be eligible to earn an equity return on this investment until the amounts are included in rates. 20:15 Overall, this is a great example of the State of Texas providing additional tools to help mitigate the risk of an extended outage and our team moving quickly to implement these changes for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders. 20:27 Turning to the Indiana transition plans for a moment as Dave mentioned. We still continue to work with stakeholders in Indiana for the successful transition from coal generation. We recently completed hearings on our proposed simple cycle gas plant and anticipate the associated decision in the third quarter of this year. 20:45 We also recently reduced the size of our initial solar project [Posey County] [ph] from 300 megawatts to 200 megawatts, as response to the recent materials, cost increases and community feedback and we'll be going back to the commission for approval of this modification later in early second quarter. 21:03 We anticipate filing the Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for the remaining solar and wind build transfer projects during the second and third quarters respectively. 21:13 Overall, we continue to work towards a goal of owning 50% of our renewable generation needs contracting for the remaining 50% through power purchase agreements and owning the simple cycle gas plant for reliability purposes. This progress on our renewable generation transition is a key driver in achieving our industry leading net zero direct emissions goal by 2035. 21:36 We are further demonstrating our alignment to our net zero goal by adding an emission reduction component to our long-term employee incentive compensation program this year. And as Dave mentioned, we've recently received a positive update on our ESG rating score from Sustainalytics that now places us in the top quartile of the utility industry. We are very proud of the enhancements we've made towards our environmental social and governance commitments, and we look forward to continued progress. 22:04 Now, I want to provide a broader update on our regulatory progress. We're going through a full rate case in Minnesota and are optimistic that we will reach a settlement before our April Evidentiary Hearing. 22:16 Additionally, all of the gas utilities in Minnesota have a separate docket outstanding for the prudency of incremental gas costs, resulting from last year's winter storm. This is our only jurisdiction with an open prudency review. 22:28 Turning to the State of Texas, the Railroad Commission issued the financing order for the state-wide securitization bonds. We expect that this will provide a 100% recovery of the $1.1 billion gas costs incurred during last year's winter storm, as well as carrying costs with the recovery spread over a longer time period to minimize bill impacts for our customers. These bonds are expected to be issued before mid-2022. 22:52 Now, turning to strategic transactions. As Dave mentioned, we are very proud of the effort of our employees for completing two major strategic transactions that position us as a purely regulated utility, while recycling capital to efficiently fund our industry leading growth. 23:09 The closure of the Enable transaction in December is a great example of what the current CenterPoint team is capable of. After closing the transaction, we completed the sales of a portion of our energy transfer securities, and inclusive of the previously announced forward sale of common units, we have now sold approximately 70% of our interests in energy transfer, which includes half of the Energy Transfer Series G Preferred Units and 150 million common units for nearly $800 million of net after-tax proceeds, which were used to pay down parent level debt. 23:42 We expect that a remaining Energy Transfer position of 51 million common units and approximately $190 million of Series G preferred units will be sold well before our target timing of year-end 2022. 23:55 Turning to the Arkansas and Oklahoma LDC transaction, which closed in January, we received over $1.6 billion of net after tax proceeds, including approximately $400 million related to the remaining outstanding incremental gas costs. 24:10 A portion of those proceeds were used to pay down $300 million of CERC level debt to right size our capital structure and another $425 million of floating rate notes associated with the incremental gas costs from last years winter storm. We plan to use the remaining proceeds to efficiently fund our industry leading rate base growth. 24:31 At the CenterPoint parent level, we also paid down $500 million of CenterPoint senior notes and reduced our commercial paper balance. These actions are in -line with our goal to reduce parent level debt to approximately 20% by year-end 2022. 24:47 Our current liquidity remained strong at $2.9 billion, including available borrowings under our short-term credit facilities in unrestricted cash. In addition to the previously mentioned debt pay down associated with strategic transactions, we now have the order in place for the state level securitization in Texas to recover our remaining $1.1 billion of gas costs from last years winter storm. 25:10 We plan to use the proceeds from the securitization to pay off their remaining balance of our floating rate short-term notes, a portion of the fixed rate notes due September 2023. Our long-term FFO-to-debt objective remains between 14% and 15% aligning with Moody's methodology and is consistent with the expectations of the rating agencies. 25:31 Now with the state-wide securitization in place, Moody's has revised CERCs outlook to stable. This now means that all of our rated entities have a stable outlook with all three agencies, underlying significant credit supportive actions we have taken over the past year and a half. With a near complete exit of mid-stream, we continue to engage with the agencies on improved business risk profile and advocate for a lower downgrade threshold. 25:55 We believe that these improvements in the balance sheet coupled with our efficient recycling of capital, put us in the position of being able to offer industry leading growth without the need for external equity. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. 26:14 And with that, we look forward to more of these shorter earnings calls in the future. I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: 26:21 Thank you, Jason. As you heard from us today, we've had seven quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations and have checked the box on executing under strategic transactions. We are nearly a pure play regulated utility, and we are demonstrating the pathway to a premium.
Jackie Richert: 26:46 Thank you, Dave. We're now ready to turn the call over to Q&A.
Operator: 26:51 [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: 27:08 Hey, good morning guys.
Dave Lesar: 27:10 Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: 27:12 So, thank you Dave. I think you drilled down fairly well on the drivers with, sort of the near-term CapEx increases. Do you still see more spending acceleration opportunities, let's say in the 2022 to 2024 time frames? And could this higher CapEx be included in the Master Energy Plan in Houston where that collaboration with Houston will be purely incremental to the spend?
Dave Lesar: 27:36 No, I think the  as we tried to block the [tight roll-up] [ph] of our words here today, I mean, clearly the resilient now opportunity is a really good one for CenterPoint, but it's early days. We have to complete the Master Energy Plan, which we believe well do some point in the latter part of this year. That should identify the incremental capital that's there. 28:01 I also think that as you think through what we have said over the past seven quarters about the build and our ability to spend capital, remember, first it was $16 billion plus, then it was $18 billion plus, now it's $19.2 billion. But keep in mind, throughout all of this, we've also have said, we have $1 billion in reserve capital that we can always look to spend or accelerate and that billion in reserve capital has not gone away. 28:33 So, as I said, it's early days, but we're really excited about the opportunity in and around resilient now and what it can do for our customers here in Houston, but I'm not going to sort of tip our hand as to what that might look like until we're a little bit further down the road.
Shar Pourreza: 28:51 Got it. And then just lastly for me, what's the timeline for the Master Energy Plan? And I just wanted just to reiterate one point or just confirm it, whatever comes out of the Master Energy Plan or the resiliency now, are you still sticking with no needs for equity to fund the incremental CapEx?
Dave Lesar: 29:12 Yes, that really is our North star at this point in time. I think given what has transpired with the company over the last couple of years, I'm not needing to go back into the equity market as something that is really, really important to us. And so, we have other options to fund an acceleration of capital or incremental capital. That's out there. We've talked about a number of them over the past several calls, continued sales of gas LDCs, for instance, would be one. 29:46 And so, the short answer is, no. We do not see a need to have to go back in the equity markets and our plan that we're outlined here is not predicated on doing that at all.
Shar Pourreza: 29:58 Fantastic. That's all I wanted to confirm. Thank you guys. Congrats.
Dave Lesar: 30:01 Thanks.
Operator: 30:03 Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Dave Lesar: 30:07 Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: 30:09 Hey, good morning. Thanks. Maybe just following up on that last question, on kind of funding. Jason, I think you mentioned the potential of, kind of your credit rating, I guess thresholds coming down fully, could you give a sense of what might happen there in terms of those thresholds, when you're fully out of midstream? Good morning.
Jason Wells: 30:39 Yeah, happy too. Currently, with Moody's, our downgrade threshold is 14% and we're strongly advocating for a decrease to 13%, which we think is more consistent with what our dual fuel peers have today. When we've looked at this over the last year so, one of the reasons had a higher downgrade threshold was because of a higher business risk profile with respect to our investment in Enable. 31:12 Now that's been converted to Energy Transfer and we are 70% out of that position. We're advocating strongly [indiscernible] to be held consistent with our peers. The intention behind that advocation of the lower downgrade threshold though is not to utilize it for funding purposes, we want to retain that and couple that with the fact that we see ourselves, sort of in the upper half of the 14% to 15% FFO to debt range, really provide about 150 basis point plus cushion between where our credit metrics are and our downgrade threshold.
Steve Fleishman: 31:53 Great. And then just, Dave, maybe just, you brought up the gas LDCs, you know being a potential another source of capital if needed, I think you called them the prepaid debit card so to speak. Just, is it possible that the Houston Resilient Plan, Resilient Now could be enough to kind of tap that?
Dave Lesar: 32:23 Yes, I think, as I said, I'm not going to try to front run our thinking on this Steve. Obviously, we have  one, we're really excited about the Resilient Now opportunity, because I think it's going to be great for not only the City of Houston, but the whole  all of the surrounding communities and cities that really are in our territory, but as I said, it's early days, but I think the advantage we have with our gas LDCs is there are various sizes. 32:52 So, at this point in time, we're not essentially headed down any specific path. It's just a great option to have as we look at our ability to spend more capital here in what is essentially one of the crowned jewels of CenterPoint, which is Houston Electric.
Steve Fleishman: 33:11 Great. And just on, I guess, lastly on Indiana, how are you feeling on just conviction on getting your approvals of the various power generation plans, just overall conviction getting approvals?
Dave Lesar: 33:34 Short answer, very positive, but I'll let Jason elaborate on that since it's part of his daily work now.
Jason Wells: 33:42 Thanks Steve, and I'll reiterate the strong conviction that Dave expressed. We continue to work broadly with our stakeholders. In Indiana, we think we have a plan that balances stakeholder interests. We see a significant amount of support for this coal transition with respect to a number of our industrial customers in the greater Evansville area, who themselves have their own ESG commitments. And so, between taking a feedback from the commission and continuing to work with our customers, we feel like we have a plan that has broad stakeholder support. 34:19 We anticipate we'll continue to see approvals on each of the tranches we filed throughout the course of this year, likely the solar PPAs in this upcoming second quarter, the simple cycle or gas CT plant in Q3, and then we'll be making a filing for the balance of the generation transition, a little later this year. So, we think each quarter, we see a positive data point. We remain strongly convicted that this continues to have strong stakeholder support.
Steve Fleishman: 34:56 Great. Thank you.
Dave Lesar: 34:57 Thanks Steve.
Operator: 34:59 Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan.
Rich Sunderland: 35:05 Hi good morning. It's actually Rich Sunderland on for Jeremy. Can you hear me?
Dave Lesar: 35:08 We can hear you loud and clear.
Rich Sunderland: 35:11 Great. Thank you. Maybe just circling back to the Master Energy Plan, can you speak a little bit more to what that will actually evaluate, and similarly, do you expect subsequent plan updates after the initial filing this year?
Dave Lesar: 35:25 Yes, I think  it's basically it is, what it says it is. Its the Master Energy Plan or the City of Houston, but also as we said, we are now enrolling some of surrounding communities into some of the potential outcomes, but as I said in our prepared remarks, it's really focused on what does the power grid need to look like in Houston and the surrounding areas going forward, given the continued fantastic growth that we're seeing in this market. 35:58 The continued impact of, sort of distressed weather patterns either hard [indiscernible] or rains or floods or hurricanes. So, getting the system more resilient and more hardened. Getting the city ready for basically the EV infrastructure that it needs and I think if you will recall back to our Analyst Day, the city only has like 30,000 or 40,000 EVs in it today with Mayor wanting a 0.5 million here, relatively quickly. 36:31 That's going to be quite a load on the system with respect to what we need to do. And then there's obviously a number of social and community efforts that will come out of this. So, I mean, I think it's focused in those areas. All of that, I think will drive investment opportunities to support our customers and make sure that we continue not to have a major impact on bills.
Rich Sunderland: 37:00 Great. Thank you for the color there. And then, I know you touched on this in the script, but just what are the guardrails rails around selling the remaining ET stake, is there anything more you can give on timing there?
Dave Lesar: 37:10 I'll let Jason handle that one, because he's living it by the day.
Jason Wells: 37:15 Good morning, Rich. I'm not going to talk about specifics, but I'll try to provide a little bit of color. The lock-up from the marketed offering that we undertook in December expired at early February. So, now we are free to transact on the remaining position. We do retain flexibility to work with Energy Transfer on another market offering. 37:41 We also retain discretion to [dribble] [ph] those shares, sort of, under sort of an equivalent of aftermarket equity program. So, we have a lot of different tools to dispose of this interest. And what I would say is, we've obviously moved expeditiously to this point. We will continue to do so. And we will be well within our goal of exiting the position before the end of this calendar year.
Rich Sunderland: 38:11 Great. Thank you for the time today.
Operator: 38:15 Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 38:21 Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time.
Dave Lesar: 38:23 Hey, Julian. Hey, congratulations to you. Congratulations to you too.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 38:29 Appreciate it. Thank you so much. [Indiscernible]. Maybe if I can, I know a lot of questions here around Houston, but what about the Natural Gas Innovation Act in Minnesota here? I mean where you still in the process, I think there's some mid-year filings here. Can you talk about how that could impact the plan as well to a certain extent?
Dave Lesar: 38:48 Sure, I'll let our renewable energy transition master Jason Wells handle that one.
Jason Wells: 38:56 Good morning, Julien, and congrats as well. Were excited about the Natural Gas Innovation Act, to your point, we will have a filing about the middle of this year outlining our plan. We have green hydrogen, pilot project coming online here, and we look to build on that success with this upcoming filing. 39:17 I would say at this point, I wouldn't see it as a material driver of CapEx in the short-run, call it the next few years of our ten-year CapEx plan, but there is some opportunity when we look at, sort of the back-end of the 10 years. We want to make sure that we're starting to develop, kind of expertise around alternative fuels, but doing so at a prudent pace so that it's cost effective for our customers in Minnesota we look forward to working with the commission on finding that balance and kind of growing into this opportunity as I said over the course of the full 10-year CapEx plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 39:56 [Technical Difficulty] very much. I appreciate that. If I can  going back to the tone on the Master Energy Plan in Houston, I mean as I understand it, a lot of this is dealing with storms and resiliency, how near-term of an opportunity is this, especially when you think about developing transition plans that might require permitting underground, etcetera. [Technical Difficulty] be extended, how near-term could we see some of these impacts, do you realize? And then maybe less if you can elaborate a little bit and how long does this extend here? I mean, it seems like the analog with South Florida and urban growth in the face of storm seems a reasonable [parallel] [ph] here, if you could elaborate as well.
Dave Lesar: 40:40 Yes, I'll let Jason  I think Jason handled the question, but I think go back to our Analyst Day, Julien where we said, we have decades of spending ahead of us in Houston. So, although the Master Energy Plan will sort of set the direction, and Jason can talk about, sort of the near-term and short-term. This will set the direction for what should be a decade spend in terms of upgrading the system here in Houston. So, I think the South Florida analog actually is a pretty good one.
Jason Wells: 41:13 Yeah. I think it's a great analog and maybe I'll reinforce a couple of the points that Dave made and then try to unpack this with a little bit more detailed out  front running the plan. For every day that the greater Houston area is without power, it cost our GDP 1.4 billion. And so, it's really looking at how do we provide a more resilient economy here in the Houston area. 41:36 As Dave pointed out, it is also about a concerted effort to support the adoption of electric vehicles both for light duty vehicles for our customers, as well as medium and heavy duty vehicles for the City of Houston. And then, as Dave said, there's also the need to address social equity and the impacts these storms have on certain communities here in the greater Houston area. 42:01 So, with that as sort of the goals behind the Master Energy Plan, and you look at, kind of what we've done to date, weve made a lot of really great progress on the transmission side of the business. We are in the final stages of converting our entire transmission system to an extreme win standard over the next few years. 42:21 We've made a lot of progress with respect to our substations. After Hurricane Harvey, we embarked on a 10-year project to essentially raise our substations that were prone to flood risk and we're well underway there. Where I see a real opportunity for us is on the distribution side of the business. 42:42 We have about 35,000 miles of overhead conductor that has the opportunity to be hardened, whether that's under or changing to [stronger pole, shorter spans] [ph]. We have the opportunity to really, I think increase some resiliency and improve reliability around the distribution system. And we think about the context of 35,000 miles. That is to Dave's point, kind of a decade long program. And so you'll see hardening of a distribution system, you'll see increases in distribution system capacity to handle electric vehicles. 43:17 And we're really excited about what this can mean for our customers. We just really want to work with the city and likely we'll be in a position of unveiling this Master Energy Plan towards the end of this year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: 43:32 Okay. Thank you again. Speak to you soon.
Operator: 43:35 Your next question will come from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: 43:40 Hey, good morning. Congrats on a constructive update.
Dave Lesar: 43:43 Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: 43:45 I wanted to talk about another part of Texas growth potential, which is electric transmission and just thinking about the potential to bring more clean energy into your load centers and just, you know there's some challenges that I think the renewable energy community youve have around interconnection and actually getting the power to where it is really needed, and I know you all are quite focused on this, but just curious if I could get your latest thoughts on the opportunity there, some of the key challenges in bringing renewables into your load centers?
Dave Lesar: 44:18 Yeah, I think it's a good question because it's something that we deal with every day. Heres some, sort of anecdotes to put things in context. Our service territory is only about 2.5% of the geographic footprint in the State of Texas, but we're almost a quarter of the load in the State of Texas from an electric standpoint. 44:44 So, having adequate transmission in from the rest of the state into what's a relatively small geographic footprint is really, really critical. I think you're seeing a couple of issues that have evolved around that. One is, as weve said at our Analyst Day, we're seeing more, renewables basically built inside of our service territory, so that the interconnect to the system is shorter and it's easier to do, but there's also  I think a focus at the new PUC in Texas in terms of getting more transmission into, sort of the high demand areas, and that is a dialogue that we've got going on with them right now, but there clearly is a recognition generally that the renewables are going to be in West Texas. 45:37 And the demand is in the eastern side of the state, and having more access points into where our load center is, and the load center is around Dallas and places like that is really critical. And I think you'll see some move in that area over the next year or so. 45:55 Jason, you got anything you want to add?
Jason Wells: 45:57 I would also just say that we've seen an increase in the number of developers that are trying to cite utility scale solar closer to these load centers to, sort of Dave's point. So, we're not having to build extended transmission lines. And this year, we have about 4.4 gigawatts of renewable projects that will be tied into our system here close to the City of Houston. 46:22 We've got about 14 gigs of proposed projects in the queue. And so, we see the opportunity for generation interconnects in and around our service territory to be a growth driver. In the short-run, and as Dave said, in some of these longer transmission lines to continue to provide flexibility and resiliency to our electric transmission grid as long-term drivers as well.
Stephen Byrd: 46:47 That's really helpful. And is it fair to say, you're encouraged by the dialogue you're having with the PUC team in terms of the recognition of the need for this?
Dave Lesar: 46:54 Absolutely.
Jason Wells: 46:55 Absolutely.
Stephen Byrd: 46:57 Okay, that's great. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: 47:00 Your next question will come from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: 47:05 Hey, good morning, Dave. Good morning, Jason.
Dave Lesar: 47:07 Hey, Anthony.
Jason Wells: 47:08 Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: 47:09 Hopefully two easy questions. Just, I believe I heard you correctly, Jason, but in Texas and the recovery of the mobile generation, I believe you said through the DCRF, you get recovering, you start earning on in September, was that in 2023?
Jason Wells: 47:25 That's right. The full balance will be September 2023. We'll make the DCRF filing that well make here shortly, will include the first 200 million, so some of that will fold into rates and will begin earning an equity return on it. In September 2022, we will make filing for the balance, the 500 million for the DCRF filing next year, and so thinking about this is the full earnings power really coming into rates and therefore into earnings in September 2023 and beyond.
Anthony Crowdell: 47:59 Got it. So, I think a bit more in two-step process, some of it comes in 2022 in their filing in September 2022, the remaining in 2023?
Jason Wells: 48:06 That's right. Yes.
Anthony Crowdell: 48:08 Great. And just a last question, and I know it's not a part of the core business, just on one of the earlier slides you talked about excluding, I guess, the ZENS from the ongoing number. Any thought to or is there an ability to monetize your ownership in that or is that in your 10-year plan, do you still see the company having the ZENS throughout the forecast?
Jason Wells: 48:35 Yeah, its a great question around ZENS. And this was originally a tax deferral strategy from the late 1990s. And the security that we own, we account for on a mark-to-market basis until what we exclude is essentially the mark-to-market volatility since its not reflective of the ongoing earnings power of the company. 48:56 However, those security has basically offset debt that we also have on our books. The deferred tax bill will be due in 2029 and we are looking at ways to monetize the underlying investment [indiscernible] the debt and address that deferred tax liability so that it's not something that sits out there until the end of 2029.
Anthony Crowdell: 49:24 Great. That's all I have. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: 49:28 Our final question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: 49:34 Thank you. Just a couple of questions, if I may. One, on that 2022 guidance range. I know it's still excluding midstream, but how should we think about any of the drivers that go into the consolidated non-GAAP versus, kind of how you were thinking about it before? Is it really no change or is there something in there that's actually making you incrementally more positive from making this change?
Jason Wells: 49:58 No, thanks for the question. I mean, this is really about trying to simplify the story. We had, as part of, sort of, what I would consider to be a transition year in 2021 really focused on Utility EPS is, sort of the ongoing earnings power of the company. Now that we're out of 70% of ET segment, we can focus on a consolidated basis. We're still reaffirming that 8% growth off of the utility segment. I think that when you look at what we're excluding from our earnings related to Energy Transfer, it will actually be a net positive, but we want to make sure that the market continues to focus on the underlying earnings power of our utility businesses as we fully exit that position this year.
Insoo Kim: 50:42 Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. And then secondly, just, I think we have talked in the past or try to figure out that difference between your rate base CAGR over the 5-year or 10-year period and then the 8% EPS growth, just for our modeling purposes, how should we think about the earned ROE trajectory versus allowed in this 5-year period, are we assuming kind of stable earned ROEs in 2022 through 2025 or just to continually increasing, I guess earned ROEs or closing the gap versus [all that] [ph]?
Jason Wells: 51:21 Yes. I think we have the opportunity to continue to close the gap on earned ROEs. It depends on the jurisdiction, but generally speaking in some of the larger jurisdictions were earning slightly less than our allowed return on a pure, sort of rate based math basis. We make up that small amount of under earning with Ill call it below the line activity, whether it's [indiscernible] earnings or incentive revenues that are more than our below the line costs. 51:54 So, as we continue to focus on driving to earning and allowed return in each our jurisdictions continue to minimize corporate overhead, I do think we have the opportunity to continue to improve on that earnings growth profile over the course of the next five years.
Insoo Kim: 52:14 Got it. Thank you and congratulations.
Jason Wells: 52:17 Thank you.
Jackie Richert: 52:18 Yeah. Thank you, operator, if you would  I think that's going to be all in the queue for now. If you don't mind, go ahead and give the replay details. Operator, [indiscernible].
Operator: 52:34 Today's call will be available for replay, running through Midnight Eastern time on March 2. This does conclude today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the Company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operators Instruction] Please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up question. I will now turn the call over to Phil holder, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations.
Philip Holder: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint 's earnings conference call. David Lesar, our CEO, Jason Wells, our CFO, will discuss the Company's Third Quarter 2021 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties.  Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, on our SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will also discuss non-GAAP EPS, referred to as utility EPS, earnings guidance, and our utility earnings growth target. In providing these financial performance metrics and guidance, we use a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share.  For information on our guidance methodology in the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation. Both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, I would like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
David Lesar: Thank you, Phil. Good morning, and thank you to everyone joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Because we recently hosted our Analyst Day, we will keep our prepared remarks brief today. As you know, we laid out our first ever 10-year plan back at our Analyst Day. We expressed then and are reiterating today that we are a management team who can execute. We believe we will continue to demonstrate that for you. This marks my sixth quarter with CenterPoint and Jason's fifth. I'd like to first start by laying out how we are building a consistent track record of delivery. First, if you recall, the CenterPoint value proposition we laid out at our recent Analyst Day, focused on our efforts to achieve sustainable earnings growth for our shareholders. Sustainable, resilient, and affordable rates for our customers, and a sustainable positive impact on the environment for our communities. I believe we are continuing down the path of achieving this value proposition.  Each quarter under the new CenterPoint leadership, we have met or exceeded quarterly utility EPS and dividend expectations. We have increased our annual utility EPS guidance for both 2020 and 2021. And as I will discuss shortly, today, we are increasing our 2021 utility EPS guidance once again. Our 2021 through 2024 annual utility EPS growth rates of 8%. are top decile among our peers. And we also expect to achieve at the mid to high end of our 6% to 8% utility EPS guidance range each year from 2025 to 2030. I am confident in our team's ability to achieve that growth. Last year, we had a $130-billion five-year capital plan. We increased that to $16 billion in our 2020 Analyst Day.  In this year, we increased it yet again to $18 billion plus. We introduced our first ever 10-year capital plan. CenterPoint remains ripe with opportunities across our footprint to expand and harden our system to benefit customers and shareholders. Our current 10-year plan contains no external equity issuances. We will fund the equity portion of our capital needs through internally-generated operating cash flows and are already announced strategic transactions. We're also executing on our plan to become a pure play regulated utility as we approach the closing of the Enable [Indiscernible] merger expected by the end of this year. And then our subsequent sell down of our midstream stake.  With the recent settlement agreement among the parties in Arkansas, we are also moving towards the completion of our LDC asset sale. The remaining steps include the Oklahoma approval, which is anticipated to be received in November, and the all-party settlement in Arkansas is expected to be approved by mid-December. And with our newest announcement around our industry-leading ESG targets, we are on the path to executing on our goals to be net zero on direct emissions by 2035. We continue to believe that this is an achievable path delivering for customers, regulators, investors, and the environment. In the third quarter of 2020, I said that I will not be satisfied until we are recognized as a premium utility.  In the theme of our Analyst Day, was again establishing a path toward a premium. I believe we are making tremendous strides down that path. Before I get into the headlines for this quarter, I want to thank all of the crews for their hard work to restore power after Hurricane Nicholas down here in the Texas Gulf Coast. The storm had winds of up to 90 miles an hour, leaving 470,000 of our Houston Electric customers without power. Within three days, we had 95% of the power restored for those customers. And within five days, the whole system was back online. Now, for this quarter's headlines.  Our year-to-date financial progress has been strong. We are reporting a utility EPS beat and are raising our full-year outlook this quarter. For the third time this year, we are increasing our 2021 utility EPS guidance. This time to $1.26- to $1.28 for the full year. And for the first nine months, we've already achieved nearly 80% of that full-year goal. More importantly, we are still targeting an 8% annual growth rate for 2022 to 2024. So, this raises our guidance for 2022 utility EPS to $1.36 to $1.38. For the 3rd quarter of 2021, we reported $0.25 of utility EPS, which compares to $0.29 in the 3rd quarter of 2020. In the third quarter of this year, we had a one-time impact to earnings of $0.04 per share related to our most recent Board implemented governance changes.  Jason will get into more detail on the variances shortly. Capital investments, as I mentioned earlier, we have increased our 5-year capital plans to $18 billion plus over the next 5 years and $40 billion plus over the next 10 years. This is nearly a 40% increase in our five-year capital investment plan since the third quarter of 2020. This includes new opportunities that stem from the latest legislative session in Texas. One of those opportunities was the ability to lease and put into rate base mobile generation units. We move quickly on this opportunity and procured five 5-megawatt and three 30-megawatt mobile generation units. Some of which we were able to deploy during Hurricane Nicholas as backup while crews worked to repair our system.  And recently, during an ERCOT forecasted Texas -wide load shutting event, the Texas PUC asked us to make sure our units were ready to support customers. We were the first utility in the state to act on this legislative opportunity, and had them in place to utilize them in the way the law intended. We look forward to mobilize quickly on the other tools provided to us by the Texas legislature to improve the resiliency of the electric grid and help reduce the risk of prolonged outages. We already have an outstanding RFP for additional mobile generation, which could bring our total up to 500 megawatts and hope to have this procured in the coming months.  We believe that with the deployment of these additional tools, we will be able to mitigate some of the impacts of future extreme weather events on our customers. Due to recent weather events in both Louisiana and Texas, we're running slightly behind on our capital spending plans on a year-to-date basis. These weather events pulled away many of our contract crews. So, they could provide mutual assistance to our fellow utilities, especially in Louisiana. Therefore, while deployed elsewhere, they could not work on our capital projects.  But we have a catch-up plan in place and anticipate making the shortfall off. In anticipation of continued labor shortages and as we ramp up our capital plans in the coming years, we have now moved to procure additional contractor resources from multiple suppliers. We believe that this will help to support continuity in crews on a long-term basis, reduce the impact of any labor disruptions in executing our $40-billion plus capital spend over the next 10 years. O&M. Turning to O&M, we remain committed to our continuous improvement cost management efforts and our target of 1% to 2% average annual reductions.  We've already realized the benefit of some of these improvements this year. We stated in the second quarter that we could accelerate approximately $20 million of recurring O&M work forward from 2022 into this year, if we had the available resources. So far, we've achieved approximately 20% of this goal year-to-date and remain confident around our team's ability to continue to execute towards this goal for the balance of the year. This allows us the luxury of reducing near-term run rate O&M costs, which helps to mitigate rate pressures while maintaining continued focus on reliability and safety of our service for customers, all while sustaining growth for our shareholders.  Organic growth. In addition to O&M continuous improvement efforts, we are fortunate to operate in growing jurisdictions. This combination plays a key role in keeping our growth plans affordable for our customers. As we discussed during our Analyst Day, Houston is the fourth largest city in the U.S. And the only 1 of those 4 that's growing. Houston's organic growth has been multi-decades long. That organic growth rate continued for yet another quarter. We're also seeing strong growth in many of our other jurisdictions as well. On a year-over-year basis, we saw about 2% customer growth for electric and 1% for natural gas due September.  Again, this organic growth is a luxury most other utilities just do not have. Now let me shift gears and give a brief regulatory update. A recent highlight in Indiana happened just this past week. As part of our long-term electric generation transition plan, we received the CPCN approval from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission. For the first tranche of solar generation, 75% of which we expect to own and 25% through a PPA. This approval shows the commission's alignment and support of our 2020 IRP, which bridges our coal generation into a mix of lower-carbon and renewable sources.  We anticipate the CPC and decisions for our gas CT plant in the second or third quarter of 2022 and the incremental solar PPA in the 3rd quarter of 2022. As outlined in our IRP, we are targeting to own approximately 50% of our Total Solar Generation portfolio. Our continued build-out of renewables is a key driver in achieving our net zero direct emissions goal by 2035. Shifting to gas cost recovery from the February winter storm. We continue to make progress. And as we previously mentioned, we have mechanisms in place or begun recovery in all jurisdictions.  We are happy to report that just this past week, we reached a settlement on the prudes proceedings supporting securitization of 100% of gas costs in Texas, including all related carrying costs. We look forward to the commission approval of the agreement. We anticipated financing order for the securitization bonds by the end of the year. With this timeline, we anticipate receiving the proceeds sometime mid next year. In Minnesota, we started a recovery as of September and are working with stakeholders on ways to reduce the impact on our customers.  We filed a rate case earlier this week and also proposed an alternative rate stabilization plan to address the unique set of circumstances customers are experiencing. The full rate case request $67.1 million per year, while the rate stabilization plan request $39.7 million per year and an extended recovery period for winter storm costs. The proposed rate stabilization plan would resolve the rate case and limit the bill impact on customers. In part by recovery in the winter storm costs over a 63-month period, we're asking the PUC to review and approve the stabilization plan by the end of this year, which would allow rates to take effect on January 1st.  To summarize, we are working with stakeholders to align our focus on safety and related investments while minimizing the burden to our customers. Largely as a result of mechanisms in our Houston Electric in the Indiana South gas jurisdictions, we have recently received approval for $40 million of increased incremental annual revenue. As discussed in our Analyst Day, we anticipate approximately 80% of our 10-year capital plans to be recovered through interim mechanisms, which demonstrates the constructive jurisdictions in which we operate. In Texas, our PUC is now appointed a fourth commissioner.  Jason and I have now had the opportunity to meet all four commissioners and are very encouraged by the dialogue and expertise that all of these commissioners bring to the PUC. We look forward to continued engagement with the commissions in all of our jurisdictions. So those are the headlines for the quarter. I remain excited about what's to come for CenterPoint. We have a growing track record of execution, and believe, it more than demonstrates what we can do in the near future and the unique value proposition that CenterPoint offers to you. With that, let me turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. This marks my 1 year of earnings calls with CenterPoint, and the story keeps getting better. To re-emphasize Dave's message, we're focused on establishing a track record of consistent execution. And I fully believe the best is yet to come here at CenterPoint. I'll start this morning with the earnings for the third quarter of 2021. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.32 for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $0.13 for the third quarter of 2020. Looking at Slide 5, we reported $0.33 of non-GAAP EPS for the third quarter of 2021 compared to $0.34 for the third quarter of 2020, our utility EPS was $0.25 for the third quarter of 2021, while Midstream Investments contributed another $0.08.  Favorable growth and rate recovery, lower interest expense, and reversal of the net impacts from COVID last year, each contributed $0.01 of favorability. These amounts were offset by $0.04 related to our onetime board implemented governance changes recorded this quarter and another $0.03 of unfavorable variance attributable to weather and usage. For context, we experienced 73 fewer cooling degree days in Houston for the third quarter of 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020.  We estimate that each cooling degree day above normal has approximately a $70,000 a day impact in our Houston Electric business. Turning to Slide 6, for the first 9 months, we've achieved nearly 80% of our full-year 2021 utility EPS guidance, which we are now raising to $1.26 to $1.28. And as Dave said, we are also raising our utility EPS guidance for 2022 to $1.36 to $1.38, which is an 8% increase from our new 2021 estimates. Looking beyond that, we are focused on delivering 8% annual utility EPS growth through 2024, and at the mid - to high-end of our 6% to 8% annual utility EPS range over the remainder of our 10-year plan.  Strong growth each year in every year, no CAGRs for earnings. The last thing I'll mention for this quarter is the share count. Our preferred Series B shares converted into 36 million common shares as of September 1st, further reducing the number of share classes outstanding. We expect the conversion will have no impact on earnings as the increase in shares is effectively offset by the termination of our Series B dividends. Going forward, I want to reiterate, we have no external equity included in our current growth plans, and only expect our share count to modestly increase from dividend reinvestment or incentive plans.  Now, I want to offer some color on the capital plans supporting our rate base and utility EPS growth. We've spent approximately $2.3 billion year-to-date on capital investments. As Dave mentioned, we had some slight delays due to recent weather events and are focused on making that up over the coming months. We outlined on our Analyst Day the three buckets that we are investing in, safety, reliability, and growth in enabling clean investments that are included in our $40-billion plus 10-year capital investment plan. This investment profile should benefit our shareholders, our customers, and the environment.  We see those opportunities weighted nearly 60% towards investments in our electric business throughout the plant. While we are slightly behind the capital plan on a year-to-date basis. We are in the midst of ramping up to a sustained increase in our capital investments. And we're restructuring contract crews in a way that helps support our labor needs to execute this level of investment. We're confident we will make up the shortfall by early 2022. Moving to the financing updates, our current liquidity remains strong at $1.8 billion, including available borrowings under our short-term credit facilities and unrestricted cash.  Our long-term FFO to debt objective remains between 14% and 15% aligning with Moody's methodology. And it's consistent with the expectations of the rating agencies. As mentioned during the Analyst Day, it's our intention to stay within this range throughout the course of our long-term plan. Lastly, as we near the end of the calendar year, we're getting incrementally closer to the expected closing of the strategic transactions we've announced. We recently filed a settlement in Arkansas that represents an agreement amongst all parties.  We anticipate that Arkansas Commission will issue its final approval by mid-December. In Oklahoma, a hearing was held on November 3rd, and we expect a final order soon. Finally, as Energy Transfer expressed on their earnings call earlier this week, the Enable and Energy Transfer merger is also expected to close before year-end. Once that transaction closes, we will remain absolutely focused on reducing and then eliminating our exposure to midstream through a disciplined approach.  As said on our Analyst Day, we anticipate being fully exited from the midstream sector by the end of 2022. We will then be nearly a pure play regulated utility. As we continue to express, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize the quarter value. And with that, we look forward to more of the shorter earnings calls in the future. I'll turn the call back over to Dave.
David Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you heard from us today and others from our full management team during the Analyst Day the outlook for CenterPoint just keeps getting better. As I said, we now have six quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations, but we believe there is much more to come. We are demonstrating the pathway to premium and we hope that you will be on board with us as a shareholder when that happens.
Philip Holder: Thank you, Dave. We will now take a few questions, being mindful of today's earnings schedule and the upcoming EEI conference.
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] The Company requests that when asking a question, callers pick up their telephone handsets. Please limit yourselves to 1 question and 1 follow-up question. Thank you. Our first question is from [Indiscernible]. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell : Hey, good morning, Dave. Good morning, Jason.
David Lesar : Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell : Hopefully I contribute to the short earnings call, but just -- I think of the Company maybe over the last year, it was maybe more of a transition story. And we got, I guess, 3 increases in guidance throughout the year, including today. How do we think about going forward if we're more now on steady-state and the guidance you gave is probably more set and we look to be in the middle of it or do we continue to get maybe increases in guidance? And I have one follow-up.
David Lesar : Well, look, I hope you got a sense today of how confident we are in the business or the direction that the business is going at this point in time. And I think that we're starting to hit on cylinders. So, I agree, we we're in a transition. But I think going to transition to, what we believe ought to be, a premium utility. So, I think if you listened to what we said today and let me boil it down into pretty simple terms, whatever we do this year, we will do 8% more than next year. Whatever we do next year, we'll do 8% more of the year after that, and etc., as we outlined during our Analyst Day. But we've got a lot of tailwinds behind us right now, and we really, really like where we are.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. And just one follow-up. David, the Analyst Day you gave us some great insight into, I guess just commodity prices maybe from a previous job you held. Just thoughts on -- are you seeing any type of change in your view that you think maybe the commodity and prices will end up coming down?
David Lesar : No, I think -- I assume you're referring to natural gas prices.
Anthony Crowdell : Yes.
David Lesar : And I think that, if you look at the strip, it is starting to drift down. But I think more importantly, it's really -- the focus, if you look at gas prices on our business specifically, we've got organic growth to absorb issues. We've got our ability on O&M. So, if your question really is, do we see an impact on customer rates, certainly it's going to be out there. But I think we've got some offsets that maybe other utilities don't have. Jason, if there's anything you want to add to that?
Jason Wells : Sure Dave. Thanks for the question, Anthony. As we outlined at Analyst Day, we continue to work within our defined gas procurement plans for each jurisdiction. And as of today, looking across all of our Jurisdiction, we're roughly 60% hedged. Now that we're going into the upcoming winter season and for almost all of those jurisdictions, we've locked in kind of a weighted average cost of gas of somewhere between sort of the mid-3s and high 3s, $3 per MBTU in the majority of our jurisdictions.  And so, feel well-positioned for this upcoming winter season. Obviously, we continue to look at what we can do across the business to ease the burden on our customers. And I think one example of what is the creative alternative rate stabilization plan that we just recently filed in Minnesota. So, we'll continue to look for ways to minimize. the bill impacts. But I feel like we're well prepared coming into this upcoming winter season.
Anthony Crowdell : Great. Thanks for taking my question. I will see you guys at EEI and, Dave, sorry about the Stros.
David Lesar : Yeah. Well, better luck next year, right?
Operator: Our next question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza : Hey, good morning, guys?
David Lesar : Good morning.
Jason Wells : Good morning.
Shar Pourreza : Just with the current CapEx plan, you're obviously more levered to electric side of the business and the IRP in Indiana presents some additional upside beyond the 5 years for electric investment. Dave, do you have a target mix for electric versus gas contribution? What's the timeline to achieve it especially as we're thinking about potentially further gas optimization funding, which seems to be a very sizable electric de - carbonization plan.
David Lesar : Yeah, I think that if you set a step back and take a look at 50,000 -- the sort of 50,000-foot level, the stand and direction and strategy the Company is to bias us toward the electric side of our business. Part of it is that coal transition certainly helps that because of the capital that it is going to absorb. And as we've said at our Analyst Day, and we've said in some of our prior calls, we don't need equity to execute this 10-year plan, but if other opportunities did come up, we know the inherent value of the remaining gas LDC s, And I could look to them as a source of liquidity. But I think bottom line is we're biased toward electric, and that is the way we will continue to drift. I'm not going to put a prediction out there as to what that ratio will be over time. But directionally, that's where we're headed.
Shar Pourreza : Got it. And then just lastly, obviously, a little bit behind on the CapEx as you highlighted in the prepared remarks, but still targeting that $18 billion plus. What are some of the governing factors to increasing the upside or bringing that a $1 billion into the base plan that we discussed during the Analyst Day?
David Lesar : I think it's a couple of things. One is just getting sort of final resolution and clarity around the new tools in the tool box with respect to the Texas legislative process. We highlighted today the temporary generation, for instance, that we've moved very, very quickly on those kinds of things, would absorb some of that additional billion-dollar in sort of contingent capital that we laid out on our Analyst Day. And the other just -- the other issue is going to be just findings sufficient crews and labor and parts and inventory and those kinds of things out there to accelerate it.  So, I think the message we tried to leave at Analyst Day is we have $18 billion plus to spend in the next 5 years, $40 billion plus to spend in the next 10 years. And we will spend that capital as fast as we can reasonably do so as long as it's consistent with rate pressures that we will have, and to spend it efficiently. So again, we've got the wind at our back on many, many things and our capital spend opportunities is certainly one of those.
Shar Pourreza : Great. Thanks, and thank you for that. We'll see you guys soon. Appreciate it.
David Lesar : Thanks.
Jason Wells : Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
David Lesar : Good Morning, Insoo.
Insoo Kim : Good morning Dave. Just first question going back to Shar's question on the CapEx and a potential -- or I guess a delayed currently. I understand the reasoning for the year-to-date delay and how you're going to make that up, just when you look out currently at the current environment does structurally, are you seeing any concerns or challenges to get the current CapEx plan executed over the next couple of years, whether it is the labor shortages or just from a maybe from a cost standpoint, labor costs or other items that could potentially be a headwind?
David Lesar : Look, just like pretty much every other Company and management team in the U.S., we're dealing with supply chain issues, upward pressure on labor costs. But I don't think that we have seen that to such an extent that we are going to say that we can't meet the capital plan. We have every intention and we have every confidence we're going to meet the capital plan. We tried to give a little color to it with respect to that on the call today. We have moved aggressively to tie up more construction crews.  We have expanded our vendor base in and around that area. One of the tools that we got in the new legislative processes, the ability to put long lead time items into inventory and into rate base. So, we're looking at all of those. I think the sort of small slip and capital spend this year really was unrelated to any of that. It really was related to the storms that really pounded into Louisiana. And as all utilities do, we help each other when those situations arise.  And we released a number of our crews that we're focused on capital build for us to help the people in Louisiana get back on their feet. Those crews are now coming back. And as Jason said, we've got a short-term plan in place to catch up on that capital spend. But our longer-term view of tying up crews and making sure we have the long lead time items ordered give us a great deal of confidence that the capital plan we have is and it's going to be achievable.
Insoo Kim : Understood. And just quickly, this -- the other question I had was, as we think about the closing of the midstream transaction, remind me, is there -- I know you've already priced up contingent sale of a portion of it, but is there a limit on how much you can sell in terms of the units at any given time?
David Lesar : I'll let my very good CFO, Jason, answer that question.
Jason Wells : Insoo, thanks for the question. No, there is no direct limit. And we had talked about previously the need to register those units. Energy Transfer has already undertaken that effort, so we are free to execute contingent for -- up until the close as we have done, once the deal is closed, to the extent that we want to execute a marketed offering, we have to obviously coordinate with Energy Transfer. We have full flexibility to do that after the close of the transaction. And then similarly, we will have the ability to dribble the share. So, I think we're moving to a place, a full control, no limitation on the number of units.
Insoo Kim : Got it. Thank you and see you soon.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin -Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : ey, good morning team. Sorry about the Stros there. I wanted to send my condolences as well here.
David Lesar : I'd tell you I didn't think this turn into burial of the Astros. But I appreciate the sentiments. There's always next year remember that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : We know they're close to your heart. There we go. Indeed. Listen, just wondering what's driving the confidence still on the timeline for the ET deal here. I know you mentioned it here again, you mentioned at the Analyst Day, but maybe remind us where that process stands specifically with respect to FTC today, they continue to put out their own headlines?
Jason Wells : And good morning, [Indiscernible]. It's Jason here. Look, as we've said at Analyst Day Energy Transfer Enable obviously taking the lead with this in the conversations with the FTC. We're clearly a very interested party and everything that we've observed just gives us confidence that this deal will get close here in the fourth quarter. So, I don't think -- it's probably more of a direct question for Energy Transfer, for how those conversations are going by the day. But as I said, as we observe the progress, we continue to remain confident of a close here in Q4.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. All right, fair enough. And then on this alternate stabilization plan. Can you talk a little bit more about the mechanics? Obviously, it's early here, but is there been any feedback so far, the proposal? Obviously, these are somewhat sensitive subject, so I'll let you respond accordingly.
David Lesar : Thanks, Julien. It's a really unique situation, obviously in Minnesota with the incremental gas costs from [Indiscernible] the fact that we've got a regular rate case scheduled there. And so, while we filed a typical rate case, we thought it was prudent to bring for what we've deemed the great stabilization plan. And I think we -- what it tries to do is build off of what was just a recent settlement of the last rate case filed in Minnesota.  So, keeping similar terms on depreciation rates, cost of capital allows us to recover the capital that we will be spending over the next couple of years to improve the safety of our gas systems. It differs a little bit of the amortization of some regulatory assets for things like COVID-related costs and some of the incremental O&M that we had anticipated. But we think it puts us in a really good position to continue to improve system safety with our capital investment plans, while recognizing the rate impact and trying to moderate that for our customers there in Minnesota. And so early days in terms of conversations with stakeholders, but we hope that it is seeing as constructive solution in the backdrop of what is a unique situation there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Got it. And last one, just super quick there. I heard you guys comment on the backup gen in Texas. But any updates on differences, Texas [Indiscernible], obviously the [Indiscernible] will be moving fairly swiftly still here. Curious if there's anything to be said on that front as a function of reforms.
David Lesar : I think maybe just to tease you a little bit. Yes, we're having some dialogue with them on additional transmission lines, but it's really too early to talk about any specifics on it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Okay. fair enough. I suspect it as much. Bye. Best of luck. Speak soon.
David Lesar : Thanks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith : Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
David Lesar : Morning.
Durgesh Chopra : Hey. Hey, good morning. Just one for me. Just on the Indiana solar program, David, near commentary, you mentioned 75/25 mix, 75 rate base, 25 PPA 'd. Is that sort of what you're targeting going forward in your plans? And just curious as to how you got there in terms of the 75/25 mix.
David Lesar : Good morning. I'll let Jason answer that.
Jason Wells : Good morning, Durgesh. It's -- overall, as we look at this first sort of part of our coal transition plan, we're targeting a 50/50 allocation, that is 50% owned renewables, 50% contracted through PPAs for the renewable portion for the first tranche of the coal transition, We had filed originally, as you pointed out and as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, an initial tranche of solar that was 75% owned, 25% PPA. We then subsequently filed in the third quarter this year for a 100% PPA solar projects. And so again, as you look through each of these individual filings, we're targeting a 50-50 owned contract target mix for renewables.
Durgesh Chopra : Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our last question is from Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd : Hey, good morning.
David Lesar : Morning.
Jason Wells : Morning.
Stephen Byrd : Just had one kind of a broad question just on draft federal legislation. And as you look at that, I know that's subject to change and who knows what the final version will look like. But I was thinking in particular about, I guess two elements: 1. Ill be a tax policy and impacts in terms of cash flow, customer bills, etc. And then the other was just broad support for clean energy, whether that might change or enhance some of your resource plans and movement towards clean energy or accelerate some of your plans. So just curious what you're thinking there?
David Lesar : I'll -- let me take the first crack at it. And I'll have Jason can talk about the potential tax impact. But you're absolutely right. It's definitely a moving target right now and haven't been through many of these efforts that Weiner way through Washington, I learned a long time ago. You really -- you got to just watch the process happen, but you don't want to do anything concrete until it is set in law and then you can react to it. I think directionally from -- if you look at the renewables and the ESG aspects of it, it's certainly supportive of the direction that we're going.  But based on what we see right now, I don't see it accelerating or decelerating anything that we've got on plans. We have as you know, set up an industry leading end goal out there Net direct emissions to 0 by 2035. And I think that's a good plan. We're going to stick with it. That's the direction we're headed. We get some incremental help with what comes out of DC, we'll take advantage of it. But it isn't going to bump us off course from the direction we're headed right now. Jason, do you want to talk about the tax aspect?
Jason Wells : Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Steven. From a tax standpoint, we are a federal cash tax payer. Right now, as you cut through our financials, there's a lot of one-time items as we've executed on this transition to a pure play regulated utility and we will continue to see that. As you cut through that for us, we are our effective tax rate from a cash tax standpoint. It's somewhere between 8% to 10%. So clearly a minimum tax of 15% would put a little bit of impact or headwind on the financing plan.  We don't think it's certainly something that we can overcome. We don't think it's an impediment to the CapEx plan that we outlined and still feel like we can continue to maintain a strong Balance Sheet as we outline and deliver on our $40-billion capital investment plan. So early days, we'll follow it, probably not as big an impact to us, as maybe some of our peers, just given the fact that we have been a federal cash taxpayer. But obviously, something we will continue to monitor.
Stephen Byrd : That's great. Thank you very much.
Philip Holder: Again, thank you everyone for joining us today and for your interest in CenterPoint. We look forward to seeing you all at EEI.
Operator: This concludes today's CenterPoint Energy's third quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Phil Holder, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations. Mr. Holder?
Philip Holder: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint's earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; Jason Wells, our CFO; and Tom Webb, our Senior Adviser, will discuss the company's second quarter 2021 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will also discuss non-GAAP EPS, referred to as Utility EPS, earnings guidance and our utility earnings growth target. In providing these financial performance metrics and guidance, we use a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now I'd like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
David Lesar: Thank you, Phil. Good morning, and thank you for joining our second quarter 2021 earnings call. This call marks my 1-year anniversary as CEO of CenterPoint, and I am excited to update everyone on our results this morning. We are now hitting the fast-paced organizational stride I want us to have, and the length of today's prepared remarks will be more in line with the template I want to follow going forward. Now while we are always keen to discuss our great future, we are planning to discuss our exciting longer-term strategy updates at our Analyst Day, which will take place on September 23 here in Houston. Though this is our second Analyst Day in less than 12 months, we feel that it is warranted as we are now well into our strategic transition and we want to use that forum to update our investors on our longer-term business plan, earnings capacity, financial metrics and the net zero emissions target that we will be sharing with you. We are also excited for the opportunity to spend more time with you in our hometown here in Houston and to see you in person. Let me quickly remind you of just how far we have come in the last year. A year ago, CenterPoint was going through a strategic review at the direction of our Business Review and Evaluation Committee or BREC. The goal of the review was to optimize shareholder value and address specific shareholder concerns. Initially, in my role as Chairman of the BREC, and then later when I became CEO, it was crystal clear to me that while the company had a great asset base and talented employees, we have not unlocked all of our potential, and certainly had not taken full advantage of all of our inherent opportunities. Before the BREC process, CenterPoint was targeting modest EPS growth and had reduced capital spending in our regulated businesses. We had work to do to strengthen our regulatory relationships. The company had previously announced a strategic review of Enable, but had not found an executable opportunity to actually reduce exposure to its midstream investments. This frustrated investors. Our O&M expenses were historically growing, and we needed a stronger balance sheet. We had minimal renewables opportunities on our radar screen, and we were in search of a permanent CFO. So yes, the list of challenges was long. I mentioned these not to revisit the adversities our investors and company we're experiencing, but to highlight for you the aggressive speed and approach used by our new team to attack and resolve the challenges and headwinds we faced. Let me quickly recap our progress. I substantially refreshed and diversified our Executive Committee, and we now have what I believe is a best-in-class management team. We announced an updated 5-year strategy that prioritizes investment in our regulated businesses and boosted our planned capital spending by about 25% to $16 billion. We instituted a 10% utility rate base CAGR, well above our peer group average of 8%. That rate base growth then supported an increased long-term utility EPS target growth rate of 6% to 8%, which is also above the consensus peer average of 6%. To efficiently fund our growth, while repairing our balance sheet, we announced the sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs at a landmark earnings multiple of 2.5x rate base. We were instrumental in the Enable and Energy Transfer merger which, once closed, will provide us a pathway to eliminate our exposure to midstream. And we announced a commitment to a 1% to 2% annual reduction in O&M over the 5 years to keep our customer rate growth manageable. We recently announced changes to our Board leadership to bring our governance structure in line with best practices and shareholder expectations, and we will be announcing a commitment to an industry-leading net zero carbon commitment at our Analyst Day. So in my view, we certainly have walked the talk, and through timely and aggressive actions overcome many of the headwinds we faced. Now it's time for CenterPoint to switch gears. We are going to use the same aggressive approach and organizational speed to take advantage of the tailwinds we have today. Our strong execution, coupled with a privilege to serve some of the fastest-growing regions in our country, have created the foundation for CenterPoint to trade as one of the premium utilities in the U.S. Believe me, we are just getting started. Our 6-month financial performance in 2021 has been strong. Today, we are raising our 2021 Utility EPS guidance range to $1.25 to $1.27. This 8% growth projection in '21 puts us at the high end of our 6% to 8% Utility EPS annual growth target. And as a reminder, this increase in guidance is after the dilution impact of the 18% increase in our share count that we experienced in 2020. When we compare our Utility EPS growth to analysts' long-term consensus growth for our peers, we are now in the top decile. And as you would expect, we are also reaffirming both our long-term 6% to 8% Utility EPS annual growth target and 10% rate base compound annual growth rate target. This 10% rate base growth also exceeds the average 8% rate base growth of our peer group. For the second quarter of 2021, we reported strong results, including $0.28 of Utility EPS compared to $0.18 for the second quarter of 2020. The comparison to Q2 2020 is a bit noisy, and I believe essentially irrelevant as both quarters included a number of one-off items. Q2 2020 results also reflected the impact of COVID on our business. The bottom line for me is to focus on the reality that our Utility EPS is expected to grow 8% this year over last year, and then target 6% to 8% growth from there. Jason will go into more detail on the quarterly results a little later in this call. Our O&M continuous improvement programs have strengthened our results for the first 6 months of 2021. We are already on track to save over $40 million in total O&M costs this year alone, while maintaining our focus on safety. This is almost 3% of our annual O&M cost. However, when compared to last year's second quarter, our O&M costs are actually up a bit. Again, this is just more noise that I don't worry about as last year's second quarter O&M costs were artificially depressed by the impact of COVID and disconnect moratoriums. We are still absolutely committed to our continuous improvement cost management efforts in our target of 1% to 2% annual reductions in O&M. In fact, as a result of our excellent 2021 results to date, we were in the fortunate place to be able to already make a management decision and begin pulling recurring O&M work forward from 2022 into the last 6 months of this year and still be able to hit the 8% Utility EPS growth for this year. This allows us the luxury of reducing near-term run rate O&M costs today, and immediately reinvesting them for the future long-term benefit of our customers and investors. We continue to see industry-leading organic customer growth rates. Despite COVID, our Houston service territory continues its 30-plus years of consistent growth. Overall, we saw about 2% customer growth for electric and 1% for natural gas for the first 6 months of the year when compared to the prior year. The growth is supported by the highest level of new home starts in Houston since 2005. This continued and consistent growth reinforces the value of the fast-growing markets that we serve. This organic growth plays a key role in keeping our service costs reasonable for our customers. Moving to capital investments. We have invested approximately $1.5 billion for the first 6 months of this year and are still on track to invest approximately $3.4 billion for the full year 2021. More importantly, we now have better line of sight to additional capital investment opportunities beyond the 5-year $16 billion investment plan we outlined on our Analyst Day. New Texas legislation provides more tools to transmission and distribution utilities to improve the resiliency of the electric grid and helps minimize the risk of prolonged outages and allows us to put all of this into rate base. Some of these laws include the ability to lease and put into rate base, backup battery storage capacity for resiliency and to assist with restoring power. Next, the ability to lease and put into rate base emergency generation, which may include mobile generation capabilities. The ability to immediately procure, store and put into rate base long lead time items related to restoring power, and the allowing of economic versus resiliency justifications for new transmission projects. Based on initial analysis, these legislative changes provide support to increase our 5-year capital investment plan by at least $500 million. Now this is on top of the $1 billion in reserve capital investment opportunities we previously identified during our last Analyst Day, but were not incorporated into that plan. Just as important, we will have the ability to efficiently fund $1.1 billion of these incremental opportunities. This is primarily due to the incremental proceeds expected from the sale of our gas LDCs and the execution of tax mitigation strategies, which Jason will discuss shortly as well as additional debt, assuming a roughly 50-50 cap structure. Even better, all of this is before the additional proceeds we anticipate from the sale of Energy Transfer units given the significant appreciation in value since the Enable and Energy Transfer merger was announced. We are in the midst of quantifying what the whole new slate of organic opportunities will look like, and we'll be in a position to provide more detail at our Analyst Day in September. However, just as a teaser, we are confident that we will be in a position to announce an increase to our previous 5-year investment plan, fund that increase with no incremental equity and execute on projects that will continue to improve the resiliency and safety of our systems for the benefit of our customers, a very nice trifecta. Now I will briefly touch on strategic initiatives, which we have announced over the recent months, including our gas LDC sale and our planned exit of our midstream investment. We know that investors are highly focused on the ultimate completion of these initiatives, and we believe we will achieve our timing expectations. We continue to make progress on the gas LDC sale and still anticipate closing by the end of the year. We are working closely each day with Summit to secure regulatory approvals for the sale and to successfully transition that business. Turning to the Enable transaction. We still anticipate the transaction between Enable and Energy Transfer to close in the second half of the year. We remain absolutely focused on reducing and then eliminating our midstream exposure through a disciplined approach. Now to be clear, it would be very unlikely for either of these transactions to close prior to our September Analyst Day. And finally, to reiterate what we said when we announced the news of these two transactions in our last quarterly call, completing these transactions will not change our industry-leading 6% to 8% Utility EPS growth target or 10% rate base compound annual growth rate target. Finally, I want to highlight the Natural Gas Innovation Act that recently passed in Minnesota. This is a landmark law that establishes a new state regulatory policy that creates additional opportunities for a natural gas utility to invest in innovative, clean energy resources and technologies, including renewable natural gas, green hydrogen and carbon capture and further demonstrates the forward-thinking mindset of the jurisdictions that we serve. This is a successful outcome for all stakeholders as we work to collectively achieve lower greenhouse gas emission reduction goals. With the approval from the Minnesota Public Utility Commission, a utility can invest up to 1.75% of our gross operating revenue in the state annually. This opportunity increases up to 4% of gross operating revenues by 2033. Under the new law, we expect to submit our first innovation plan to the PUC next year. This law aligns with our steadfast commitment to environmental stewardship and more specifically, our carbon reduction goals. Our customers are asking for ways in which we can deliver not only safe and reliable, but cleaner electricity and gas, and we are working to achieve that. Across jurisdictions, we are collaborating to find ways to introduce more renewable fuels into our systems as we firm up our goal to achieve a net zero target. We look forward to unveiling this in September during our Analyst Day. For now, I'll just remind everyone how thrilled I am to be able to deliver these messages. As I've said, this marks 1 year for me as CEO, and a lot has changed. I look forward to the calls every quarter, so I can proudly share our team's accomplishments with you. I strongly believe the strategy we have laid out and the progress we have made so far more than demonstrates what a unique value proposition CenterPoint offers. With that, let me turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave, and thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. While I don't quite have a full year with CenterPoint under my belt, I am just as energized as Dave by our recent execution and more importantly, about the path we are on to becoming a premium utility. Let me get started by discussing our earnings for the second quarter of 2021. On a GAAP EPS basis, we reported $0.37 for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $0.11 for the second quarter of 2020. Looking at Slide 4, we reported $0.36 of non-GAAP EPS for the second quarter of 2021 compared to $0.21 for the second quarter of 2020. Our Utility EPS was $0.28 for the second quarter of 2021, while Midstream investments contributed another $0.08. As Dave mentioned, there were a few onetime items for both quarters that made the comparison a bit noisy. This included favorable impacts for the second quarter of 2021, inclusive of $0.05 attributable to deferred state tax benefits. Of this $0.05 in total, $0.03 of the benefit was related to legislation in Louisiana that eliminated the NOL carryforward limitation period. This amount is included in our Utility EPS results. The remaining $0.02 of benefit was due to Oklahoma's revision of the corporate tax rate, which is a favorable driver in our midstream segment. Our 2020 Utility EPS included a negative $0.06 impact due to COVID. Beyond those onetime items, other notable drivers for the second quarter of 2021 include customer growth and rate recovery, which contributed about $0.04 of favorable impacts as well as miscellaneous revenue contributing another $0.02 of favorable impacts. These were partially offset by a negative $0.02 impact from the share dilution resulting from the May 2020 issuance and a negative $0.03 for unfavorable O&M variance. So there's a lot of noise when comparing to second quarter of 2020 as that was the quarter that most impacted by COVID worldwide. I look through that noise, and I think you should, too. The bottom line is we expect to grow our Utility EPS 8% this year and target 6% to 8% thereafter. And that's what we should all focus on. As Dave mentioned, O&M is a bit noisy this quarter as well. The key takeaway is we are delivering on our planned efficiencies of over $40 million in cost reductions for the year, and are now beginning to accelerate O&M work from 2022. This will help improve reliability of our service for our customers while sustaining growth for our shareholders. With two quarters of financial results behind us, we have good line of sight to our full year 2021 earnings per share outperformance. Our disciplined execution and tailwinds led us to raise our Utility EPS guidance range to $1.25 to $1.27 per share for the full year, which is at the high end of our 6% to 8% annual Utility EPS growth target. Beyond 2021, I want to reiterate, we are focused on growing Utility EPS at 6% to 8% each and every year. No CAGRs here. And we look forward to discussing incremental drivers over a longer-term horizon during our September Analyst Day. Moving to a discussion of future capital opportunities as shown on Page 5. We are currently developing our full analysis of additional capital opportunities resulting from bill signed into effect in Texas during the last legislative session. There will be some shorter-dated opportunities that develop such as the ability to procure long lead time items or to lease a portion of battery storage or backup generation across our footprint, and then some longer-dated projects such as transmission opportunities through economic justification. Based on our first look, we have confidence that new Texas legislation will support at least $500 million of incremental capital investment opportunities over just our current 5-year plan. This number will likely increase as we work with stakeholders to refine the implementation of this new legislation and develop the longer-dated plan to incorporate some of these opportunities. We are confident the new tools we have been providing will help create a more resilient electric grid and help reduce the risk of prolonged outages. Regarding the previously identified incremental $1 billion, we may be able to deploy above our 2020 Analyst Day plan of $16 billion. This incremental capital spending is likely to be allocated towards recurring system improvements to accelerate the improvement in resiliency, reliability and safety of our services. We will provide a more comprehensive update on this additional capital spend in our upcoming Analyst Day, but it is important to highlight any incremental capital we include in this plan won't begin contributing to earnings until 2023 at the earliest, as we will begin recovering incremental spend the year following the investment. As far as the funding sources for these incremental capital opportunities, we continue to take advantage of a number of tailwinds that will allow us to incorporate additional capital spend. As we reported last quarter, and Dave reinforced, we will receive an incremental $300 million of proceeds above our original plan once the gas LDC sale closes. Additionally, we have continued to refine the estimate of the incremental benefit for the method we use to determine the amount of repairs expense that can be deducted for tax purposes. While we are still refining this study, we have confidence that the benefit will generate at least $1 billion in incremental tax deductions, resulting in at least $250 million in additional cash to us and likely more. This enhanced method for determining repairs expense is an efficient way for us to fund these capital investment opportunities, which improve the resiliency and safety of our systems for the benefits of our customers. The combination of these improved sources of funding, coupled with debt, that will be authorized under our regulatory capital structure, supports incremental investments of at least $1.1 billion. And importantly, this amount is before we consider any additional proceeds due to the unit appreciation of Energy Transfer. Moving to the financing updates. We closed our $1.7 billion debt issuance in May, which was comprised of $700 million of 3-year floating rate notes, $500 million of 5-year fixed rate notes at 1.45% and $500 million of 10-year fixed rate notes at 2.65%. The proceeds was to refinance $1.2 billion of near-term maturities at the parent as well as to pay down commercial paper. Based on our current financing plans, we have no further issuance needs for 2021. Our current liquidity remains strong at $2.2 billion, including available borrowings under our short-term credit facilities and unrestricted cash. Our long-term FFO to debt objective is between 14% and 15%, aligning with the Moody's methodology and is consistent with the expectations of the rating agencies. We continue to actively engage with them and they have informed us that they are comfortable with the outlook and thresholds we've indicated. Based on our current financing plans, we will not issue any incremental equity through an aftermarket equity program in 2022, as previously discussed, and are evaluating if or when we would initiate it beyond that. As we've said in the past, we take our commitment to be good stewards of your investment very seriously and realize our obligation to optimize stakeholder value. I am energized with our execution over the last year, and I am confident we are positioning CenterPoint to be a premium utility moving forward. Those are the updates for the quarter. As mentioned, we'll be hosting an Analyst Day here in Houston on September 23. We look forward to the opportunity to engage and introduce you to the depth of the CenterPoint team then. And with that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Tom Webb, our Senior Advisor. This will be Tom's last call with us, as Tom's work here at CenterPoint is winding down. I want to extend our sincerest appreciation to Tom for his counsel and support over the past year. I have, and I know we all have benefited greatly from his time here. Tom will be joining us in September for our Analyst Day for a final event with CenterPoint, and I hope you can all join us for a celebratory toast in person to acknowledge all that Tom has done for CenterPoint.
Thomas Webb: Thank you, Jason, and thank you, Dave. I finally remember your visit to Kalamazoo a year ago, went over Dana's cooking in a bottle of nicely aged Bordeaux wine, I explained how I was busy and retired. You were persuasive. I was humbled to be asked and honored to help in a very small way on your extensive checklist. Top of your list was identifying and attracting one of the very best CFOs in the business. Check. Thank you, Jason. Thank you for taking the challenge. You already have made immediate critical improvements that will be lasting. CenterPoint has transformed in less than a year, selling noncore, nonutility businesses, think Enable securing more efficient financing, think LDC sales, driving clean energy, think coal closures, renewable growth and a lot more to come, and accelerating performance, think continuous improvement. We are witnessing the emergence of a premium utility with sustainable, predictable EPS growth every year. I trust you see it, feel it. We truly do sweat the details so you don't have to. You'll see bumps in the road, serious challenges like the winter storm that impacted many utilities. I bet you had doubts. But watch CenterPoint, this team promptly addresses challenges to protect our customers and deliver for you, our investors. With important capital investment to deliver needed improvements for our customers, our rate base growth target at 10% substantially outstrips the peer average at about 8%. Our resulting annual Utility EPS growth target of 6% to 8% is strong. We expect it to be at the high end of the range this year. And as Dave mentioned, that's top decile. Customer growth of 2% is just the level our peers would celebrate. Coupled with O&M reduction of 1% to 2% a year, this creates a lot of headroom for needed capital investment. Our 5-year plan includes 1% to 2% cost reduction every year. Our plan for this year is for a fast start, down more than $40 million or 3%. And with a fast start, we already are pulling work ahead from 2022. The cost reductions, favorable tax changes, lower financing cost, economic recovery and more allow us to reinvest $20 million for our customers now and possibly more later. This performance reflects good business decisions and continuous improvement. It comes from management commitment, experienced teams and ground-up process improvements that enhance safety every day; quality, doing things right the first time; delivery, doing things on time; cost, we see; and eliminate waste and morale higher every day. This continuous improvement process is powerful. It's just dependence from heroic individual work to better processes that are repeatable; as we eliminate human struggle, the cost fall out. And one of my favorite charts is on the right. As Dave often observes, we take on the headwinds, we take advantage of the tailwinds. We deliver our earnings per share commitment consistently every year. We deploy surplus resources to our customers. It is all about our customers and our investors. We did this last year. We're doing it again now. No ors, just ands here. It's fun to be part of a premium winning utility. Thank you, Dave. Thank you, Jason, and thank you, team. Thank you for allowing me to join the ride. CenterPoint is a great company with wonderful people and a huge investment opportunity. Godspeed.
David Lesar: Thank you, Tom. As Jason said, you've been a valuable part of our team, and we're grateful for the time you have shared with us. This has been one exciting year for CenterPoint. I could not be more pleased by the momentum we have, what we've accomplished and the bright future that we see for ourselves. We have truly been sweating the details so you don't have to. And I believe our effort is evident in our consistent and more predictable earnings and rate base growth in our world-class operations in growing service territories. I hope you now have the trust that we will continue our commitment to deliver on our promises to you, our investors. I believe the best is yet to come.
Philip Holder: Thank you, Dave. I'd also like to remind everyone to register for our upcoming Analyst Day on September 23 here in Houston. We will now take a few questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: So not trying to front run the upcoming Analyst Day too much, but as David touched on Slide 5, the $500 million of opportunities in Texas. I was just hoping to dig in a little bit more on the timing of these incremental investments, how you're looking at the regulatory treatment? And also where you see the best opportunities across the platforms, whether it be energy storage, generation, transmission? And again, I'll pile on a little bit more, but any additional thoughts on the scope of the growth beyond this initial view and when you'd be in a position to kind of talk a little bit more about this?
David Lesar: Yes. I mean certainly, We're not going to front run our Analyst Day. And we - and for one main reason is we're still trying to assess the - all the details in the bills, when they go effective and what is essentially a practical time when they can come into effect. I think another thing to focus on, a lot of people think that these were tools put in our tool kit basically to face a winter storm. In reality, what they really help us more for is hurricane season. And that's more likely that we'll have a hurricane before we'll have another year in terms of the territories that we serve. So I think it's a good set. As we said in the call, the initial view is at least another $500 million in capital. I'll maybe let Jason give a little color on what those - what - where that $500 may land and sort of what the timing might be.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. I would say we're obviously very appreciative of all the work the legislature went through to give us tools to reduce the risk of a widespread outage. In terms of timing, I would say about half of that $500 million will likely to be deployed over the next, call it, about 2 years with the remainder over the back half of the 5-year plan. We see the tools coming through in sort of a couple of different ways. Our system was designed to shed about 3 gigawatts of load in sort of widespread outage events. This past winter storm, we were asked to reduce about 5 gigawatts of load. And so what we see sort of as an immediate opportunity for us is the opportunity to own emergency generation for outages that are expected to be longer than 8 hours. We will be deploying mobile generation at the substation that within combination with a year-round demand management program will give us the flexibility to shed much more significant load for ERCOT, yet still provide power on a rolling basis for our customers. And that's some of the work that we will pursue aggressively. There were then some additional opportunities related to owning battery storage kind of as a grid level resource as well as a bill that introduced an economic dimension to citing new electric transmission lines. Those tools will help provide congestion relief and ensure even better reliability of our electric grid. But those programs will likely take a couple of years to site and build. And so I would think about half of the $500 million is coming in over the next couple of years with the remainder of the back half of the 5-year plan.
Operator: Your next question is from David Peters with Wolfe Research.
David Peters: So the CapEx plan, you maintained the $16 billion for the 5 years, but clearly, you're pointing to that moving higher. And I think you said there's no equity needed for that $1.5 billion. But could you maybe just talk more about the sources of funding for that? Specifically, I think you kind of talked on the tax efficiencies, but even to the extent that you see kind of more upside above that $1.5 billion, is it still fair that we shouldn't expect any additional equity?
David Lesar: I mean that's a question that's right in Jason's wheelhouse. So I'll let him answer it.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. I think that's a fair assumption. As you pointed out, we outlined back in December a 5-year capital investment plan of $16 billion. At that time, we acknowledged that we held back about $1 billion of what I would consider to be sort of routine capital investment spend. We really wanted to make sure that we could efficiently grow into the increased level of CapEx as well as funded efficiently, and we're gaining that level of confidence. And then as I just mentioned, we just discussed, we see the opportunity for at least $500 million of incremental capital investment related to the recently passed legislation here in Texas. And so the combination of those factors allow us to at least increase our 5-year CapEx plan up to about $17.5 billion. And back to the central part of your question around funding it. We've had a couple of strong tailwinds that give us the ability to fund it without any incremental equity. First, as we announced on the first quarter call, we have about $300 million in incremental proceeds above our original plan from the sale of our gas LDCs. And as we talked about on today's call in our prepared remarks, we're seeing at least $250 million in after-tax cash benefits from the implementation of the tax repairs method change that we will put in place. Think about that as providing $550 million of equity-related financing. And so we can effectively double that with debt that authorized under our regulated capital structure. And so it gives us at least $1.1 billion to fund that capital investment increase. And these figures are all before we take into consideration any of the significant unit appreciation from Energy Transfer. So in short, we have significant capital investment opportunities above that $16 billion plan that we outlined in December. And we have confidence we'll be able to fund that without any incremental equity as we move forward.
David Peters: And then maybe this is something for the Analyst Day, but just the 6% to 8% going forward given - I think you said a lot of this one start contributing until '23. Should we maybe think of it as like a step-up at that point or just a bias towards the top end through '25?
Jason Wells: We're focused on this year on delivering on the high end of the 6% to 8% Utility EPS range that we had outlined. We'll reserve further comments on long-term growth for the Analyst Day later this year. But I think you highlighted an important element. As we spend this incremental capital likely beginning here towards the end of '21 to '22, It really will not drive earnings until 2023. And so think about this as a long-term tailwind for the company, and we look forward to sharing more at our upcoming Analyst Day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shar Purreza with Guggenheim.
Constantine Lednev: It's actually Constantine here for Shar. Congrats on the strong quarter, and congratulations to Tom on a job well done. Just in regard to the CapEx plan, kind of bridging the new disclosures and maybe elaborating on the $1.5 billion of incremental opportunity that you're now presenting. Do you feel that there is more work to be done beyond the current IRP in Indiana? And is that number inclusive at all of any upsides in Minnesota? And kind of do you anticipate that this would be reflected at the Analyst Day?
David Lesar: I'll let Jason handle that. He's on a role handling capital questions today.
Jason Wells: Constantine, can you repeat the question around Minnesota?
Constantine Lednev: Is the $1.5 billion in upside at all inclusive of the new legislation in Minnesota, like the RNG and/or any reliability enhancements?
Jason Wells: Yes. The natural Gas Innovation Act up in Minnesota. So no, the $1.5 billion figure that we've been discussing is prior to any incremental capital related to that new Innovation Gas Act up in Minnesota. I would say the - we do have incremental upside related to Indiana in the coal transition plan as a potential. Right now, we've outlined as part of a $16 billion capital investment plan, the costs associated with the closure and transition of 2 of our 3 coal facilities in Indiana. We will be looking at that third coal facility as part of the upcoming integrated resource plan that we will file in 2022 in Indiana. To the extent that, that filing changes sort of timing around the closure of that third and final plant in - coal plant in Indiana, that potentially could provide a further tailwind to the capital investment opportunity up there. So overall, we still have - as we tried to indicate, I think, additional tailwinds be what could be about a $17.5 billion 5-year capital investment plan. This would come from increased opportunities as we continue to work with stakeholders around the Texas legislation, as we pointed out here, the opportunities around the Natural Gas Innovation Act in Minnesota as well as further work on the coal transition plan.
Constantine Lednev: Sounds great. Momentum is good. Can we shift to O&M and kind of maybe some updated thoughts on cost savings? The targets are staying the same, but are you finding it easier to reach those targets at this point? And what sort of visibility do you have for '22? And just as a quick follow-up to that kind of post Enable sale, what trajectory do you see for the remaining parent costs?
David Lesar: Let me handle sort of the 50,000-foot view of that, and I'll let Jason come in and sort of fill the blanks in. I mean our commitment is to a 1% to 2% reduction every year, and we have every intention of living up to that commitment. I think as we try to provide some color on the call here this morning is we have the luxury - we're running ahead of the 1% to 2% this year. I'm thinking the 1% to 2% is averaging over the 5-year horizon that we're talking about. We're actually ahead of that, which gives us the ability to pull forward '22 into '21. And so we are taking run rate O&M out. And I view it as then just turning around and immediately investing it in sort of opportunities to save in the longer run. So I think we're dead on track on O&M. We've learned a lot from Tom about going from sort of O&M reductions to the thought of continuous improvement, which is just grinding out a more efficient operation quarter after quarter. And clearly, as we start to think about '22, I mean, we're halfway through '21. So we're having a lot of dialogue right now about what '22 looks like, where we're going to spend our money, where we're going to get savings. And clearly, that is in high focus for us right now. I don't know, Jason, do you want to add anything else or I think I've covered it.
Jason Wells: I'll spend a minute on providing a couple of examples that we're really proud about. We've talked about some big opportunities, things like - we're finally integrating the legacy Vectren companies onto our SAP platform. We went live with that integration this summer. And so as we tackle big events like that, that allows us to reduce significant costs. But importantly, what we're seeing is the real beginning of adoption of a continuous improvement mindset. On previous calls, we've highlighted our focus on reducing truck rolls in the field. And we had some success in the second quarter this year in our electric business by bundling some of our major underground work, bundling both the capital and the expense work we executed at the same time. And so we saw not only the benefit of reducing truck rolls, but also reducing a lot of the support cost behind the scenes. And so we are very pleased with the continuous improved at mindset that is building giving us confidence in '22. I know you also asked about sort of post Enable parent. We see some opportunity for parent costs coming down as we use the proceeds from the sale of the - what will be the Energy Transfer units to delever at the parent level as well as the reset of the preferred dividends on our Series A preferred stock in 2023. So we do see an opportunity over the next few years as well to see sort of those parent company costs also come down and help further support an overall reduction in our cost structure.
David Lesar: I think that's the reason that we keep emphasizing that post the sale of the LDCs and post the elimination of the midstream, we are absolutely confident around our 6% to 8% growth. We don't want to leave the impression that losing that earnings stream means that we are going to back off of that 6% to 8% growth.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Kody Clark: It's actually Kody Clark on for Julien. So first, can you give a little bit more color on the gas cost recovery process in Minnesota? I know there was a hearing on the matter yesterday, but just wondering what the latest feedback is from parties and when are you expecting a resolution there?
David Lesar: Jason, you want to take that one?
Jason Wells: Yes, happy to. Let me first start sort of overall with kind of where we expect to be with gas recovery. I think the punchline is, we expect to recover about 80% of those incremental gas costs by the 1-year anniversary of the store. That's really going to be largely driven by the issuance of the securitization here in Texas, the reimbursement for the incremental gas costs in Arkansas and Oklahoma as part of the sale of Summit as well as the recovery that has begun or will be beginning here shortly in the remaining states. Back to Minnesota. Later today, the commission there, will likely vote on a proposal to begin recovering costs over 27 months. We've been working with stakeholders there. We understand that it is a significant amount of money for our customers, and we appreciate the commission and others work to try to find a balance between timely recovery of those costs as well as helping mitigate the bill impact for our customers up there. And I think the proposal that will be heard strives to strike that appropriate balance, and we're obviously very appreciative of the work. We are also looking forward to working with regulators in each of our states going forward to see what tools we should put in place to help mitigate this risk going forward. But a lot of work has been done, and we expect to hear more later today as the - in Minnesota as the commission considers our proposal for cost recovery.
Kody Clark: Got it. Okay. And then utility results have been strong year-to-date. So I'm kind of wondering how you're thinking about the drivers in the balance of the year. What are the factors that would put you towards the top or the bottom end of the range? And you talked about them a little bit already, but if you could just give a little bit more detail, that would be helpful.
Jason Wells: Certainly, very strong results driven by a few things. Obviously, the continued growth that we see in our business, the rebound in the economy sort of post COVID and some onetime tax changes that we've highlighted on today's call. What I would say, though, is some of those onetime events will enable us to fully accommodate the cost of the recent governance changes that we announced for the Board here at CenterPoint, which will likely mostly be incurred during the third quarter this year. And so as we look at sort of the balance of the year, I think there are a couple of things that would drive us or continue to improve our profile and that's really continued growth in the markets we serve as well as continued O&M discipline. As we've tried to highlight here and we've tried to highlight on previous calls, our focus is on consistently growing our utility earnings at the top of the peer group. And when we have the ability to pull forward incremental work for the benefit of our customers, we'll do so. And we highlighted today that we've already made decisions to pull forward about $20 million of spend from '22. That's allowing our electric business in part to execute more vegetation management work, which helps with the reliability and for the benefit of our customers. And so as we see incremental progress, we will evaluate whether or not to continue to pull forward work and put us even in a stronger profile to year after year earn what we believe is EPS growth rate at the top of the industry.
Kody Clark: Okay. That's helpful. And then lastly, just one clarifying question if I can sneak it in. Is the $1 billion in tax optimization that you mentioned just for Energy Transfer units? Or does that include some optimization for the LDC sales?
Jason Wells: What I would consider it as more optimization of our tax position for our ongoing utility operations. It's largely driven by the adoption of method change for how we account for repairs expense for tax purposes. It's a pretty standard deduction in the industry. It's a temporary deduction. It effectively allows us to expense upfront, what otherwise, would be a capital addition on our system. We will claim that method change essentially starting back after bonus depreciation was phased out. So back to about 2018. And the real benefit here is obviously, it gives us this onetime cash tax benefit. But going forward, it's really a very efficient way for us to fund the incremental capital investment for the benefit of our customers. Because it is a temporary difference, it will reduce rate base modestly in the form of increased deferred tax liability. And so it gives us what I consider to be cash to address sort of on a onetime basis some of the tax gains that you pointed out, gas LDC sales as well as the sale of Energy Transfer units. But more importantly, it gives us a really efficient way to fund incremental capital investment for our customers going forward.
Operator: Our last question will come from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: My first question is on that additional CapEx that you're talking about, the $1.5 billion, definitely pretty impressive. And whenever we talk about the upside to CapEx, one of the questions that come up is customer bill impact. And I think definitely through this 1% to 2% O&M and decreased plan that you've laid out, it definitely helps with that somewhat, as it moderates the balance of the customer bill impact. How does this incremental CapEx, how do you plan to deal with the potential increases in bill and are there some other moving parts of the sites, just cost management efforts that could help on that effort?
David Lesar: I think it's a good question, and it's something that we debate internally all the time because at the end of the day, we exist to serve our customers at a good rate. But I think you put your finger on one of them, the continuous improvement program and focus there, passing some of that along to our customers. But I think the thing that we have that most other utilities don't that people forget in the equation is our organic growth. So by continuing to grow, for instance, our Houston Electric business 2% sort of quarter-over-quarter, year after year, you're spreading essentially that fixed cost across a wider base, which also helps in terms of the impact on customer billing. So we're cognizant of the sort of responsibility we have. And I think the combination of continuous improvement, organic growth, and just bringing new technology and more resiliency and hardening of the grid, which sort of pace benefits over time is the key to doing that. But we're confident that we can pass muster with the PUC here in Texas and our other jurisdictions with respect to the CapEx that we're going to spend.
Insoo Kim: Got it. That makes sense. My last question is on that natural gas inhibition in Minnesota, just for my purposes, to clarify, is that basically allowing these investments full rate base treatment in that utility? I know I think currently, there's like a feed-in tariff type of system in place. So I just wanted to clarify there. And picking backing off of that, are there any similar proposals or initiatives at some of your other jurisdictions that would also allow for a certain rate base treatment of RNG type of investments?
Jason Wells: Yes. We'll work with the Minnesota Commission, obviously, on the implementation of the Innovation Act. But the way that we read it is it would provide incremental rate base opportunity for our utility there to help invest in the decarbonization of the gas that we provide our customers up there. And so we do see this as a potential additional driver of incremental CapEx in the future. And sort of more broadly, yes, we are working with our other jurisdictions in a focused effort to help reduce the carbon intensity of the gas we supply to our customers across our footprint. And obviously, that we've got a green hydrogen pilot that will come online here in Minnesota at the end of the year. It gives us a great opportunity to begin to kind of understand that technology, how our system responds to green hydrogen, and we're looking to take those learnings and see if we can expand it across the broader part of our gas system as well as working on renewable gas - renewable natural gas opportunities. And so I think Minnesota is taking a leadership position with respect to helping reduce carbon intensity of the gas we provide our customers, and we're looking to take that beyond the work we're doing there.
Philip Holder: Again, thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in CenterPoint.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energys First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Phil Holder, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations. Mr. Holder?
Phil Holder: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoints earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; Jason Wells, our CFO; and Tom Webb, our Senior Adviser will discuss the companys first quarter 2021 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, as noted in our Form 10-Q, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will also discuss earnings guidance and our utility earnings growth target. In providing this guidance, we use a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. We previously referred to our earnings guidance as guidance basis, EPS, and will now refer to it as non-GAAP EPS or utility EPS. Similarly, we will refer to our 6% to 8% non-GAAP utility EPS target growth rate as utility EPS growth rate. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, Id like to turn the discussion over to Dave?
Dave Lesar: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our earnings call. We are observing a sense of normalcy starting to return here in Texas and in many of our other jurisdictions. Just as important to me, is that I look forward to an opportunity to meet you in person and tell you about the amazing things we have accomplished in less than a year in what our strategy entails moving forward. I want to share with everyone, our excitement about the progress CenterPoint is making and our continued belief in the utility assets that we operate. We believe they are premium assets and want you to believe that too. Today, we will provide an update on the continued disciplined execution of our strategy that we outlined during our Investor Day, just five short months ago. I hope you see that we are developing a track record of being consistent and accountable against the goals that we set. As you know, Id like to lead with headlines and we have some worthy ones to cover this quarter. First, we delivered very strong results for the first quarter of 2021, including $0.47 utility EPS. Because of the higher natural gas prices are pass-through costs for our business, they did not impact this quarters utility results. In addition, our first quarter results are in line with recent historical trends in which the first quarter contributed close to 40% of the full year utility EPS. We are, of course, reaffirming our full year utility EPS range for 2021 of $1.24 to $1.26, and our long-term 6% to 8% utility EPS annual growth target. We are off to a great start for the year. So lets check the utility earnings box as being on track. The second big headline is, of course, the announced agreement to sell our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs, which is anticipated to close by the end of the year, subject to regulatory approvals. These are premium assets. And this was demonstrated by the level of interest we saw and of course in the price we got for them. The landmark valuation was 2.5 times 2020 rate base. This outcome was well beyond what even the most optimistic observers thought we would achieve. We saw extraordinary interest from over 40 parties, 17 of which made bids, including strategics, infrastructure funds and PE firms. There are a number of key takeaways from this great outcome. First, it validates our strong and stated belief that our remaining gas LDCs are significantly undervalued and investors should rethink their position as to the value of remaining gas LDCs in our share price. This also illustrates the strength, viability and value of the broader gas LDC industry. The premium multiple, these assets garnered in the marketplace shows that investors continue to see natural gas as an essential fuel that is efficient, valuable and affordable energy source. This transaction demonstrates how we can efficiently finance our industry leading rate base growth. This is a perfect example of the efficient capital recycling strategy, we committed to you on our Investor Day. Its a simple model. You sell it 2.5 times rate base and invest at 1 times rate base. Naturally, this begs the question, if we would consider more LDC sales in the future. Currently, working cap with our utility portfolio mix. But that being said, if we see another opportunity to recycle capital in a similarly attractive way, we would explore it as part of our broader strategy. Our Investor Day plan highlighted that we have the opportunity to spend an additional $1 billion over our current $16 billion five-year capital plan. At this price, the LDC transaction will provide us with $300 million of incremental proceeds on an after-tax basis compared to the five-year plan we showed you on our Analyst Day. We will first look to deploy this $300 million in incremental proceeds into high value utility capital spend opportunities that are part of those additional $1 billion in capital opportunities. This incremental capital spending is likely to be spend in 2022 and begin to flow into earnings in 2023 and allow us to continue to provide a  essential services to our customers. Therefore, this transaction will not impact our long-term growth plans or earnings trajectory. On the contrary, we believe this will even more strongly support consistent 6% to 8% utility earnings annual growth rate in our industry leading 10% rate-based CAGR targets. We previously committed to you a 2Q sales announcement and we delivered on that. So lets also check that box as being done. Turning now to the enable transaction. We anticipate the transaction between enable and energy transfer to close in the second half of the year. We remain absolutely focused on reducing and eliminating our midstream exposure to a disciplined approach. And to reiterate what we said when we announced the news of a transaction back in February, completing this transaction also will not change our 6% to 8% utility EPS annual growth target or our 10% rate-based CAGR. So that box stays checked as we remain on track to reduce midstream exposure. Turning to the impacts from the winter storm Uri. Last quarter, many of you questioned the incremental gas costs and the likelihood and timing of recovery. We said that the storms impacts wont change the utility EPS target range and they will not. We also said, we believe, we had a handle on the issue, but needed some time to work through it with our regulators. Let me give you an update on what progress weve made on that front. First, in part by actively engaging, auditing and challenging our gas suppliers, we have reduced our incremental gas costs by over $300 million since our initial estimates, resulting in reduced customer incremental gas cost exposure of $2.2 billion. We wont stop pursuing these actions, because we believe this is the right thing to do for our customers. We are also beginning to seek the timely recover of these costs through early adjustments to our normal cost recovery mechanisms. We have started recovery in Arkansas and Louisiana, including some carrying costs. Both Arkansas and Oklahoma have also passed legislation for securitization. In Minnesota, we are pursuing recovery of storm related costs, including some carrying costs, due the existing gas cost recovery mechanism over a two-year period. And in Texas, a state sponsored securitization bill on incremental gas costs has already pass through the house is being considered by the Senate. We believe there is good momentum behind this bill. The gas price recovery process has been well supported politically in each of these jurisdictions. Thanks to the constructive nature of our jurisdictions and our legislatures. So while not completely behind us, we are getting closer to checking the incremental gas costs box. We have set all along that we have strong regulatory relationships and that belief is supported by our progress in working through this event. On the electric side, the Texas PUC is undergoing a complete turnover and we look forward to building our relationships with the new team. Theres also been some legislative progress around the proposal to increase grid resiliency in Texas. In Texas, several proposed bills have been moving that are intended to protect systems and customers from a repeat of the electric disruption we saw in February. We are very encouraged by the progress and we see this is an opportunity for the system as a whole to find better ways to serve our community. Weve remain on course for our $16 billion plus capital spending program and industry leading 10% compounded annual rate-based growth target over the next five years. For 2021, we are on track to spend the full $3.4 billion outlined on our Investor Day. Similar to our earnings, there is a seasonality to our capital spend, where we typically ramp up spending as the year progresses. As stated previously, we have opportunities above our current $16 billion five-year plan and the $300 million in incremental proceeds from the ultimate sale of our Arkansas and Oklahoma LDC assets transaction will provide additional capacity for us to pursue some of these, if we so choose. So lets check the capital spending box as being on track. We have talked about our industry leading organic customer growth rates. Despite the impact of COVID, we again saw about 2% growth rates quarter-over-quarter, reinforcing the value of the fast growing markets that we serve. That organic growth plays a part in keeping our service costs reasonable for our customers. In addition, we take a disciplined approach to reducing our O&M expenses to benefit our customers. We are on track to reduce O&M by 2% to 3% in 2021. However, giving the incremental opportunity set, we see to reinvest in our business. We may take the decision to reinvest some O&M savings back into our utility assets this year. This is a great luxury to have. So for 2021 on O&M, lets check that box as being on track. Next up is our commitment to environmental stewardship. We are well underway in developing and then announcing what we believe will be an industry leading carbon strategy. On that front, a critical constructive piece of news was recently received in Indiana, where we received a very positive Indiana Directors report for our IRP. Though, our Indiana IRP does not require approval, the Directors report has provided us with a confidence that we are headed down the right renewable path with both regulators and our communities. Since our last earnings call, we have reviewed our updated ESG plans with our board and are preparing to rollout of our transition to net zero. We should be in a place to disclose these exciting plans in the third quarter. Since this is still a work in progress, we cannot check the box here, but Im very happy with the progress that we are making. So thank you all for spending your time with CenterPoint this morning. Ive been looking forward to these calls every quarter, because we have so many exciting things to share with you as we execute our long-term strategy that we outlined on Investor Day. I strongly believe that the strategy we laid out and the progress we have made so far more than demonstrates what a unique value proposition CenterPoint offers. With that, let me turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Just to echo Daves sentiment, were looking forward to seeing more of you in person in 2021. To continue the theme of execution and delivery, I want to start by reviewing our quarterly results with you, as well as provide some incremental details on a few events Dave highlighted. Let me get started with our first quarter earnings. On a GAAP basis, we reported $0.56 for the first quarter of 2021 compared to a loss of $2.44 for the first quarter of 2020. Looking at Slide 4, we reported $0.59 of non-GAAP EPS for the first quarter of 2021 compared to $0.60 for the first quarter 2020. Our utility EPS was $0.47 for the first quarter of 2021, while midstream investments contributed to another $0.12 of EPS. The notable drivers when comparing the quarters are strong customer growth across all of our jurisdictions and rate recovery, which makes up $0.05 of the favorable impact. Our disciplined O&M management contributed another $0.03 of positive variance for the quarter. The growth drivers were partially offset by the $0.09 from share dilution due to the large equity issuance back in May 2020 and $0.03 due to the non-recurring CARES Act benefit we received last year. Turning to Slide 5, we are very pleased with a high level of interest we received for our Arkansas and Oklahoma gas LDCs, as weve conveyed through the entire process. As Dave said, there were interested parties across the spectrum, which are the highly competitive auction process. The successful outcome emphasizes the high quality nature and supportive regulatory frameworks that are present in all of our businesses. Were preparing to commence the regulatory approval process and anticipated close by the end of the year. The integrated nature of the operations between these two jurisdictions will also accelerate the carve out integration process with the new owners, as we work towards closing. And well facilitate delivering on our commitment of reducing any remaining allocated O&M. As shown on the slide, this transaction priced at $2.15 billion inclusive of $425 million of incremental gas cost recovery. The $1.725 billion in proceeds after the natural gas cost recovery represents a multiple of 2.5 times 2020 rate base and a multiple 38 times 2020 earnings for those businesses. This earnings multiple is based on the purchase price of $1.725 billion reduced by approximately $340 million of implied regulatory debt compared to $36 million of 2020 full year earnings. This transaction multiple consistent with some of the highest multiples paid for gas LDCs, demonstrates that the market continues to see gas LDCs playing a pivotal role in our countrys energy supply by providing affordable, efficient and lower carbon energy sources for our customers. The net proceeds from this sale are estimated to be $1.3 billion after tax and closing costs. As our Arkansas and Oklahoma assets have a relatively low tax basis of approximately $300 million. While theres been a lot of focus on tax leakage, we were clear at our Investor Day that our five-year plan assumed full tax on the gain on sale for these assets given the low tax basis. Therefore, the headline is the competitive auction process will at close result in generating an additional $300 million in after tax proceeds than what was assumed in the original five-year plan. To zero in on the use of the incremental $300 million of proceeds, we will prioritize funding and increase in our capital investment plan. It is important to note, this incremental capital will be deployed in 2022 and as a result will likely impact 2023 earnings and beyond once the capital has been approved in rate base. We will also evaluate using some of the excess proceeds to delay the start of our at-the-market equity program that was originally slated for 2022. Were grateful to have these options. Id also like to reiterate that this disposition will not change our 2021 utility earnings guidance range. It is also important to reiterate Daves point that the premium multiple achieved through this transaction, as well as the performance of the systems through the recent winter storms reinforces that there are many states that see natural gas is a viable low carbon fuel source and the market has been undervaluing these assets. And as renewable fuels continue to advance our systems will have the proven capabilities to adapt and evolve along with them. Turning to Slide 6, Dave discussed that were still on pace to close the enable and energy transfer merger in the second half of this year. And then well look to liquidate our midstream position in a disciplined but efficient manner. As a reminder, we will have $385 million of energy transfer preferred units that we can liquidate at any time after the merger closes. The $200 million of energy transfer common units we will receive in the merger will be registered through a process that will likely take two to three months after close. We will have the flexibility to either dribble those units into the marketplace or sell through up to five block offerings. As weve noted in the past, our negative tax basis that enable will carry over to energy transfer units and will result in an effective 50% tax on the sale. As previously discussed, we continue to explore tax litigation strategies across the company to offset the burden that may come with a common unit sales and continue to have confidence we can reduce the tax leakage. As a result, Id like to reaffirm that the sale of the energy transfer units will not change our utility EPS growth target of 6% to 8% annually. As Dave mentioned, we have actively worked with suppliers, which has in part helped to reduce the overall incremental gas costs from the winter storm to $2.2 billion down from $2.5 billion we signaled last quarter. In addition, CenterPoint regulators and legislators have all been working over the past few months to align on cost recovery methods that suit the needs of all of our stakeholders. As laid out in Slide 7, we have multiple mechanisms available to us for cost recovery. Two states have already initiated interim recovery, another two states have enacted a legislation enabling securitization and Texas has a securitization bill pending. Between the securitization, the sale of the gas LDCs and the interim rate recovery, we now expect between $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion of the total incremental gas costs to be recovered before the one-year anniversary of the storm, assuming the Texas securitization bill is signed into law. We are grateful for the diligence of our regulatory team and the constructive support of our commissions across our jurisdictions for getting us to this point. Turning to our financing updates. We closed our $1.7 billion CERC senior notes offering on March 2, which included $1 billion of floating rate notes and $700 million of fixed rate notes, both due in 2023. The proceeds were in the $1.7 billion issuance, were used to pay for the incremental gas costs for the winter storm. And the notes have an optional redemption date at any time on or after September 2 of this year, giving us full flexibility to pay down this debt consistent with our regulatory recoveries. Recovery of the carrying costs and a majority of the impacted states such as Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma will help offset the incremental interest costs from this debt issuance. Our current liquidity remains strong at approximately $2.1 billion after the issuance of the senior notes proceeds and the payments made for the incremental gas costs. Our long-term FFO to debt objective is between 14% and 14.5% and is consistent with the expectations of the rating agencies. We continue to actively engage with them and they are comfortable with the outlook and thresholds weve indicated. Id like to reiterate, we have no large equity issuance needs over our current planning horizon and can now reevaluate the need for our ATM program in 2022, depending on how we utilize the expected proceeds from our LDC asset sale. I hope its becoming clear that our story is streamlining nicely as we prove to you, our investors that were delivering our plan as outlined. We are reducing our exposure to non-utility businesses, realigning our balance sheet to reduce our reliance between intercompany borrowings and parent debt and committing to efficiently fund our industry leading rate-based growth. These are the updates for the quarter. Both Dave and I are excited about the direction CenterPoint is taking and we cannot wait to share more good news with you as we continue to execute on our plan throughout 2021 and beyond. Id like to now turn the call over to Tom Webb, our Senior Adviser to discuss one of the important pieces of our plan through which he has been closely advising us. The O&M cost savings and continuous improvement deliverables here at CenterPoint. Over to you, Tom.
Tom Webb: Thanks, Jason. Five months after our strategy revealing Investor Day CenterPoint, as you just heard is well underway executing its strategy. Its dispensing with volatile non-core non-utility businesses think enable, implementing efficient financing, think gas LDC sales, introducing clean energy, think coal closures, renewable additions, and much more and improving performance, think continuous improvement, a whole new culture. Dave and Jason already have highlighted details about each of these as strategic changes are nearing completion, our premium utility operation is humming. I hope to see it. I hope you feel it. We really sweat the details, so you dont have to. We have superior rate base growth delivering needed capital investment. Our growth rate target of 10% outstrips the peer average of about 7%. Our resulting utility EPS growth target at 6% to 8% every year is well above the peer average of 5%. And our customer growth at 2% is something we would celebrate at my old company with top quartile customer satisfaction. We still seek to hold down customer price increases, reducing our O&M costs by 1% to 2% every year. Coupled with customer growth, this creates a lot of headroom for the needed capital investment. On Slide 8, please look at the box on the left. Five months ago, we showed you our five-year plan to reduce costs 1% to 2% each year. We added the detail for 2021 during our last call. And here, you can see our progress in the first quarter. We plan for a fast start with 2021 down 2% to 3% with results in the first quarter faster yet. Please keep in mind, some of this is timing. We still expect to reduce costs by about 2% to 3% for the year. As you know, one of our tools is our continuous improvement initiative, we improve our processes from the ground up to enhance safety every day; quality, doing things right the first time; delivery, doing things on time; cost, we see an eliminate waste; and morale, higher and higher every day, yes, morale each day, I observed more who are proud to wear the colors. Continuous improvement takes time to ramp up, its a powerful process. It shifts dependence from heroic individual work to better processes that can be repeated. As we succeed at eliminating human struggle, the cost will fall out. My favorite chart is on the right. We take on the headwinds. We take advantage of the tailwinds. We deliver our EPS commitment consistently every year. We really do sweat the details, so you dont have to. As Ive experienced elsewhere, this management team may do so well on cost reductions that it can pull ahead work from next year, reinvesting savings to benefit our customers sooner. We did this last year. We maximize resources for customers and deliver our commitment to you our investors, no more, no less, a win-win. Dave, Jason, and this superb leadership team know the secret sauce they are working for both our customers and our investors, no oars here. Thank you for letting me play a small role on the team. Back to you, Dave.
Dave Lesar: I want to reemphasize what we consider critical elements as we transform CenterPoint into a premium utility, we believe it can be. We will continue to deliver a sustainable, predictable and consistent 6% to 8% earnings growth year after year. With our industry leading organic customer growth and our disciplined O&M management, we believe we can generate robust CapEx and 10% rate-based growth, while continuing our focus on safety. We also look forward to unveiling our enhanced ESG strategy that will put us as an industry leader for a net zero economy. We will continue to keep our eyes on maintaining and enhancing our balance sheet and credit profile. We have executed on our capital recycling strategy through our announced gas LDC sale at 2.5 times rate base and investing at 1 times rate base. And we will continue to explore opportunities to do more of this. We remain absolutely committed to delivering an economically viable path to minimize the impact of our midstream exposure and eventually eliminate it. And finally, as we work to move towards a fully regulated business model, we continue to stay focused on our utility operations and improving the experience for our customers. I hope you will join us on this path of transitioning CenterPoint into a premium utility. While myself, our team and our employees are only 10 months into this new journey, I could not be more pleased by the momentum we have, what weve accomplished in the bright future we see for CenterPoint. What you see is the new CenterPoint, where you can expect consistent and predictable earnings and rate-based growth, world-class operations and growing service territories, and a commitment to delivering on our promises to you, our investors. We sweat the details so you dont have to.
Phil Holder: Thank you, Dave. We will now take questions until 9:00 AM Eastern. If you would, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up and reenter the queue if you have further follow-ups to allow all callers and opportunities to ask their questions. Operator?
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Insoo, your line is open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. My first question is in Texas and the pending legislation for securitization there. Thanks for the color there. But could you give a little bit more detail based on your efforts on the ground, what do you think the chances are that getting passed in this session that is coming to a close within the next few weeks? And if it doesnt pass the session, what are the different pathways from here for the regulatory process?
Dave Lesar: Yes. Id say, its a question obviously that we expected, number one. Number two, Im going to let Jason handle it, because he is working hand in hand with Jason Ryan, who is our Regulatory Affairs leader, who is essentially in Austin now every single day. And as I said, theyre working hand in hand on this. Jason, why dont you answer the question?
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. And good morning, Insoo. I would say, the  obviously, the legislature here in Texas has a number of priorities in front of it right now. But we continue to remain optimistic that the securitization bill for gas cost recovery will be signed into law. At the end of the day, its probably the most constructive outcome for all stakeholders, minimizes or reduces the bill impact for customers by spreading the recovery out over a much longer period of time. And it helps keep the debt off the balance sheet of the gas LDCs. And I think the constructive nature of this tool is sort of well understood by all. And while weve remain optimistic that it will be signed into law to your point, it is important to note that the Texas railroad commission has been very constructive signaling that the gas LDCs will be eligible to recovery  sorry, will be eligible to recover carrying costs. As we look to probably recover these costs over about a three-year period of time again in the event that the securitization bill is not signed into law, but we remain optimistic as I mentioned. As an aside, Dave and I will be joining Jason Ryan and our team there in Austin and a little over a week to meet with the new PUC commissioners, the railroad commission and other legislatures to continue to make sure that CenterPoint is supporting the states objectives. And as I said, I think we remain optimistic that this bill will be signed into law here at this legislative session.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thats a good color. My second question is, perhaps for Dave on the gas utility sale given the color you gave on the number of bidders, the amount of interest and ultimately, the multiple that is generated, just from your standpoint, how do you balance that enthusiasm and what that implied for the potential growth opportunity for gas utilities and the investments there? Looking at your other jurisdictions potential for not just pipe modernization, but perhaps items like RNG or hydrogen, how do you balance the multiple that youve seen recently versus potentially, those organic opportunities that you could take advantage of in your other systems longer-term.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Its obviously a great set of options to have, because I think one of the things that sale demonstrated is that clearly the value of our gas LDCs that remained behind are worth more than our share price and I think is reflected today. As I said in my comments, I think we do have an obligation to set a look at that price we got and then look at the overall options we have as an organization. But I think as we said, in our Analyst Day, we have significant capital spend opportunities in our remaining gas LDCs. We like those LDCs. We liked the markets that were in. But if we find an opportunity to look at monetizing them, as I indicated, we have an obligation to do so, but we would certainly not do that unless we saw an opportunity to reinvest it back in our business, in our regulated business, something that would have to be accretive to our current 6% to 8% growth rate and really have an impact on the balance sheet. So were still sort of digesting the level of interest that was there, the price we got. But I can tell you, it is a great place to be right now.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Shar, your line is open.
Dave Lesar: Hey, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just David started to hand on this, but let me just follow-up on the prior question that was asked. And maybe a little bit more theoretical. Assuming you do look for further asset optimizations on the LDC side to maybe capitalize on these multiples. Do you believe you can efficiently redeploy that capital quick enough where potential larger transaction could still be earnings accretive? I mean you seem to point out that you clearly have incremental spending opportunities, not really capital constrained, especially as you bring to light further decarbonization plan. So maybe a little bit of more of a theoretical question but just thoughts there as you drill down.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean its a  it is a theoretical question. And I think the way to answer it is, first of all, were not going to do anything crazy here. Weve got a great business. The gas LDCs are wonderful businesses to own right now. And I think that we would take a very rational, and I think systematic approach to looking at doing something different. I mean, we clearly, as weve signaled, have $1 billion of capital spend on top of the $16 billion we discussed at our Analyst Day. But I always sort of fall back to what is your base strategy. And I said it when I answered the last question, were not going to do anything that is not accretive to our 6% to 8% growth rate. So I think that sort of signals the timing that we would want to do. Were not going to do anything that impacts the fixing up of our balance sheet and getting to the credit metrics that we want. That would signal, I think, the timing. And it has to be consistent with our strategy of becoming more and more regulated. So I think there is a way to thread that needle. But as I said earlier, were still digesting the opportunity that has been put in front of us with the price that we got for these LDCs. So give us a chance to digest it, and then well see what  how to take advantage of this great opportunity. Its either got to show up in the share price or well look at other options.
Shar Pourreza: Fair enough. Fair enough. And then just lastly for me, shifting to the cost cuts and reinvestment, which is near and dear to Mr. Webbs heart. It looks like you guys  youre on plan with the 1% to 2% O&M reduction target, and you showed some modest reinvestment from the tail end of 2020. Just looking at that $44 million in cost cuts over the near-term, can you just, Dave, elaborate on your comments you may convert some of that savings into capital? And then theoretically, you could unlock over $700 million or more of capital with your longer-term savings target as a bookend without impacting customer rates. So maybe just some thoughts on O&M versus CapEx ratio.
Dave Lesar: Sure. Now let me just give a bit of an editorial comment. Theyre near and dear to my heart and Jasons heart and everyone elses heart, in addition to Tom. But Ill let Jason answer the specific question.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Shar, and good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning.
Jason Wells: Obviously, were incredibly pleased with the continued performance of the O&M discipline here. The team has really embraced continuous improvement delivered well last year, and thats carrying through our first quarter results. In terms of the enhanced capitalization thats referenced on the slide, I think thats sort of a natural byproduct of the increase in our capital investment plan that we announced as part of the Analyst Day presentation where we signaled $3 billion of incremental capital over the five-year plan. Effectively, that gives us the opportunity to allocate more overhead to capital than expense just given sort of the ratio of capital to O&M. And so I wouldnt fundamentally see that category significantly changing. It might modestly change as we fold some of the capital investment opportunities that Dave has been alluding to in. But where our focus really is beginning to look at the execution of our core work really driving first-time quality. And I think thats where well see beginning of the material opportunities in front of us from a continuous improvement standpoint.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thank you, guys. Congrats on the execution.
Dave Lesar: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Steve, your line is open.
Steve Fleishman: Yes, thanks. Good morning. So just on the gas LDC sales, Im not sure you can give this color, but just would you say that there was a lot of bidders that were kind of close to the range of the outcome such that this is not kind of like a fluke price, so to speak? That there were several other bidders above the range that you had been targeting?
Dave Lesar: Yes. Ill answer it. Ill let Jason throw anything on. There were a number of bidders that were right on top of each other. And it was a difficult decision for us. But in the end, we thought Summit was the right answer because of price and certainty of close and all the other things you typically would look at in a transaction, but this was clearly not an outlier.
Steve Fleishman: Thats very helpful. Thank you. And then on the  just in thinking of your talk of a future sale, obviously being tied to having something to redeploy the money in, is there  are there some other rate base opportunities beyond that $1 billion kind of increment that are starting to come into any view? Or it would have to be an acquisition or some other  just more maybe extending the plan in the future that would drive that?
Dave Lesar: No, I dont ever want to rely on having to do M&A to drive your business and grow your business. It is a way to grow a business in my view because of the premium you typically have to pay. Its an inefficient way. And I think that we see sufficient capital spend opportunities out there. While you were asking the question, Jason was smiling and nodding his head, so I will let him answer it from here.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Obviously, were pleased with the organic growth opportunities that are present here. Weve talked a lot about this $1 billion of incremental capital that we have, but there are, to your point, Steve, other opportunities that may materialize, and as I think the state of Texas here looks at different ways to minimize the risk of a future winter storm. Theres been a lot of focus on grid resiliency, things like introducing economic criteria for building incremental electric transmission lines, things like making sure that theres greater levels of grid control in the event that there are outages and helping minimize the impact of extended outages to communities. I think to the extent that those bills are passed by the state legislature and signed into law, I think that, that could create incremental capital opportunity for us to redeploy in. And then we continue to look at the coal transition in Indiana as a possibility for owning incremental amounts of renewables as opposed to securing that transition through a power purchase agreement. So I think on top of the $1 billion that weve been discussing, we do have the potential for increased capital deployment opportunities.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just one more tied to the last comment in Indiana. That directors letter that you got, could you just give a little more color on that and the better visibility you have into doing the renewables program there?
Jason Wells: Yes. We were pleased with that recent letter by the director there, the Indiana Commission. The  effectively, we had received some feedback on our original integrated resource plan that had asked us to consider sort of more diversity of fuel sources, sort of more clarity on anticipated electric demand, proposing a smaller percentage of natural gas-fired facilities. And we incorporated that feedback earlier this year, as we mentioned, filed it into the directors report that youre alluding to, I think, acknowledged the clear progress that we have made and being responsive both to the commission feedback as well as the broader community and customer feedback in Indiana. And so I think its reflective of the fact that we feel that there is strong support for the coal transition plan that we have outlined previously.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Durgesh, your line is open.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey thanks. Good morning, team. Thank you for taking my questions.
Dave Lesar: Hi.
Durgesh Chopra: Dave, I was just kind of curious your comments around some sort of  youre able to reduce the storm costs. I think you said $300 million by audits and some sort of  looking at your records on the gas side of things. Could you just elaborate on that? Im just wondering if thats an opportunity for some of your peers to do that as well.
Dave Lesar: Well, I dont know what the contracts that our peers have looked like. What were doing is were focusing on the excess gas cost that we incurred because as I said earlier, theyre past due cost for us, and we have an obligation to our customers to make sure that were paying for  per the contract, were trying to negotiate. Were trying to do everything audit, all the things that we listed. But were doing them really to make sure that we are getting the best outcome for the customers because, as I said, theyre pass-through costs. Jason, I dont want to  you can add anything into that, but it probably covers it.
Jason Wells: I think its definitely contract specific. And as you can imagine, many of the suppliers allege throughout the event force majeure clauses. We challenged some of those. I think also some of the gas suppliers recognize the impact that this storm has had on sort of the broader communities we have the impact to serve. And so I think it was a collective effort of  as weve talked about, sort of challenging some of maybe the contractual provisions, how that  how the contract was interpreted as well as sort of working to find a constructive solution, again, for all stakeholders. And I think that were happy with the progress weve made, and well continue to advocate on behalf of our customers.
Durgesh Chopra: Thats great, guys. Excellent. Thank you for the color. Maybe just really quickly to the extent that you can on Enable sort of exit here? Is it sort of a five-year plan or a 10-year plan? Just any color you can share there? Thank you.
Dave Lesar: I can guarantee you its not a five or 10-year plan. Its much more aggressive than that. But Ill  Jason is going to execute it for us. Ill let him answer it specifically. But do not even for a second have in your head, its five or 10 years.
Jason Wells: Our strategy is to eliminate our exposure to midstream once the Energy Transfer, Enable merger closes. And were still not providing a direct time line. We want to be disciplined and efficient  maximize the proceeds from the disposition. But we will aggressively eliminate our exposure to midstream once the deal closes.
Durgesh Chopra: All right, guys. Thank you. Appreciate youre taking my questions. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Julien, your line is open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Actually, if I can stick with the last conversation to brief. Can you elaborate what other elements you could pursue here? I mean weve seen some of your peers valuing litigation, et cetera. Whats your sense of confidence to materially bring up that $300 million in reduced costs and bring down that $2.2 billion as you see it? Have you largely exhausted this? Or is there still a good chunk to go here?
Dave Lesar: I think weve seen probably the largest movement to date. We are continuing to work with a handful of suppliers on what I would consider to be a much more narrow opportunity set. So I wouldnt look to see probably as significant in a reduction as we reported today, but were also at the same time not done with those conversations. As I said, well continue to advocate on behalf of our customers. But I wouldnt expect it to materially change.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then a little bit more of a detail here. You talked about reinvestment of O&M back in the utility assets. You talked about having a little bit more capital on hand. Can you elaborate a little bit more what we should be seeing here in terms of both the financial impact on 2021 and 2022 on a net EPS basis? But more importantly, just timing on when you come back, just given that youre talking about something thats just so imminent here?
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think  let me again start by answering and throw it to Jason. I think its  you got to think of sort of excess capital in two buckets here. One is the $300 million plus that we will get from the gas LDC sales. Since we dont expect that transaction to close until about the end of the year or thereabouts, thats really capital we can spend in 2022, which will go into rate base and start impacting earnings in 2023. We, of course, have a lot more optionality around the reinvestment of the O&M savings. And Ill let Jason give a little color on how were thinking about that, where we might spend it, how we might spend it.
Jason Wells: Yes. I think its important to maybe take a quick step back to O&M. I mean, I think we feel like theres a privilege  we have a privilege to serve some of the most premium jurisdictions here in the U.S. And we have the privilege to have industry-leading rate base growth, top of the industry earnings growth. That said, as we think about a premium valuation for the company, we think that really materializes with consistent delivery on our earnings. And so in years where we maybe accelerate some of the continuous improvement opportunities or we had better-than-expected weather. We will look to reinvest some of that savings back into the business for the benefit of our customers. We think long-term that creates the best possible service for our customers and the path to a premium utility valuation. And so as we make progress on O&M and if we are doing better than expected, we will likely, as I said, reinvest that back in the business. As Dave mentioned, the capital investment opportunities, I really think about that as sort of more of a 2023 earnings impact, just given the time period between executing that capital and then putting it into rates for recovery. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of sense of how were thinking about the O&M and capital opportunity progress.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome indeed. All right. Well, best of luck. Congrats on all the process thus far.
Jason Wells: Thanks.
Dave Lesar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Michael, your line is open.
Michael Weinstein: Hey, good morning, guys.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Hey just to continue the conversation on capital opportunities. As you  especially as youre trying to go to net carbon zero, maybe you could talk a little bit about opportunities for  with RNG investments and methane reduction, methane leakage reduction? And then also anything on EV charging opportunities that may be emerging and fleshing out the plan. Is this something that  are these things that could become upside to your current plans?
Dave Lesar: You sound like youre sitting in our management committee room as were discussing the  all the great opportunities we have in front of us to get ahead of things on the journey toward net zero, but also be able to add to our rate base. And again, Ill let Jason give the details on what our thinking is there.
Jason Wells: Yes. I think on the gas side, were really fortunate to work in very constructive jurisdictions. Weve highlighted our green hydrogen pilot up in Minnesota, the work that weve done on the renewable natural gas tariff. We clearly see that as a start to what is a long-term focus. We are actively working to develop the next round of pilot projects, to make sure that we can efficiently generate the hydrogen we can  that our system responds well to that introduction. We are working with suppliers on the RNG front, and I think the learnings that we have in Minnesota are certainly experiences that we can utilize more broadly in our gas footprint. And so I think that there is certainly more to come with respect to RNG and green hydrogen for the company. And as you said, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity to play a role in the electrification of the transportation sector. Thinking about here in Houston, its obviously the fourth largest city in the U.S., but it is a very commuter-focused city. And so we see the opportunity to help with the build-out of distributed charging networks that will help with the conversion of electric vehicles here in Houston and, for that matter, hopefully up in Evansville. And so I dont see these as materially changing kind of our rate base profile in the next couple of years, but the work that were doing to gain experience, understanding and the support of the regulators, I think, will help support the long-term CapEx plan for the company. So theres certainly a lot more to come on these two fronts.
Michael Weinstein: Great. And just one follow-up on cost savings, with $44 million identified for this year, how can we expect that to flow in, I guess, the $16 million already flowing in the first quarter? Is that going to be mostly in the summer? Or are we going to see it more evenly distributed throughout all four quarters?
Jason Wells: I appreciate the question about time. And I think whats important to note is the company really embarked on a focus of continuous improvement, starting with the second quarter last year. And as you can imagine, it was sort of ramping up into sort of building that muscle over the course of the year. And so from a quarter-over-quarter standpoint, we probably are seeing the largest variance here in the first quarter. And that will likely reduce each subsequent quarter as we kind of build into what was sort of the ongoing run rate at the end of 2020. So again, this is probably the largest variance youll see this year. And then as Ive mentioned a couple of times here, to the extent that we continue to make incremental progress, I think its a really good opportunity to reinvest that savings in the business for the benefit of our customers, and we will look to do so.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with J.P. Morgan. Jeremy, your line is open.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning, Dave.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Youve got quite the pickup with Jackie joining IR there. So in a point, he is lucky to have there. So I do remiss if I didnt say there, but let me just
Dave Lesar: She is sitting right next to me with a big smile on her face.
Jackie Richert: Thank you, Jeremy.
Dave Lesar: Were thrilled to have her on the team.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just a quick question here. You talked a bit about the $1 billion CapEx. Wondering if we could drill down a bit more on this and what it could look like. What guardrails do you have here? Or what drivers or milestones could kind of make this real?
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, first of all, it is real. I think if you go back to how we described it at our Analyst Day, I think that is still sort of the operative strategy. One is to deploy the capital efficiently. And with the capital ramp-up we have ongoing, it really is incumbent on us to make sure that we have the internal engineering resources, the project management resources, all of the sort of internal compliance guardrails you want to have around a fast increase in spend. So that when you spend $1, youre spending it wisely, youre spending it on behalf of your customer as you put it into your rate base. Second is finding the sort of capital to spend that $1 billion on. The LDC clearly helps there. The O&M savings help there. With sort of the market reaction on the ET sale, with Enable sale to ET, there could be more proceeds there. So I really just want to reiterate something I said earlier, and I hope youre getting a flavor for it here today is we have great capital spending opportunities in front of us, which is why as we sort of accumulate capital maybe above and beyond what we thought we would have in our Analyst Day. To grow the company, were not forced toward doing M&A. We are going to be able to invest it on a onetime investment basis in our business, in our territories and grow and protect and serve our customers here. So as I said a number of times, this is such a great position for us to be in because you throw organic growth on top of all that, thats going to create additional capital spending opportunities. So thats why, in my view, were really sitting in the catbird seat here in terms of what we can do with this business going forward. Not sure that answered your question, but
Jeremy Tonet: That is helpful. Thank you for that. Maybe just a quick second one here. Just wondering broadly on tax mitigation strategies, you talked about the LDC here. But just wondering as it relates to Enable ET, if theres anything you can share there on that side?
Dave Lesar: That is right into Jasons wheelhouse. So Ill let him answer that.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Jeremy. One of the things that Dave and I take a look at when we joined was the fact that on a relative basis, we were paying higher taxes than a number of our peers. And I think what has become obvious as weve dug into the situation is we have not necessarily availed ourselves of all of the, what I would say, to be common utility deductions. So one classic example would be tax repairs where you have the opportunity to essentially expense or deduct immediately some investments that otherwise would have historically been capitalized. I dont think we are fully taking advantage of that. We are currently in the process of conducting our study to support what would be a higher level of deductions. Im confident it will result in an increase in available tax deductions for the company, not yet at the point where were ready to quantify it as the study is not complete. But again, just given the progress that weve made, were confident that, that will meaningfully help reduce some of the tax burden that you mentioned from the ET sales. And so we will likely provide a more fulsome update on that opportunity on future earnings calls this year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. I leave it there. Thanks. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the call back over to Phil Holder for closing remarks.
Phil Holder: Thank you. Again, thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your interest in CenterPoint.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys first quarter earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Phil Holder, Senior Vice President of Strategic Planning and Investor Relations. Mr. Holder?
Phil Holder: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoints earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, our CEO; Jason Wells, our CFO, and Tom Webb, our Senior Adviser will discuss the companys fourth quarter and full year 2020 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, as noted in our Form 10-K, other SEC filings and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement. We will also discuss guidance basis, Utility EPS for 2021. In providing guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. For information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation, both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. Before Dave begins, I would like to mention that other then the financial results, we will also plan to address the impact of the recent storm event and Enables announced merger. As a result, we may have less time for Q&A. If you any questions that do not get answered, please feel free to reach out to the IR team. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now Id like to turn the discussion over to Dave?
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Phil. And I want to welcome you to our CenterPoint team. And good morning to everyone. During our Investor Day, this past December, we unveiled our strategy to take advantage of our organic growth and increase capital spending opportunities to deliver consistent earnings growth, offer industry-leading rate base growth, reduce cost to invest in the future, take a leading stance on ESG, minimize our exposure to the midstream. We focus on core utility operations, and most importantly, continue to provide a resilient grid for our customers. We are excited to share our significant progress against those objectives with you today. Before we start, I want to update you on the impacts of last week's devastating winter storm event that struck Texas and our broader service territories. It was undoubtedly an extremely difficult week across our service territories, especially for Texans. We know many of our customers faced very difficult conditions, and our hearts go out to those in our communities who have faced substantial hardship and loss. I am really proud of how our employees worked in very harsh conditions to help customers even as their own homes and families were without power, or experiencing damage from busted pipes. As you know, I like to lead things off with headlines. So let me give you the storm headlines. First and foremost, our CenterPoint electric and gas systems worked as designed and proved to be very resilient, despite the impact of ice, snow, freezing temperatures, and the fluctuating power loads provided to us by ERCOT during the week. All of these factors are tough on equipment. But our system did its job and was able to be quickly re-energized. Our decision to increase utilities earnings guidance is an expression of our confidence that the storm will not impact our 6% to 8% utility EPS annual growth rate and our ability to ramp-up our capital spending efforts and grow our rate base at a 10% compound annual growth rate. As you know, in Texas, we are not a generator of electricity, and are dependent on a power supply dispatched to us by the ERCOT system. Once we finally received adequate power from third-party generators to transmit and distribute across our service territory, the resiliency of our system proved itself in over 98% of our 2.6 million electric customers had electricity within about 12 hours. I believe that's pretty amazing. I'm very proud of our employees that worked tirelessly. Our gas system was equally tested and proved resilient, as the storm and cold weather simultaneously impacted our eight states gas footprint, including very cold temperatures in Minnesota. And despite a constant search for gas supply, we kept our line pressures up, and we're able to serve our customers throughout the system. We saw natural gas price spiking very high throughout our system and electric pricing getting very high in Texas. In all of our gas jurisdictions, we are fortunate to have regulatory mechanisms already in place, and additional tools now at our disposal to recover these costs in a timely manner and to mitigate impacts to our customers bills. As you well know, our electric business transmits and distributes power. In our markets, the local retail electric providers or REPs, are responsible for purchasing electricity and take on the inherent risk of power pricing, customer billing and collecting. If an REP was to cease to operate, you should know and be confident that the existing regulatory mechanisms allow for us to recover any cost exposure we might have due to bad debt expense. These events once again point out the benefit we have of operating in states that have favorable and supportive regulatory processes. More importantly for our investors, we will not have to seek any incremental equity to handle our increased storm-related liquidity needs. As we have mentioned many times, we are fortunate to work in constructive regulatory jurisdictions and fully expect these costs to be recoverable in a timely manner. And in many of our jurisdictions, where these costs are the largest, we already have the ability to recover some carrying costs. We are in the process of working with all of our regulators on that. From an overall financial standpoint, we expect to incur incremental spend in 2021 related to the February winter storm, including additional operational expenses and purchase gas costs. At this time, we expect the total amount of incremental gas purchase cost to be about $2.5 billion, spread across all of our jurisdictions. Jason will speak in further detail about this. But before anyone becomes concerned, I want to remind everyone that we believe we have ample liquidity from our credit facilities, particularly given our recently announced committed short term financing that will help bridge our near term working capital needs, as well as strong capital markets access and strong and timely recovery mechanisms. Therefore, to put your minds at ease, while we don't expect direct the impact of the storm event on our guidance based utility EPS range, we will incur modest additional interest expense related to some of these excess costs until they can be recovered. We view this more as an addressable working capital management challenge, which we will manage our way through. As we have emphasized, we will sweat the details, so you don't have to. This is a perfect example of where that comes into play. Finally, I've been asked by the Mayor of Houston to head up to fundraising for families of Houstonians, who may need additional help to recover from this storm, especially around home repairs, and basic needs. CenterPoint was proud to provide the lead contribution to this fund. And I look forward to working in my capacity as Chair of the effort to build upon this contribution. And I thank the Mayor for the trust and confidence he has placed in me, the company and our employees by asking us to lead this important endeavor. Now let's move on to the results of our business. This call is also an opportunity for us to demonstrate to you that we are in fact now executing on the key objectives that we outlined during our December 7th Investor Day. I will review the underlying elements of our core plan and share with you how we are making meaningful inroads in each functional area. Let me start with the next set of headlines we are presenting to you today. We delivered $0.29 per share for the fourth quarter, and $1.40 per share for the year on a guidance basis, beating consensus and our previous guidance. More importantly, even factoring in the disruptions to our operations last week, we are raising our 2021 guidance based utility EPS range to $1.24 to $1.26. This will now be the new and higher baseline for our future 6% to 8% guidance growth target. We are of course, also maintaining our $16 billion plus capital spend program and 10% compound annual rate base growth. Our gas LDC sales process is on track and we are moving to minimize our midstream exposure. So as you can see, we have been very busy since our Investor Day. Turning into Enable. Let me tell you how excited I was about the announcement of the transaction between Enable an Energy Transfer on February 17. We said to you on our Investor Day that we are absolutely focused on reducing and eventually eliminating our midstream exposure through a disciplined financial approach. All done in a thoughtful way with the objective to optimize the long-term benefit to our shareholders. We follow that approach and now have a transaction that we expect to achieve the following, an accelerated path towards a fully regulated utility business model, improvement in our business risk profile by having our midstream investment anchored to a larger, more diversified entity, exchanging our interest into a more liquid security, which will facilitate an accelerated exit, increased the autonomy through the dissolution of the enabled partnership, giving us flexibility to make decisions about our exit strategy. And of course, it reduces risk to distributions, while we wind down our position. As to our exit strategy, we intend to exit in an accelerated, but highly managed and sophisticated way that will not disrupt the trading of Energy Transfer. Jason will talk to you more about the transaction itself. But I want to say to you loud and clear so there is no confusion or concern about it, this transaction will have zero impact on our broader strategic goals. In fact, we believe it supports our guidance and rate base growth targets and our higher 2021 guidance based utility EPS range. As I stated previously, we will continue to expect no additional equity issuance in 2021 beyond the DRIP process, we described in our Investor Day. The fact that we will have to absorb increased corporate allocations, and the cost associated with the debt currently allocated to Enable, as we reduced our midstream exposure, adjust headwinds to manage. Managing these Enable related headwinds were anticipated and have been in our thinking all along. We clearly will not back away from the financial goals we have shared with you because of these headwinds. We sweat the details, so you don't have to. Does that sound familiar? It should be as it applies here, too. Since we last talked, I am excited that we have added two high caliber financial leaders to our team, Stacey Peterson now leads our Treasury, Financial Planning and Analysis Efforts. And Phil Holder, from whom you heard earlier, now leads our Strategic Planning and Investor Relations teams. Our entire executive team is hard at work to deliver on our stated objectives, which begins with industry-leading, robust organic growth, and continues with disciplined operations and financial management. In addition to our industry leading organic growth, our management team is committed to making CenterPoint utility industry leader in ESG, and environmental stewardship. During our Investor Day, we elaborated on the beginnings of our carbon reduction strategy with our coal retirements in Indiana, as well as adding renewable and green hydrogen initiatives across our LDC service territories. Let me share our early thinking on CenterPoints role in a net zero economy. First, we are focused on reducing the carbon emissions from our electric generation fleet in Indiana, work that is already well underway and supported by our filing for the CPCNs for the solar elements of our IRP plants earlier this week. Secondly, we are focused on minimizing our emissions from our core operations by adopting electric vehicles for our fleet, utilizing state of the art technology to detect and eliminate methane emissions from leaks on our gas system. And by embracing energy efficiency in the buildings we own. Third, we are focused on reducing the carbon intensity of the gas we supply our customers and continue to evaluate ways to expand our renewable natural gas and green hydrogen pilots. Fourth, we are focused on enabling carbon reduction of others, either through connecting new renewable energy sources to our grid in Texas, facilitating the adoption of electric vehicles, or helping customers adopt higher efficiency standards. We understand the importance of reducing our carbon footprint, as evidenced by the adoption of our carbon policy last year. Recognizing that there is still more work to do, we plan to release an enhanced ESG plan later this year. I want to thank you all for spending your time with CenterPoint today. And before I hand it over to Jason, let me reiterate what it means to be invested in CenterPoint and why we are a uniquely attractive value proposition. Number one, we are moving toward a fully regulated business, with fantastic utilities in highly attractive jurisdictions. Our utilities have the potential to deliver to you a robust rate base and earnings growth, relative to other opportunities that you have in the sector. Two, we are committed to keeping our service affordable for our customers by reducing O&M expense and continuously improving our processes to create the necessary headroom to support our robust organic utility growth, while remaining focused on our commitment to safety. Tom Webb, whose expertise on that we have enjoyed over the past months, will be joining us shortly and share what work we have done so far. Number three. We are focused on delivering consistently on our industry-leading earnings growth. We don't want you to have surprises or elements you don't under stand, as you evaluate our business. Number four. We have promised you that we will take steps to minimize our midstream exposure, and are now on a clear path to deliver on that. I want to emphasize what a big step this is for us. We are working toward a point where midstream is no longer a topic of these calls. Then we can all solely focus on what a great utility business we have. Trust that we will continue to work on that. Number five. We are proactively working to strengthen our relationship with our regulators. We are committed to doing right by our customers so that our regulators can rest easy. I have personally visited most of our regulators during my short tenure as CEO and plan to engage with all of them on a regular basis. We are privileged to serve under some of the most constructive regulatory authorities in the country. And we are working tirelessly to maintain those relationships. Number six. We are committed to balance sheet efficiency and high credit quality. We will continue to work to recycle capital efficiently, as we are doing with our gas LDC sales, to further support our organic growth from a credit and financial perspective. We are working to simplify our balance sheet and continue to improve our credit profile over time. Just recently S&P and Fitchs decision to remove CenterPoint from negative watch confirmed that we are headed down the right path. And we are not going to stop there. Now I'm going to turn the call over to Jason, so he can talk to you about our financial results and provide more detail and what I have outlined. I will be back at the end to share my closing comments, and to answer your questions. Jason?
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. And thank you to all of you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. As Dave pointed out, we shared many goals with you on our Investor Day. And our team here is laser-focused on delivering on them, despite what has thrown our way. The winter storm this past week, challenged the communities we have the privilege to serve in extraordinary ways. Our thoughts remain with our customers as they recover from the impact of the storm. But I want to add, I too am proud of how our teams responded to the call for action, the resiliency of our gas and electric systems during the storm, and our ability to continue to deliver on our commitments to you, our shareholders during these extraordinary events. Let me get started with our key takeaways from today's call starting on slide three. First, we are pleased to report that for both the fourth quarter and the full year results for 2020, we beat both consensus and our most recent guidance. Given our ability to also pull forward some additional work into 2020, we have the confidence in increasing our guidance basis utility EPS range for 2021 to $1.24 to $1.26. This will be the basis for our consistent 6% to 8% guidance basis utility EPS growth year-after-year, like we've committed to you. Second. We have recently shared that Enable has entered into a merger agreement with Energy Transfer that would result in Energy Transfer acquiring Enable upon the closing of the transaction, including all of CenterPoints interest in Enable. That's a big step towards CenterPoints promised to minimize our midstream exposure. And I'll talk more about this in a little bit. Third, we have shared our $16 billion plus CapEx plan and our industry leading rate based compound annual growth rate target of 10%. Now that we are in 2021, we have already started to execute on that growth and remain confident in our ability to complete the work efficiently this year. Fourth, as Dave has touched on both he and I are taking a hard look at our ESG effort. We have multiple work streams underway in 2021, as it relates to transitioning our generation fleet in Indiana to be greener and cleaner beginning with a filing for the CPCNs for our solar generation component of our IRP this week. We're also looking at expanding our renewable natural gas and green hydrogen pilots to offset the carbon intensity of our gas system. These things are already underway today. We plan to do more, and we plan to deliver an improved ESG focus strategy in the coming months. Last but not least, we will give you an update regarding our gas LDC sale process. Looking back at 2020, we had a strong financial performance across our utilities during the quarter and on a full year guidance basis, despite many of the challenges 2020 presented. This only goes to show how fortunate we are that we operate in such high growth, constructive, regulatory jurisdictions. As shown on slide four for the quarter our diluted earnings per share was $0.27. Guidance basis EPS was $0.29, a good margin above analyst estimates [ph]. We delivered $0.22 of guidance basis utility EPS for the quarter. Full year 2020 guidance basis utility EPS comes in at $1.17 per share. We ended the year with $1.40 of guidance basis consolidated EPS versus a loss of $1.79 per share on a GAAP basis, primarily due to midstream related impairments recorded earlier in the year. Looking at slide five, you can see our primary drivers for the fourth quarter and year end results. The notable drivers are net customer growth and rate relief, as well as disciplined O&M management. The unfavorable impact was largely driven by share dilution due to the large equity issuance back in May 2020. Before we take a look at 2021, I want to cover our recent announcement with respect to our investment in Enable. Turning to slide six, I want to emphasize that the announced merger between Energy Transfer and Enable now puts us firmly on a path to deliver on our promise to minimize our exposure to midstream. What's better is that through this transaction, we will reduce the risk of our future distributions and improve our business risk profile due to energy transfer scale and desirable portfolio of long-term take or pay contracts. Once we terminate our partnership agreement with OGE, upon consummation of the transaction, we will also gain increased autonomy to exit our midstream investment with better economics and at a faster pace, given the enhanced liquidity. We want to be thoughtful on how best to maximize the value of our interest in energy transfer. So we're not providing a timeframe for exiting our exposure to midstream. But as Dave has mentioned, we will continue to use a disciplined approach. And we will move at a pace that we believe our shareholders will appreciate. Going forward, we are moving towards having almost 100% of our earnings come from our regulated businesses. And we continue to feel confident in our ability to maintain our 6% to 8% guidance basis utility EPS growth target and a 10% rate base growth target we've shared before. Now it's time to look forward to 2021. We continue to see 2021 as a transition year, as we move to a more fully regulated utility. Accordingly, we will continue to provide guidance for and focus on our utility segment to provide clarity around the long-term earnings power of the company. The main value drivers remain our impressive customer growth, our enhanced capital investment plan, and the hard work we're putting into build around that O&M discipline. With those three things, we believe our plan can weather the ups and downs as we've illustrated with our 2020 results. In fact, our O&M discipline in 2020 allowed us to accelerate some incremental work on our gas and electric systems, which allows us to increase our guidance basis utility EPS range to $1.24 to $1.26. As you can see on slide seven. Due to the fact that Enable has suspended initiating earnings guidance, as well as the announced transaction between Enable and Energy transfer, we are not in position to provide guidance for the midstream segment at this time. As a reminder for the midstream segment, we will continue to record our share of Enables earnings, as well as the basis difference accretion earnings from the Enable preferred distributions net of the associated amount of debt, interest on the midstream note and an allocation of corporate overhead based on midstreams relative earnings contribution until the transaction closes. The transaction will be accounted for as a gain on sale of our investment in Enable and our investment in Energy Transfer will be recorded at fair value resulting in a net gain on the sale. Upon closing of the Enable transaction with Energy Transfer, our investment in Energy Transfer common units will be accounted for at fair value going forward. Once we achieve more clarity following a transaction close, we will establish guidance for the midstream segment based on the distributions from our Energy Transfer investments, and the debt and corporate allocations previously described as a component of our midstream investment. We will exclude mark-to-market gains or losses recorded for the Energy Transfer investments similar to the way that we treat our ZENS investments today. To give you a sense of what we're looking at on a GAAP versus guidance basis for 2021 EPS, I want to highlight some of the big adjustments related to the execution of our strategic plan this year. First upon consummation of the transaction between Enable and Energy Transfer, we anticipate recording a large one-time gain net of transaction costs on the exchange of our Enable common units for Energy Transfer common units, as we recognize the investment at fair value, eliminating the basis differential we previously recorded. Second, we anticipate recording a large one-time gain on the sale of our gas LDC businesses. Again, this gain will include the cost of the transaction. Finally, in January 2021, we recorded a $26 million loss on the early redemption of $250 million of 3.85% senior notes, maturing in 2024. The redemption is consistent with our liability management goals. These are big steps we are taking in this transition year to reposition CenterPoint as a premium regulated utility. We will also continue to exclude from our guidance basis results, mark-to-market gains or losses on ZENS, energy transfer securities, as well as cost to achieve the integration of Vectren. Before I go through our financing plan for the year, I want to briefly touch upon the impacts of the recent winter storm on our financials. And like Dave, I want to express my personal sympathy for those affected. When we think about liquidity and credit metrics near term, we have to address the recent 2021 February storm event that affected customers in many jurisdictions, especially here in Texas. There is no denying that the tightening in the natural gas market led to a surge in gas prices for our gas LDCs during those few days. Let me be clear, though, we believe these costs to be fully recoverable for CenterPoint.  Turning to slide eight. At this time there is about $2.5 billion of total incremental gas purchasing costs that we incurred last week. But this is pretty well spread across our various service territories, except for perhaps our hardest hit Texas territory. We are already in touch with regulators and are working on a path towards timely recovery of these costs. But also understanding that we need to be sensitive to the burdens of our customers are incurring during these difficult times. Recently, the Texas Railroad Commission issued an order allowing utilities to record any extraordinary expenses related to the winter storm event as a regulatory asset, and confirming that we may seek future recovery of these extraordinary costs. Following that order, we are already in conversations to explore recovery options with the Texas Railroad Commission and regulators and other impacted jurisdictions. We are confident in our actions, as we fulfilled our duty to serve our strong regulatory relationships will be highlighted here. From a balance sheet and liquidity perspective, we just received an additional $1.7 billion of short term financing commitments. This along with our strong balance sheet provides a sufficient level of liquidity to support an anticipated increase in our near term working capital needs due to the February storm event. We expect cost recover to began in the third quarter of 2021, following the normal recovery timelines, and only a very modest impact to interest expense, as a number of our jurisdictions provide for recovery of the financing costs associated with unrecoverable balances. Moving on to our financing plan on slide nine. We remain disciplined on the balance sheet and in addressing our near term maturities. Earlier this month, we completed a refinancing of our revolving credit facilities and extended the maturity to February 2024. In addition, we have some near term 2021 maturities at CEHE and at the parent, that we will actively address over the coming months. Our liquidity remained strong with liquidity of $2.1 billion as of February 22, and before our recently received commitments, on an additional short term financing of $1.7 billion. We continue to engage with our rating agencies and discuss the key credit enhancing actions taken in 2020, and our progress on strategic initiatives such as our recent announcement with our Enable investment. With the announcement of the pending merger between Enable and Energy Transfer, Fitch and S&P have acknowledged our improved business risk profile, by revising CenterPoints credit outlook from negative to stable. Fitch also upgraded the rating at CERC from triple BBB plus to a minus. As it relates to equity, we've already shared with you our plan and we plan on sticking to it. Only a small DRIP program here in 2021, an introduction of a modest annual ATM program in 2022, no large block equity is needed. Before I conclude, let me provide a brief update regarding the potential sale of our two gas LDC businesses in Arkansas and Oklahoma. We continue to be very pleased with a robust level of interest we've received and are even more confident that this is an efficient way for us to recycle capital and invest in our growth accretive utility businesses. We expect to have a transition to announce in early second quarter of this year, and complete the transaction by the end of the year. We don't anticipate that the recent winter storm related events will impact our sale process. The regulatory mechanisms in Arkansas and Oklahoma are strong. And if anything, this event should further highlight the value of these utilities. These are the updates. Dave and I believe in the importance of the regular cadence we have with you and we will continue to share our progress. We know we have a lot more to show you as we move through 2021 and I have every confidence in our team here at CenterPoint that we will deliver on all of our promises. Now both Dave and I touched on our commitment to reducing O&M expense, while maintaining our focus on safety. As many of you know this is an area about which Tom Webb is very passionate and in which he is certainly an expert. Tom has been working very closely with our continuous improvement team. So let me turn this over to Tom, so he can share with you the work that we have done. I'll be back with you at the end of the call and look for answering your questions. Tom?
Tom Webb: Thank you, Jason. And thank you to all our co-workers who rose to the occasion to help our customers last week. Please let me share an example of what operational excellence can do. As shown on the right of slide 10, 2020 provided an early example of our commitment to our customers. Our guidance basis utility EPS outlook was challenged by COVID, weather conditions, unanticipated share dilution, and more, it's all shown in red. With a no excuses commitment in the second half, management embarked on actions to right the ship, meet our guidance. However, coupled with better-than-anticipated economic recovery and good cost reduction performance, we were going to surpass our EPS guidance. This permitted us to put more resources to work back for our customers, our reason for being. Not many companies do this. We sweat the details to maximize resources for our customers and for you, our investors. This management team, together with empowered talented employees are executing on a tremendous opportunity to make substantial capital investment for customers. In my opinion, it will result in one of the highest rate base growth clips in the industry. With top tier organic growth and sector leading cost reductions a good portion of this investment will be funded for our customers. But do you believe our cost reductions, our net reductions are real? I do. Take a look at slide 11. In December, we showed you this slide, highlighting our five year plan including O&M reductions of 1% to 2% a year, $110 million over the next five years. We've added a column to show 2021 compared with 2020. It's highlighted in green, we plan a fast start with O&M cost down $44 million, or about 3%. Some of this is already on cruise control. For example, what we call attrition is simply anticipated turnover of about 150 people retirements with one-for-one replacements with savings of about $25,000 each or $4 million in total. And this assumes that everyone will be replaced. Hmm! How about enhanced capitalization, merely replacing O&M expenses with smart capital investment where it's appropriate. This reduces cost to our customers moving from immediate expensing to capital recovery over time. There's no magic here. And further, because we were ahead of plan in 2020, we maximized resources for our customers pulling work ahead from 2021 into 2020, no magic here either. Importantly, our continuous improvement work is ramping up during 2021. Even in this ramp up year, we expect savings of about $15 million. Please don't misunderstand or underestimate the value of continuous improvement. It provides the basics, the building blocks of a safe, reliable, affordable, clean and resilient systems. It's process-driven, rather than people dependent. I suspect however, you're thinking if we can reduce costs by 3% in 2021, why can't we do it every year, especially since we have big savings ahead as we seek to convert from coal to gas to renewables in a couple of years. Clearly, there's a lot of work to do. The team here is capable. The team here is committed to no excuses performance. We are committed to continuous improvement, process improvement that accelerates safety, reliability, quality, delivery, waste elimination, and morale. Process changes simplify how we do our work. The cost fallout, they fallout. How? We eliminate human struggle. I'm honored to be a very small part of this world-class approach to delivering for customers and investors. Now on that note for a wrap up, back to one of the most extraordinary CEOs in our business, Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Tom. I want to conclude the prepared remarks by discussing what I refer to as our 2020 Report Card. These are critical elements that we are focused on to transform CenterPoint into an industry leader, delivering to you sustainable and predictable earnings growth, converting our industry-leading customer growth and O&M discipline into outsized rate base and CapEx growth, while maintaining our commitment to safety, enhancing our ESG strategy and becoming a key enabler for a net zero economy in places we operate, strengthening our balance sheet and credit profile, focusing on utility operations, and improving the customer experience, executing our capital recycling strategy. And finally, delivering an economically viable path to minimize the impact of our midstream exposure and then eventually eliminate it. This is the new CenterPoint, consistent and predictable earnings growth, world-class operations and service territories and a commitment to delivering on our promises to our shareholders.
Phil Holder: Thank you, Dave. We will now take questions until 9 AM Eastern. If your question is not answered, please reach out to the IR team and we would be happy to schedule a time with you to discuss any follow ups you may have.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Shahriar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners. Your line is open.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Dave Lesar: Good morning.
Jason Wells: Good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just two quick topics here. First, it sounds like you guys have a really good handle on the storms. As it kind of relates to policy decisions in Austin, are there sort of any potential opportunities for CenterPoint as we think about the plan, as presented this morning. And just remind us, is there sort of any impact to CenterPoint at ERCOT [ph] large retailers or generators run into sort of financial difficulties?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Well, appreciate it. Let me take the - maybe the first part of your question, Jason can take the second part. As you can imagine, there's a lot of dialogue going on in Austin, even as we speak here. The legislature is in session. So everyone in the political sphere is in Austin, at this point in time. But I guess, as I look back at it from a CenterPoint standpoint, obviously, you know, our number one goal is to serve our customers to the best way we can. If you think about last week, clearly for us more control over some of our assets in our grid would have been a positive. So we're thinking about looking at opportunities, which we course [ph] would have to get through the legislature, of things like getting batteries and fuel cells in the like, actually into our rate base. So we could provide sort of more in-territory, stability to the grid, if anything like this ever happened again. So as I said, the gamut of things being discussed in Austin right now is pretty wide. But I think everybody is looking for the right solution for the state of Texas. So this doesn't happen again, it will be part of that dialogue. You know, Jason, do you want to handle the second part of the question?
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks, David. Good morning, Shahriar. I really think that there's a low risk of that of any financial impact associated with any financial challenges with the generators or retail energy providers. The state law here in Texas is very clear that we have the right to recover any delinquent accounts for retail energy providers as a regulatory asset. We also have, and do collect from the retail energy providers on a daily basis. And so have a good handle on those that are continued to perform with respect to their obligations. And maybe the final point that I would highlight is that, to the extent that you know, any of the large generators or retailer and to providers experienced financial challenge, it will likely be a reorganization of that. And one of the first areas of focus in the first aid [ph] motions of any reorganization would be the continuity of business that will allow the retail energy providers to continue to pay the associated T&D charges. And so in short, we see this as a really low-risk issue for the company.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, on the midstream exit. Can you just remind us, you know, day one, sort of the various exit options you're thinking about is i.e., exercising your demand rights to most viable path versus a slow dribble or piggybacking? And I know the exit is going to be obviously satisfactory to utility investors, which clearly highlights a more rapid exit. But youre still kind of sticking with that minimizing language versus an outright midstream exit. Are you simply alluding to holding on to that preferred in the near term? Or is it something else? Thank you.
Dave Lesar: No, I think a good question. And I'll let Jason clarify. But before you can exit, you have to minimize. And so I think you know, what we've done with this transaction, it's allowed us to sort of minimize their exposure. And now and when the transaction closes, we'll pivot very quickly to exit. And believe me, it's top of mind in terms of the discussions we're having every day, but I'll let Jason elaborate a bit.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Shahriar. I'm not going to be specific in terms of timelines, as you know, we communicated in our prepared remarks. But let me sort of talk about quickly the tools that we have available. With respect to the Series C Preferred, there are no registration rights needed for that security. And so upon transaction close, we have full flexibility to sell that security. There's an active secondary market, and we have a tax basis that approximates base value of that security. So we have full flexibility to exit that security on transaction close. There will be a short delay upon the close of the transaction for that common unit to be registered. But, you know, I think you've highlighted the two tools that we will look at, you know, there is ample liquidity in the volumes of Energy Transfer unit. And so we will likely utilize some form of a durable, and opportunistically, where it makes sense, we will exercise our demand rights for potentially a larger block. But just to close and re emphasize what Dave articulated, it is our commitment to exit our exposure to midstream. And we're going to do so in a manner that we think the current shareholders are happy.
Shahriar Pourreza: Terrific, guys. Congrats on execution. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. My first question is back to the Texas weather event. First, I just wanted to confirm your comments that the guidance for 2021 does include, you know, whatever drag is associated with the financing to cover the costs immediately. And then just related to that, when we think about your thoughts on the recovery and the recovery period over the various - in that various jurisdictions, does your analysis show a, I guess, path that achieve the right balance between potential impact to customer bills and your ability to continue to make the investments that - to hit the growth rate?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me answer the first one. I'll let Jason answer the second one, it seems like we have a routine working here. But absolutely the guidance we have out there does include the drag of the storm, as I said in my prepared remarks. Now, there'll be some extra interest pressure on there. But I view that as a headwind to manage. We have a very talented financial team here at CenterPoint. And we've got some buttons to push and levers to pull. And we're going to do that and we are already are doing that. And so we'll have zero impact on the guidance that we've given.
Jason Wells: Let me also amplify Dave's remarks on that point, several of the jurisdictions that we operate in allow us to recover the carrying costs. So that does help sort of minimize the any drag from the incremental debt. But I think you've touched upon an issue that obviously we are working with regulators, policymakers on and that's balancing the financial health of the utilities with the impact of collecting this on customer bills. I think we've seen some very strong signals come out of the various jurisdictions. We have the privilege to operate in. As I highlighted, the Texas Railroad Commission made it clear that these are recoverable costs. And so, I think what we are all doing, and I use that term sort of broadly because this is not a CenterPoint issue, but you know, a gas LDC issue, is we're working to find and strike that right balance of short term recovery of these costs, while not unnecessarily burning [ph] the impact of customer bills, more work, needs to be done, you know, hearings are underway this week. But I am confident we will strike that, that right balance here.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And my only other question is, you know, in for 2021 guidance and the assumptions that are embedded in, it seems like there's nothing major related to any COVID-related items. Is that correct?
Dave Lesar: That's correct. As we articulated towards the end of last year, it's our responsibility to manage the ups and downs, the headwinds and tailwind to this business. COVID remains a small headwind. But we have every confidence that we have the tools to manage through it. And one of the other things that I'll just continue to emphasize is, I think we are also fortunate to serve in communities of high growth. And so we continue to see residential growth that offsets, you know, some of the reduction in electricity consumption from the commercial segment of our business. And so in short, we have full confidence, our ability to manage whatever remaining COVID headwind exists.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. Congratulations, team. So perhaps just to stick with the cost question and cost allocation question coming out of the Enable transition here. Can you speak a little bit to how you're thinking about that evolution here a little bit more specifically, just the cadence of addressing and minimizing that element? When you think about, presumably reallocating those costs back to the utility over time?
Jason Wells: Sure. Good morning, Julien. I think, given the negative tax bases that we have, in our current Enable units that will transfer for the Energy Transfer unit. I think it's fair to characterize about 50% of the proceeds that we would receive upon sale of those common units would result in  will be paid in taxes. And so as you think about sort of both the tax bill, as well as the allocated debt that we have to the to the midstream segment, we are timing our exit for midstream. So that as Dave pointed out, we are not impacting our utility segment. That 50% sort of rule of thumb for the tax component of the Enable sales is what I would consider to be a status quo, rule of thumb. We are working on various tax strategies to help improve that position. In addition, whatever remaining debt that exists after disposition of those units paid out of the associated, tax bill paid out of the associated debt, we believe we have sufficient O&M levers to offset which is why we are fully confident that as we exit midstream, we will be able to do so in a manner that has no impact on our stated 6% to 8% utility growth rate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay, so fully offset on a go forward basis.
Jason Wells: Yeah.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Thank you for affirming that. Can you elaborate, at least preliminarily on how you think about winterization options coming out of the deep freeze here? Clearly, some of your earlier comments on the call suggested the bulk of improvements seem to be more on operations. But curious, as you perform your task being a wires utility and gas LDC, how do you think about winterization opportunities that might emerge there in the form of CapEx and actual investments here? And obviously funding tied to that?
Jason Wells: Yeah. Let me let me take that one on first. I think you know, there has been a lot of dialogue across the state about a lot of the reason the generation went down is because it was not properly winterized, that includes both the subtle wind solar and gas generators, but in fact, at one point, the big nuclear plant STP also went down at one point last week. As you know, the state's sort of electric grid is constructed for sort of peak summer air conditioning time and therefore this concept of winterizing your equipment, winterizing the generators, it's going to be difficult to do because obviously by enclosing them, and insulating them and winterizing them, it means you just put more stress on it during the summer when it's really hot. So I think there are ways to do it. And companies are going to have to find ways to do it because I suspect that's one of the things that's going to come out of Austin from a regulatory standpoint. But specifically to your question, we actually have winterized our equipment, and really protected it from both the hot and cold weather. But there are some incremental opportunities for us to do certain things, really more as a resiliency and hardening our system standpoint, I wouldn't think of it as winterizing, as more or less hardening and making the system more resilient. And of course, we'll be able to get that into rate base. And I would view it as sort of a slight potential increment to our capital spend.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Got it. Doesn't sound too material. Excellent. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Thank you. Hey, Dave, Jason, Tom. Is it possible that you could break out the $2.5 billion by states?
Jason Wells: Sure. I'll give you the three top states are kind of in Texas, we have about $1.25 billion of incremental costs. In Minnesota, about $0.5 billion, and in Arkansas, we've got about $350 million, and then the rest is spread fairly evenly across the other jurisdictions.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then when you talk about the regulatory mechanisms for timely recovery, could that potentially include securitization of some of these costs?
Jason Wells: You know, I think it's really kind of early to get ahead of the regulatory process. But you know, securitization has been discussed. And so whether it's securitization, following - the current recovery timelines are about 12 months, in some of the jurisdictions, particularly those three that I mentioned. A year to recover maybe too much for customer bills, they may extend the timelines 18 months or so. And so there are a number of tools being discussed, securitization is just one of those at this point.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe a question for Dave. So just for the layman person, it might be hard to kind of separate CenterPoint as the utility versus the generators or COD [ph] or others. So I'm just, I mean, it's encouraging to see that the Mayor made you the head of this fundraising campaign. But just could you give a sense of just the political leadership and others kind of know, how you fit into the system here you know, how much political heat are you getting? Are they kind of - get this?
Dave Lesar: No, I would say generally, I think everybody gets and understands the roles that the generators, the T&D companies, and the retailers, basically play within Texas. We were very aggressive in our communication last week, putting out sometimes always one and sometimes two press releases every day, trying to inform people about what this state of play was. Clearly state-wide, there was a lot of frustration, as you can imagine, there is finger pointing going on. But I would say that, that we did a pretty good job getting out in front of the story. And really, essentially, what we told our customers is listen, when we get electricity, we will begin to restore it. Our system is resilient, which it proved to be. We got power back into the homes of our customers very, very quickly, after we got it. And the reality is, is that, this was a sort of a system-wide failure across the state as well been written. And so as I said earlier, there'll be something that comes out of Austin on this, but I think people have done a good job of understanding our role in it. That doesn't mean that ultimately some fingers don't get pointed here and there. We'll just have to address those as they come at us.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then finally, just in - I know in the past, you and the other utilities have proposed adding batteries on the utility grid, and I'm not sure that would have helped here or not. But just is that something that could come up as a potential thing in the legislative session?
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think, right now, almost everything is being considered up there. But I think our pitch would be, you know, in an in an event like this, absent having your own generation, which we don't want to do, we were at the mercy of our cot. But I do think that around the edges, and for sort of incremental ability to react to short term, things like this batteries, fuel cells, and those kinds of things would have been helpful. And I think that if you look at, you know, things that we would like, potentially to see in any legislative changes, that would be a dialogue we would wholeheartedly get into the middle of.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from James Thalacker from BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Phil Holder: He may be on mute.
Operator: James Thalacker, your lines open.
Phil Holder: Okay. Thanks, Jim. Why don't we do one more and we'll wrap up.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. A lot of questions about Texas and other pressure on issues have been answered. I just wanted to ask you about kind of organizational morale. It seems like you guys are very focused on the O&M reductions. And perhaps you asked a lot of people within the organizations to do things differently. And I was just kind of wondering if you could comment on the overall morale within the organization and how much of a buy-in is there from employees on all levels? And how you're handling this? Thank you.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I mean, obviously, this is a biased view and a personal view. But I think morale is really, really great in CenterPoint right now. And I think if you - you got to look back over what this organization has gone through in the last 12 months, and it's been a ranching [ph] change. I'm the third CEO within a year, Jason is the third CFO within a year. We had issues around dividend. We had the activist investor in us. We had COVID. We had a hurricane that skirted us last summer. And I would say that I think people are really bought into the new CenterPoint. And, you know, certainly in my engagement with and I think I can speak more broadly for our executive team. There, people are motivated, they like what's happening. They did not like what happened early last year. And so I think they see a, you know, a really happening company, a management team that is taking the organization in the right way. They're excited about it. They understand that everybody has a part to play. And I think the other thing is, a focus on O&M isn't always a focus on people reduction. As Tom has said, it's a focus on doing things better. It's getting your vendors to participate with you in doing things more efficiently, buying things cheaper, and that kind of thing. So I think at the end of the day, morale is really, really good here. And I expect it to even get better.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Phil Holder: Okay, great. That will be our final question. Thank you, everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy.
Operator: This concludes today's conference for CenterPoint Energys fourth quarter and full year 2020 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Dave Lesar, CEO; and Jason Wells, CFO, will discuss our third quarter 2020 results and provide highlights on our strategy. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, including weather, regulatory actions, the economy and unemployment, commodity prices and the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. We will also discuss guidance for 2020 in 2 components. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. In summary, our guidance basis, Utility EPS range, includes net income from our utility segments as well as after tax corporate and other operating income. This guidance range considers operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings, as noted in our earnings release. The range reflects dilution and earnings as if the Series C preferred stock were issued as common stock and incorporates anticipated COVID-19 impacts. Finally, the guidance basis Utility EPS range assumes an allocation of corporate overhead based upon its relative earnings contribution. Our guidance basis Utility EPS excludes the Midstream Investments EPS range; results related to our recent divestitures and costs and impairment resulting from the sale of these businesses; certain expenses associated with the merger integration and business review and evaluation committee activities; severance costs; earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities; and changes in accounting standards. In addition to these exclusions, CenterPoint Energy's guidance does not consider unusual items, which could have a material impact on GAAP reported result for the applicable guidance period. We also provide guidance for Midstream Investments, which takes into account, among other things, the outlook provided by Enable on their earnings call.  For further information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance during today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. Before Dave begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Dave?
David Lesar: Thank you, Dave, and good morning. Since we last talked 90 days ago, it has been a very busy time for both me and CenterPoint. These are exciting times for us. I am even more optimistic about where we can take this great company in the future than I was 90 days ago. I want to share with you why I'm so optimistic. Today, I will also bring you up-to-date on where we are on our BREC recommendations. But first, I want to discuss some of my general observations on the last 90 days. To start, we now have a newly energized leadership team made up of a great combination of experienced CenterPoint executives and external hires. Our management team is now more diverse and brings significantly higher level of utility experience to the table. The team is eager to embark on our new strategy where we can take advantage of industry-leading organic customer growth. We also have greater opportunities to invest more in growing our current rate base. We have all the right pieces to deliver what our investors and our customers want and expect from premium utilities. Throughout the many challenges CenterPoint has had during 2020, our employees have always stepped up. I especially want to thank our frontline crews for going into the field and providing reliable service to our millions of customers every single day. They have done an excellent job in helping the neighboring utilities get back up to speed after multiple storms. During the last quarter, we sent CenterPoint mutual assistant crews as far away as New York, Georgia and Florida, and of course, to Louisiana, where I spent some time with them as they worked in difficult conditions to restore power in hard hit Lake Charles. I am impressed with their dedication to both customers and to maintaining a safe working environment, and I'm very proud of them. Our performance this quarter puts us right where we want to be in terms of delivering within our newly increased 2020 utility guidance range, which we highlighted in our press release this morning. Our focus going forward will be on consistently providing improved utility-driven earnings, and you're going to hear a lot about that today and how we're going to execute and make that happen. In this quarter, I also focused on enhancing our management team. We had several new additions to an already strong performing management team. I am thrilled to have Jason Wells on our team. Jason is well-known to you and brings a sharp intellect, deep industry knowledge and a firm commitment to success. Jason has really hit the ground running, and has been heavily involved with me in finalizing the BREC recommendations and our new strategy. I also brought Tom Webb on board as senior adviser to CenterPoint. Not only is Tom helping us accelerate our implementation of proven utility value drivers, but he is also critical in identifying Jason as our new CFO. With his vast experience in the industry, he has also been instrumental in helping us set CenterPoint on a path to focus on and execute a continuous improvement program, not only as a day-to-day mindset, but also as an ongoing discipline. In addition, we brought in Gregg Knight to join the team. Gregg joined us from National Grid, and he has a proven history of driving excellent customer service. Our company also needs to learn to deal better with adversity. I strongly believe a first-rate management team deals with whatever challenges it confronts and effectively manages through them. No matter if it's COVID, the weather or any other challenge, our organization must learn to confront and overcome any headwinds. In the future, whatever impact these items may have on our business, we will work our way through them, like any good management team would, and deliver consistent results. And our team has truly embraced that mentality. Now let's move on to the update I suspect you were most eager to hear about. As you know, we concluded the Business Review and Evaluation Committee work in October, and provided recommendations to the entire CenterPoint Board. We had a requirement to hold an Analyst Day by the end of Q1 2021, but I did not believe it was fair to shareholders to have you wait until then to hear the outcome of this effort. Therefore, I have accelerated the timing of our Investor Day to December 7, just a few short weeks from now.  We, of course, are clearly eager to introduce our new strategy to you. And while our Investor Day will be full of details on our strategy, I believe it is only right to share with you some of our conclusions this morning. First, increasing capital investment. The most positive and striking outcome from the BREC review is that we are absolutely flush with incremental capital spending opportunities, way, way beyond our prior stated plans. Apart from safety, our #1 goal is, of course, to grow our premium regulated utilities and maximize the advantage of this growth for customers and shareholders. So organic growth opportunities are a great place to start this conversation. One of the most exciting advantages we have at CenterPoint are the organic growth opportunities in our core regulated markets. Consistent organic growth is a luxury most utilities simply do not have. On a rolling 12-month basis, our organic customer growth across our electric utilities was 2.4%, including 33 years of consecutive growth in our Houston territory. This growth highlights what an unappreciated crown jewel we have in both our regulated electric and gas utilities in the Houston area. As you will see, Houston Electric will be one of our main earnings drivers going forward. And even when you include all of our gas distribution utilities, our total company organic growth was over 2%. Now that's pretty amazing, given the diversity of states where we currently operate in. And as you know, organic growth drives incremental demand, which drives the need for significant incremental rate base investment and helps to keep customer rates lower. During the BREC process, we did a complete ground-up review of capital investment opportunities available to CenterPoint. I took the approach that we should look at all available capital investment opportunities without considering balance sheet constraints. Using this ground-up approach allowed us to determine how much we could increase capital spending on both our base regulated business and these great organic growth opportunities. We found increased capital investment opportunities were driven not only by these organic growth opportunities, but the continuing need to harden our grid, take advantage of renewable opportunities and provide safe, reliable and greener energy for our customers. The upshot is we will be able to increase our '21 to '25 capital investment plan by $3 billion to $16 billion. This $3 billion increase spend is now expected to deliver rate base growth of approximately 10% per year. This 10% rate base growth will put us at or near the top of the entire utility industry. Think for a second or two about what $3 billion more in capital spending and a 10% annual rate base growth will do for us. Well, I'll let you do the math for now. It will, of course, provide impressive future earnings growth power and we believe will push us towards the top end of our 5% to 7% guidance basis Utility EPS growth. And that's not all. During the same '21 to '25 time frame, we've identified an additional $1 billion-plus of capital spending opportunities on top of that incremental $3 billion that we can use to even further increase our spend. We will begin to look at spending this additional $1 billion once I am confident we have built up our internal resources to efficiently spend it. So at this point, these additional $1 billion in capital spending opportunities are not even included in our stated 10% rate base growth plan. Second, we're going to add renewables to our portfolio. It is critical that we take advantage of current opportunities to provide renewable energy for our customers. This includes aggressively pushing to build renewable generation outlined within our Indiana IRP, where we now plan on investing $950 million in both wind and solar generation that we will own as a company. This will have the added benefit of providing tax credits to CenterPoint, something that we have not had in the past. We will also be advancing RNG and hydrogen renewables in Minnesota. We are also exploring building new transmission interconnects with renewable generation in other parts of Texas. But more importantly for us in the near term are the renewable generation investment opportunities that are now being built in our Texas service territory. Jason will have more on these great opportunities in a few minutes, and we will share even more details on these exciting additional renewable opportunities with you at our Investor Day. Third, enhancing balance sheet optionality. I would like to share some of our conclusions on how we will finance the $3 billion-plus in additional capital spending opportunities. First, and to eliminate any initial anxiety you may have, I want to immediately emphasize that our plan does not require any block issuance of new equity nor require a reduction to our current earnings per share. To prime the pump on achieving this plan, we plan to sell 1 or 2 of our natural gas LDC utilities. Now, all of our gas LDCs are good assets in constructive regulatory environments and we hate to sell any of them, but a hard capital allocation decision needed to be made, and I made it. The LDC assets we plan to sell are well positioned in the states they operate in and should be attractive to a wide range of buyers. These LDC sales will have the additional benefit of more heavily weighting our portfolio towards growing our regulated electrical utilities. I will not comment on which LDCs we plan to sell today, but we will share more details with you during our upcoming Investor Day. We also value and understand the importance of our ongoing engagement with the rating agencies, an area where both Jason and Tom not only have significant experience but excel. In summary, we expect to finance this increased capital spend with enhanced internal cash flow, restructuring our debt profile, LDC asset sales, a more efficient operating structure and a small amount of routine equity via such things as reinstituting our DRIP, which Jason will discuss in more detail. Fourth, operations and maintenance cost discipline. Over my 20-year career as a CEO, I have worked in very competitive industries. Therefore, cost discipline has always been important to me. This year at CenterPoint, the cost discipline we have implemented has been vital to maintaining our profit guidance as we work through our many challenges. We are now quickly transforming this current year cost discipline mindset into a culture of continuous cost improvement. This is an area where Tom Webb has been invaluable in helping me to accelerate my thinking about how to get more value for less cost year after year. Now that's very doable at CenterPoint. And after having been here only a few months, I believe that Tom fully agrees. So going forward, we plan to deliver a 1% to 2% in O&M reductions every year. And once again, think about what that will do for our earnings profile as this effort will benefit not only our customers but our investors. The most critical part of delivering on these reductions is instituting that can do culture across the entire organization. And I can tell you, we will institute that cultural change at CenterPoint. Fifth, Enable. As you can appreciate, I will only comment on Enable within our prepared remarks and we will not be addressing additional questions. We continue to evaluate Enable options. To do this effectively, we believed it was important to regain strong alignment with OGE regarding our Enable interests. Investors may have noticed OGE's appointment of Luke Corbett to the Enable Board as well as recent commentary from OGE that CenterPoint and OGE are now well aligned in our desire to maximize the value of Enable. Luke has tremendous depth in midstream experience, enjoying CenterPoint's 2 Enable representatives, Al Walker and Bob Gwin. Luke knows Al and Bob well, and we believe these 3 will help Enable determine the best way to maximize stakeholder value. Six, regulatory relationships. I have now personally met with all of our 8 states' regulators, except for Minnesota, where we have an open rate case. Now there's been a perception among investors that we do not have good regulatory relationships at CenterPoint. Nothing could be further from the truth. We operate in business-friendly states and have very strong relationships with our regulators. We enjoy rate mechanisms that greatly reduce regulatory lag, allowing us to efficiently recover on any investments we make. I would also like to point out that despite the commonly held negative view, our results in the Houston Electric rate case earlier this year were in line or actually better than that received by peer utilities in Texas. Now don't get me wrong. I'm not making excuses for the fact that we misread both the depth of our Texas regulatory relationships and the shifting regulatory realities in Texas. That is a fact. I do know that right now, the relationship with the Texas Public Utility Commission is getting better as we have staffed up resources and I spend more time in Austin. Above all, Texas remains an excellent state for regulated investment as do our other premium utilities within the Central United States. It's also important to note that we are earning at or near our allowable returns in almost all of our jurisdictions. Now let me wrap up by saying that I will not be satisfied until we are recognized as a premium utility, one with high organic and rate base growth and a management team that is focused on delivering consistent quarter-over-quarter results, increasing stakeholder value and getting the most out of our assets and people. I look forward to seeing everyone on December 7, and I'm giving investors the chance to see our new management team in action. With that, in a few minutes, I will turn the call over to Jason Wells. Jason will provide additional details on results and delve further into our strategy and upcoming plans. But before we do that, Tom Webb would like to say a few words. So like a blast from the past, here is Tom Webb.
Tom Webb: Thank you, Dave, and my thanks to all of you on our call today. I'm delighted to be a part of CenterPoint as a Senior Adviser, although the title does make me feel a little older. From the day Dave and I met at my home in Michigan over a glass of wine -- well, that's not a surprise to most of you -- I was convinced that his leadership at CenterPoint would make a real difference. My first assignment from Dave was clear, help find a world-class CFO to partner with us. I, too, am thrilled that Jason agreed to join. Dave's vast experience as a CEO and his drive to excel, coupled with Jason's deep utility knowledge and skill, is a perfect stunning match. Dave's assembled a world-class leadership team and established a clear, will make it happen plan. CenterPoint is fortunate to operate in one of the few strong growth markets in the U.S. The team is unlocking powerful CenterPoint strengths. It's impressive. Just 2 of these strengths include points Dave just mentioned, implementing $3 billion of new investment and embracing continuous improvement to raise quality and reduce costs 1% to 2% every year. As we all know, growing revenues and shrinking costs provide valuable customer rate headroom, headroom to fund sector-leading CapEx growth, what a win-win for our customers and you, my old friends, our investors. I look forward to working with Dave and Jason, along with the management team, on this journey, laser-focused on delivering high-end EPS growth every year. We'll sweat the detail, so you don't have to. This commitment to a premier utility business model is not new to me. Anyone can do it. Only premier utility teams do. CenterPoint is positioned now to become one of those admired premium companies. Dave, thank you for allowing me to partner in a small way to deliver extraordinary performance for our customers and investors. I look forward to joining you and our great team at our Analyst Day on December 7. We'll share more insight into the emergence of CenterPoint, moving from legacy issues to consistent premium performance. Jason, it is a real pleasure to partner with you. So over to you.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave and Tom, and thank you to everyone for joining us for our third quarter earnings call. Before I cover the details of the quarter and share some thoughts on our approach to the business going forward, I want to express how excited I am to be part of the team here at CenterPoint. It was clear to me that the company was uniquely positioned to increase and maximize value for all of our stakeholders. The ingredients are all here, starting with premium utilities anchored by one of the fastest-growing cities in our country; an abundance of opportunities to deploy capital to improve our service; and a management team led by Dave, who is absolutely committed to delivering results. And after 6 weeks on the ground, I can tell you I'm even more optimistic today about our future than I was when I started. Now turning to Slide 4. I want to reemphasize some of the key themes Dave just laid out. First, we had strong financial performance across our utilities during the third quarter and on a year-to-date basis, which is giving us confidence to raise the low end of our 2020 guidance range. Second, we now have confidence in our annual rate base growth of 10% for the next 5 years. And finally, that rate base growth provides a solid foundation for earnings per share growth at the high end of our 5% to 7% long-term guidance range. For the quarter, our diluted earnings per share was $0.13. Our third quarter guidance basis Utility EPS was $0.29, as shown on Slide 5. Including Midstream Investments, we delivered $0.34 on a guidance basis, up modestly from analyst estimates. Year-to-date guidance basis Utility EPS stands at $0.95 versus a loss of $2.10 on a GAAP basis, primarily due to midstream impairments recorded earlier in the year. We overcame the COVID-related impacts and the increased share count with customer growth, more favorable than modeled and backed some of our rate cases, O&M reductions, lower tax rates and lower interest expense. Given the strong performance through the third quarter, we are pleased to raise the low end of our utility guidance range and present the revised guidance of $1.12 to $1.20 per share for the full year. Now turning to Slide 6. As Dave has discussed, we have fundamentally reevaluated our focus as part of the BREC process, and I'd like to take a few minutes to highlight our approach to the business going forward. We are fortunate to have sustainable capital investment opportunities. And as you know, that is the fuel for growth in our business. As Dave mentioned, we have plans to invest $16 billion over the next 5 years, which is approximately $3 billion above our previous 2020 through 2024 plan. We will build on this growth opportunity by accelerating our disciplined approach to operational excellence, enhancing the quality of our service for our customers, all while conducting our business more efficiently. We will seek to lower our O&M cost by 1% to 2% a year, couple that with organic customer growth and constructive regulatory environments in our service territories, and we have a simple model that delivers for our customers and you, our investors. Slide 7 provides a little more detail behind our new 5-year CapEx plan of $16 billion. 2/3 of the incremental $3 billion of CapEx is anchored by new investment opportunities in our electric businesses in Houston and Indiana. Presently, we see the opportunity to invest an additional $1 billion over the next 5 years in our Houston Electric business, which will bring us up to about $6 billion for the 2021 through 2025 plan. These opportunities include equipment to support organic customer growth, improving reliability and resiliency, hardening our transmission systems against the increasing frequency and intensity of tropical storms. Dave also mentioned the additional investment needed to support the growth in renewable generators who are building more solar farms in our Houston service territory. There are currently 10 solar projects with an investor green light inside our Houston Electric service territory, and at least twice that number being contemplated. As these projects come to market, they will require significant investment in and expansion of our transmission grid to connect them. In Indiana, we're right in the middle of a major transition from aged coal generation to new cleaner natural gas and greener solar and wind generation. This is a wonderful opportunity to provide our customers with more cost-efficient clean energy compared with upgrading our old coal generation units. We think this will be a win-win for our customers and, again, for our investors. Dave mentioned we would aggressively push to build the IRP outline generation. The new plan has $1.3 billion of planned capital for Indiana generation and includes $950 million of wind and solar to be owned directly to CenterPoint. And for our gas LDCs, we plan to increase our CapEx by approximately $1 billion over last year's 5-year plan, driven by the continued focus to modernize our systems, replacing old vintage transmission and distribution pipes. These are large important projects that we believe will advance the safety and efficiency of our systems. In total, these capital investments will result in long-term annual rate base growth of approximately 10%, which is at the top of our industry. The confidence in this level of annual rate base growth gives us clear line of sight to growing utility earnings per share on a guidance basis at the high end of our 5% to 7% range. And remember, none of this includes the additional $1 billion-plus in opportunities we have on top of this $16 billion capital investment plan. Turning to Slide 8. Part of our capital investment plan includes improving our quality of service and reducing O&M cost by a target of about 1% to 2% each year. We are on track to deliver over a 1% reduction in O&M this year, and we will strive to find new ways to continuously improve our processes, resulting in better quality, delivery and cost. Building on what Dave and Tom have discussed, our cost reduction efforts will include using advanced technologies like increasing the use of drones, automation and machine learning with our offices and call centers. Further, imagine being able to spend less time rolling our trucks out the door each morning because we are better prepared with the right equipment, parts and tools that permit us to do our job on time and get it right the first time. Our quality goes up and our cost decrease. Implementing new technology and processes sounds easy, but it's not. Improving these processes will be good for our customers and our investors. Where Dave spoke of organic customer growth, I am a personal example of that growth. The draw to an affordable business-friendly state is strong for many people living in other parts of the country as it was for me. The customer growth we have in Houston is unrivaled. As you can see on Slide 9, we have over 2% customer growth year-over-year. This organic growth is not unique to the last 12 months. Even with the impact of COVID, periodic ups and downs in the energy sector or the financial crisis, our Houston service territory has continued to grow for over 3 decades. As Dave mentioned, we are spending more time with our regulators so that we are coordinated in bringing higher quality, reliable service to our customers. Here, too, we are fortunate that our regulators and legislators are forward-thinking to provide mechanisms to minimize the regulatory lag between capital investment and recovery, which we've highlighted on Slide 10. Whether it's our ability to recover storm-related expenses or manage bad debt during the pandemic, our regulators have worked with us to find the right solutions for our customers and for our investors. We're also fortunate to work in states that understand the importance of natural gas as a cleaner, more affordable energy source for our customers, and several have either passed or introduced legislation to prevent local ordinances banning the use of natural gas and new building codes as we've seen on some of the coasts. This model summarized on Slide 11 is available across the utility sector. It's simple. The best utilities use it. They apply it well. Starting today, we will too. Capital investment growth provides EPS growth. And recall, our annual investment over the next 5 years is expected to be $3 billion above our prior plan. Our strong focus on cost reductions and service territory with growing sales provides substantial headroom for our customer-driven capital investment. That's what makes such large investment programs to improve the quality of our service for our customers sustainable over years to come. We are also laser-focused on efficiently and sustainably financing these investments for our customers and our shareholders. We plan on financing this new investment with incremental authorized levels of operating company debt; a small amount of routine equity from reinstating our dividend reinvestment plan; and beginning in 2022, introducing a small annual aftermarket equity issuance program. Overall, we anticipate growing into an annual issuance of approximately $75 million in incremental equity through highly efficient programs by 2022. This modest level of equity will help us maintain a strong balance sheet with ample access to low-cost financing. In addition, as Dave mentioned, we are exploring a potential sale of 1 or 2 of our gas LDC businesses to efficiently raise the capital for our growth while preserving balance sheet health and to simplify our service territories. We'll go into this in much more detail with you at our Investor Day on December 7. Before I wrap up to take questions, let me share 2 more important points. Dave is instilling a commitment to consistent strong EPS growth every year throughout the management team and the organization. During the year, good and bad things will occur every quarter, every month, as has become more evident given the events of 2020. It's our job, the job of management, to deal with that change and to deliver to you, our investors, consistent earnings growth. We manage the business so you don't have to worry and capitalize on opportunities to reinvest surpluses to accelerate planned improvements for our customers. For example, if the weather was favorable to earnings, we could accelerate tree trimming to improve customer reliability even faster than planned. Our job includes maximizing service for our customers and delivering the high end of our 5% to 7% EPS growth range for our investors. Dave and I thank you for your patience, your time and interest in us. And now, Dave has a few closing remarks.
David Lesar: Thanks, Jason. My final remarks will be short. They are really just the headlines I want you to take away from today. First, we are on the launch pad and about to unleash our strategy for accelerating our earnings results at CenterPoint. Next, we have industry-leading rate base growth opportunities, driven by $3 billion in incremental spend above our prior plans. In addition, we have more than $1 billion in capital to spend on top of those opportunities. We are aligned around maximizing the value of Enable. We can execute our plan with no block issuance of equity. We plan to sell 1 to 2 of our LDCs to help finance our capital spend. We are committed to better cost control. We're going to become a larger player in renewables. We will manage the business so you don't have to worry. And we plan to earn at the high end of our expected range of 5% to 7%. And without a doubt, I can't wait to show you how all this fits together on December 7.
David Mordy: Thank you, Dave. We will now take questions until 9:00 Eastern. As our prepared remarks covered both the quarter and the BREC updates, we have a bit less time for questions, so I'll ask you to limit yourself to one question. But rest assured, we will cover a lot more of your questions during the CEI conference and on December 7. Maria?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Congrats on a great quarter. Also, Jason, best of luck at the new job. You are moving to a city that has a professional football team with more wins than -- or the same amount of wins as both of our New York teams, so good luck there. Just quickly, the CapEx raise is quite impressive. If you could give us some clarity on how much of that CapEx is maybe rider-eligible or any approvals required for it, and if anything requires a rate case? And then I have one follow-up.
David Lesar: Yes. Thanks for the comment. And yes, even our football team isn't all that great here either though, by the way. But I'll let Jason answer the question.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thank you, Anthony. It's great to be here. And I would say, just shy of $2.5 billion of that incremental CapEx that we've described is rider-eligible. I think we are very fortunate to work in very constructive regulatory jurisdictions that provide for capital recovery on a timely basis. And so as I said, about $2.5 billion -- just shy of $2.5 billion of that is rider-eligible. Just a little bit more than $0.5 billion will be dependent upon additional approvals in Indiana related to our generation plan that I described in our prepared remarks.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Just quickly, if you could bridge the gap between the really strong rate base growth of 10% and the 5% to 7% EPS CAGR. Is that just some additional parent interest expense? I was wondering if you can give clarity on that.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thank you for the question. We are focused on narrowing that delta over time. I think you hit on 1 of probably 2 of the larger drivers. First, let me kind of cover, while we -- while I highlighted some of the constructive regulatory mechanisms that we have to recover our capital investment timely, there is still a small lag in certain jurisdictions. So for example, in Houston, for Houston Electric, we were able to file for incremental recovery of our capital investment on the distribution side annually. On the transmission side, we're able to file twice a year, but that small little lag provide some of -- or causes some of that leakage. The second item that I'd point to is exactly what you highlighted. We do have some parent company debt that is kicking off some interest expense that's not recoverable from customers and contributing to that delta. We are focused, though, on addressing that -- the parent company debt as part of the comprehensive set of BREC recommendations. And so over time, we would see that delta beginning to narrow.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just lastly, I guess, for Dave, I appreciate the clarity on how you're going to fund the CapEx, mentioning selling 1 or 2 LDCs. Just curious right now, I think the LDC multiple has really contracted over the last 12 months. Do you see that recovering? Or do you view it as -- are you selling at a low? Just curious on that, and that's all I have.
David Lesar: No. I don't think we're selling at a low. When it becomes apparent which LDCs we're going to put in the market, I think you will recognize that there are not only a group of financial buyers that will look at them, but strategic buyers in those states that will be interested in them. So I'm not concerned at all that we're selling at a low.
Jason Wells: I think it's also important, if I could add as well, sort of the difference of operating sort of big continent. There's been a lot of focus on the coasts around local ordinances banning natural gas and new building codes, but what we're seeing in a number of the states that we have the privilege to serve is that states have either passed or in the process of proposing legislation to ban those local ordinances. So we are fortunate to serve communities that prioritize the clean nature of natural gas. And I think that, that will be recognized by the universe of potential buyers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just one primary and then just a quick follow-up. Just getting a little bit more in the weeds on the $1 billion incremental spend, what's sort of the trigger point to put them in plan? How do you sort of plan to file for the incremental spend? And assuming you guys will be able to utilize your trackers, so a little bit more detail there, Dave, if it's okay? And then on the $3 billion increase, anything coming from your other states outside of Indiana and Texas? So anything being sourced in Oklahoma or Arkansas per se?
David Lesar: It sounds like you're trying to get us to tell what LDCs I'd have for sale. I'm not going to bite -- take the bait and bite it.
Shahriar Pourreza: You're good, Dave. You're good. You're good.
David Lesar: I think to answer the first part of the question, the incremental $1 billion on top of the $3 billion that we talked about, it's a pretty heavy ramp-up in capital spend. And clearly, you need to want to make sure you're spending it efficiently. And it really is a matter of getting onboard the engineering resources, the construction management resources and things like that, that you need to be able to efficiently spend it. So as soon as I'm confident that resource is onboard, we'll take a look at pulling the trigger on that stuff.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just since you mentioned the LDC sales, just curious, and sorry, I have to ask, but where are you kind of in the process? Are you going to be in a position to announce a transaction on the 7th? Do you have buyers kind of already there? And then should we really be thinking about this as a sale versus maybe an asset swap with another counterpart?
David Lesar: No, I think the answer is no. We won't have a sale to announce on the 7th. We clearly will share with you which LDCs we have -- that we're going to be putting in the market, and then you can sort of extrapolate from there what the potential buyer universe will look like. But I think back to the sort of the prior question, to maximize the value on these things, you want to go through a very rational and direct sales process. And it's not something we have to hurry. We have the luxury of time here, and we might as well take it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven Fleishman: Had a little dj vu listening to this call, if you know what I mean, Tom, in a good way. And -- but just my question is back to the one about the difference between the 10% rate base growth and the 7% high-end earnings growth. Are you incorporating in there things like some potential, the loss of earnings if you sell 1 or 2 LDCs? And then also the, I guess, potential for some need to reallocate parent debt if something ends up changing on Enable? Is that kind of embedded? And is that part of the difference there? Or would that be something incremental we need to kind of address?
David Lesar: No. I think, Steve, I'll let Jason sort of handle the back end of the question. But to be clear, we do not expect to take a step back in our earnings per share as we put these LDCs in the market. That's why, in my view, O&M cost control is so critical in this because it sort of would be crazy to take a big step back in your earnings per share to get the opportunity to set of goose your earnings going forward. So I think the plan we put in place is a pretty rational one. Next year's earnings will be driven off whatever this year's actual is, and we'll sort of control things from there. I'll look to Jason to sort of address the second part of the question, but I think he did hit on it earlier. The gap between the rate base growth and the earnings growth will close over time.
Jason Wells: Yes, Steve. Obviously, I won't recover what I provided earlier. I will say though that as we were looking at this plan and evaluating our confidence in achieving the high end of our stated long-term growth range, we did incorporate things like, obviously, the scenarios around Enable. I'm reticent to go any deeper today. Obviously, we'll provide more of an update on our Analyst Day there, but the confidence we have in achieving the high end of that earnings growth range does incorporate our considerations around Enable. It does incorporate smaller things like the loss of the equity return on the securitization bonds at Houston Electric. And so sort of coming back at the central theme that we shared as part of the prepared remarks, it's our job as the management team to address any of the headwinds that we see in our business. And as we've shared with you our confidence in achieving the high end of the range, we've taken into consideration some of those smaller moving parts.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Let me just make this -- absolutely. If I can pick it up off of Steve's question a little bit further, just can you clearly define to us just what the base EPS is for this 5% to 7% just to make sure we're all on the same page? And then separately, as you think about the trajectory here, you've got some earlier dilution if you think about '20 and '21. As you think about pushing this CAGR forward in subsequent years, how do you narrow that gap between the 10% and the 5% to 7%? Does that make sense?
David Lesar: Yes. And those are perfectly teed up questions for Jason because he and I have talked about this about 100 times since he's been onboard.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien, for the questions. In terms of the growth from here forward, it really is on the utility guidance basis range of $1.12 to $1.20 per share. Given where we are in the year, I think it's likely that we end the year right at or slightly above the midpoint of that revised guidance range. And so I'd use that as the factor to grow earnings on a 7% basis going forward. In terms of confidence in the ability to deliver the 7% range, we still continue -- as I've indicated a couple of times, have confidence of our ability to address some of that drag. Part of our plans coming out of the BREC is to restructure the balance sheet. We have been issuing parent company debt to fund operating company debt needs. We will address that over time, reduce some of the leakage from that excess interest expense, as I said. And taking advantage of those opportunities will help us grow to that -- and deliver that 7% EPS growth range.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And the top end there assumes earning your ROEs across all the utilities?
Jason Wells: We are targeting we earn at or slightly below all of our operating company ROEs. There is -- as I've indicated a couple of times, there is a small delay in capital recovery. These are very constructive mechanisms that allow us to layer in that incremental expense, but there is some time delay with that. And so as a result, there are periodically small differences in our allowed return. But I think it's important to know that we sort of operate the business on a portfolio basis and across all the utilities are -- assuming that we earn the allowed return on equity sort of across the enterprise over that time period.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. Actual '20 for the starting point for 7?
Jason Wells: Right.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim of Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Congratulations, Jason, on the appointment. Just a question on Enable, on the timing of that. I know the process is ongoing, but by December 7, they're -- if it's not December 7, is there any broad range of time line where we could get an update on what that strategic review would entail for Enable?
Jason Wells: Insoo, I appreciate the question. I know it's top of mind for our investors. We aren't going to comment in any further detail on today's call with respect to Enable. What I will just reiterate is some of the comments that Dave shared in his prepared remarks that we are pleased with the alignment with OGE. We are focused on addressing Enable, but for purposes of today's call, we're not going to go into any greater level of detail with respect to the timing of that transaction.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And whether something happens or doesn't happen or some combination, your Utility EPS growth rate, that should remain unchanged as a result of any of those actions?
Jason Wells: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein of Crdit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Good to see you again, Tom. What regulatory strategy are you guys planning to achieve -- planning to help achieve close to 7% EPS growth, considering 1% to 2% annual O&M decreases? Do you plan multiyear rate plans across jurisdictions? How are you going to keep customer bills in that below inflation zone?
Jason Wells: From a rate case standpoint, this is really taking advantage of the constructive mechanisms in these states. We are focused on delivering results that are consistent with our allowed return as long as we stay and earn that -- our allowed return. We have the opportunity to fold in this incremental capital on an annual, semiannual basis, as I've alluded to. And so the incremental depreciation that will come from this will help sort of offset a little bit of the O&M reduction so that we stay at and earn the allowed returns and have the opportunity to continue to deploy this incremental capital and take advantage of these constructive regulatory mechanisms. And so from a procedural standpoint, this is sort of squarely in line with how our regulators have set up these systems. Sort of more broadly as it relates to customer rates, we're very attuned to impact of the cost of our service for our customers and our communities we have the privilege to serve. I think all in, we're looking at growing our rates in line with inflation. There might be periodic deviations from that, but over time, we see the opportunity to grow our rates in each of the states, generally in line with inflation. That's really driven by those factors that I discussed, the fact that we've got growth in the majority of the states we serve, that we have O&M discipline around our cost structure. And so that helps balance that incremental capital investment that we shared with you this morning.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Just if you can -- to the extent you can, the comment on 1 to 2 gas LDCs, is that predominantly -- should that -- should we think about it predominantly driven by sort of you trying to bridge the financing gap in the plan? Or is it that you've identified 2 gas LDCs which are nonstrategic and don't fit into your long term portfolio, and that's how you're going about it? Appreciate any color you could share there.
David Lesar: Yes. It's really the former. I mean we like all our gas businesses, as Jason has said a number of times. They're in constructive markets. Our gas businesses make good returns. And they're certainly an integral part of our portfolio, but it was really taking the approach that I aligned in the -- in my prepared comments, which is how much can we spend in what we really want to focus on for the future, which is our regulated business in our bigger states with a bias toward electric, and how much can we spend on those and where can we go find the capital to make those required investments. So it was really threading the needle. I almost think about it as a backward integration of an equation. How much can we spend? And therefore, what do we need to go find in terms of cash flow? And where do we find it? And that's going to drive and has driven the conclusion as to which LDCs we're going to sell.
Jason Wells: Durgesh, if I -- some of Dave's thoughts on sort of the capital allocation standpoint. We believe we should be trading as a premium utility given industry-leading growth we have line of sight to, given the constructive jurisdictions we have the privilege to serve. We recognize that's the case. That isn't the case today, but we plan to get there over time as we deliver on the strategy that we've outlined today. But recognizing we're not there today, and to Dave's point in terms of priming the pump on this capital investment plan, we see the opportunity to sell 1 to 2 gas LDCs at well north of 1.5x rate base -- to reinvest those proceeds at 1x rate base without losing any earnings power of the company. That gives us time then to grow into that modest amount of equity that we've outlined on today's call, that we will issue on a highly efficient basis to keep our balance sheet strong and minimize any overhang from a fear of a dilutive equity block in the future. And so we -- it really is, as Dave has said, it's sort of priming the pump in a very capital-efficient way to grow our regulated utility businesses.
David Lesar: Yes. I guess I would just sort of add one more editorial comment in that when we went through the process of looking at how much capital we could spend here and it became very apparent very quickly that there was a lot more upside here, especially in and around our core regulated businesses, it was like, okay, you're going to be crazy not to spend that money, but you'd also be crazy not to -- or to fund it with equity because your shareholders, at the end of the day, don't benefit from that. So it was sort of an easy extrapolation then to say you got to sell something that you have to be able to fund that. That's a tough -- it wasn't an easy decision. It's tough to decide which one to do, but that's what you pay us for. And we made that decision. We'll share it with you on our Analyst Day. But I think the upshot is it's going to be a great outcome not only for CenterPoint, but our customers and, more importantly, our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet of JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to turn to Slide 7 here and dig in a little bit more. Can you provide more of a breakdown on the components of your $3 billion CapEx increase here? And kind of what's the timing and cadence of generation investments here? And are there any other large projects in your plan we should be thinking about?
Jason Wells: We're going to be sharing a lot more detail around this CapEx plan at the Analyst Day, but let me kind of just give you a little bit of color today. I think outside of the generation plan in Indiana, the CapEx plan that we're highlighting here is really made up of a series of smaller sort of routine project. I think a classic example of that is targeting sort of the low voltage transmission lines in and around the Houston area, our 69kV lines. It's about a 10-year placement plan that provides us sort of certainty for ongoing kind of capital investment. And so I would say, again, outside of the generation plant in Indiana, these are a series of routine and sort of repetitive programs. We will definitely be sharing a lot more detail with you at the upcoming Analyst Day.
David Mordy: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I know we didn't get to all of the questions today, but I want to encourage everyone to reach out to us. We're here to help you understand our strategy and the potential of what we've laid out today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, CEO; and Kristie Colvin, Interim CFO and CAO, will discuss our second quarter 2020 results and provide highlights on other key areas.  Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, including weather, regulatory actions, the economy and unemployment, commodity prices, the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. We will also discuss guidance for 2020 in two components. In summary, the utility EPS guidance range includes net income from our utility segments as well as after-tax operating income from the Corporate and Other segment. This guidance range considers operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings, as noted in our earnings release. The guidance range also reflects dilution and earnings as if the Series C preferred stock were issued as common stock, and incorporates our COVID-19 scenario ranges, which Kristie will discuss further in her remarks. Utility EPS guidance range also assumes an allocation of corporate overhead based upon its relative earnings contribution. Utility EPS guidance excludes midstream investments EPS range, results related to our recent divestitures and cost and impairment resulting from the sale of these businesses, certain expenses associated with merger integration and Business Review and Evaluation Committee activities, severance costs, earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities and changes in accounting standards. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider the items noted above and other potential impacts, including unusual items, which could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. We also provide guidance for midstream investments, which takes into account, among other things, the outlook provided by Enable on their earnings call. For further information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance during today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. I'd like to call your attention to our upcoming corporate responsibility report, which we anticipate publishing later this year. In addition to carbon reduction efforts, the report will highlight employee and supplier diversity and inclusion, COVID-19 risk management, governance, safety and more. Before Dave begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Finally, I will note that in contrast with previous conference calls, slides should be considered supplemental materials, and are not paced with the upcoming remarks. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. First, I'd like to say how excited I am to be leading CenterPoint Energy, and I'm honored by the trust the Board has placed in me. Additionally, I'd like to thank all of our operations personnel for their unwavering commitment and tireless efforts, delivering on CenterPoint's brand promise of being always there for our customers during these unique and challenging times presented by COVID-19. In my first 30 days, I've tried to hit the ground running. And I can tell you that I am greatly energized about the future of this company. Before I provide my remarks,  I'm going to pass it off to Kristie to cover a brief business and financial overview of our second quarter results. Kristie?
Kristie Colvin: Thank you, Dave, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by highlighting the strong second quarter results from our utility operations. As you saw from our news release earlier today, we reported earnings of $0.11 per diluted share on a GAAP basis for the second quarter. On a guidance basis, our utilities delivered $0.18 per diluted share for the quarter, which include $0.06 of negative impacts associated with COVID-19. The COVID-19 impact was driven primarily by lower natural gas and electric usage and miscellaneous revenues. In spite of that, our utilities continued to deliver outstanding results. And we are reiterating our 2020 guidance basis Utility EPS range of $1.10 to $1.20 per share and expected 5% to 7% five-year guidance basis utility EPS CAGR, even with the negative impacts of our COVID-19 scenario range. I will provide a more detailed review of the quarterly performance drivers and COVID-19 impacts later in the call. Underpinning our utility's strong performance this quarter was robust customer growth, disciplined O&M management and execution of our regulatory strategy. We also deployed over $600 million of utility capital investment during the quarter to support system safety and integrity as well as modernization and load growth. On the regulatory front, we received approval for over $40 million of increased incremental annual revenue, largely as a result of our capital recovery mechanisms within the Houston Electric and Texas Gas jurisdictions. In addition, we now have the ability to recover certain incremental expenses associated with COVID-19, including bad debt across all jurisdictions. Also during the quarter, we completed the sale of Energy Services and Infrastructure Services. Proceeds from these sales, along with our May equity issuance, were used to primarily pay down parent-level debt. Additionally, CERC received a ratings upgrade at Moody's as a result of the improved business risk profile, positioning CERC as a pure-play regulated natural gas LDC. These transactions highlight our successful execution of a utility-focused strategy designed to improve CenterPoint Energy's business risk profile and strengthen the balance sheet, providing a firm platform to capture our robust utility capital investment opportunity across diversified jurisdictions with favorable regulatory constructs. I would now like to review the quarter-over-quarter utility operations guidance basis EPS drivers. On a guidance basis, utility operations delivered $0.18 per diluted share, which includes $0.06 of negative impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic, compared to $0.23 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2019. This quarter benefited from rate relief, largely as a result of capital recovery mechanisms in our Indiana, Ohio and Texas Gas jurisdictions, along with the implementation of interim rates in Minnesota. Lower O&M expenses continued strong organic customer growth, primarily in Houston and along the Texas Coast, as well as net interest expense savings, primarily driven by paying down parent-level debt, were also beneficial to the quarter. Offsetting these positive variances were lower usage and miscellaneous revenues as a result of COVID-19, along with higher income tax expense, depreciation and amortization and other tax expense and lower equity return, primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges. Now let me provide a little color on the COVID-19 impacts experienced during the quarter. Because of COVID-19, we saw declines in demand from commercial businesses like bars, restaurants and other retail as well as some of our small industrial customers. On the flip side, residential usage was up because people are staying at home. We experienced declines in other revenues and associated fees across the Indiana Electric and natural gas jurisdictions. Though bad debt exposure has increased, we don't believe it has had a significant impact on liquidity, and we anticipate our exposure will be mitigated by regulatory recovery. In aggregate, we estimate that COVID-19 impacts reduced guidance basis Utility EPS by $0.06 for the quarter. Let me highlight what has changed from our original COVID-19 assumptions laid out on the first quarter earnings call. We originally assumed these lower levels of demand would gradually decrease after April and will return to normal levels by September. As we now know, the state of Texas is currently experiencing a spike in cases after reopening, so the lower level of demand continued through the second quarter. For purposes of our full year 2020 guidance, we have adjusted our COVID-19 assumptions to account for the reduced demand experienced in the second quarter as the peak with an anticipated prolonged period of lower demand and reduced miscellaneous revenues. And based on what we are seeing right now, we anticipate another $0.04 to $0.09 of negative impacts to guidance basis Utility EPS for the remainder of the year. However, if the pandemic gets worse or if Texas or our other jurisdictions shutdown again, that range could be higher. There are a few key factors that are expected to mitigate our current updated forecasts of full year COVID-19 impacts, such as: continued robust organic growth in Texas; more favorable-than-model impacts from rate cases; disciplined O&M management; and interest savings. Additionally, our guidance assumptions continue to reflect the anticipated deferral and recovery of incremental COVID-19 expenses, including bad debt. To the extent actual results deviate from these COVID-19 scenario assumptions or the mitigating factors don't offset the anticipated impacts, our projected full year guidance range may change. And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Kristie. If you look at CenterPoint Energy objectively, you see a company that is reaffirming its annual guidance basis Utility EPS and five-year CAGR despite the impact of our COVID-19 scenario range. You also see a company with a great regulated asset base and with attractive opportunities to invest more capital across its premier jurisdictions. This is especially true for our larger service areas in Texas, Indiana and Minnesota. For example, Texas continues to experience top-tier organic growth, and is a place we expect future robust capital investment opportunities. Given our footprint, the opportunity for continued investment and inherent organic growth and comparing this to where our peers trade, I believe our share price is too low and trades at an unreasonable discount. Now after speaking with many of you in the short time I've been here, I believe I have a better understanding for the reasons why this discount exists. You believe we have let you down, and it's certainly my job to address those issues that concern you as we move forward. I can tell you, we take very seriously our commitment to be good stewards of your investment. And I realize our obligations are to maximize shareholder value. There are many ways to achieve this objective, and we are committed to a thorough review. Before I address my approach, I want to confirm a few things. First, I want to reiterate our 2020 guidance basis Utility EPS range of $1.10 to $1.20 per share and an expected 5% to 7% five-year guidance basis Utility EPS CAGR, both despite the impact of our COVID-19 scenario range. Next, we will continue to review regulated capital investment opportunities with an eye toward improving and optimizing our capital allocation process as we move forward with our $13 billion five-year capital investment plan. This will include the exciting opportunity to potentially own a larger share of the proposed renewable resources in our new Integrated Resource Plan investment in Indiana. Confidence in our growth projections are supported by the fact that we have assets and regulated utilities in business-friendly states with organic growth opportunities and, therefore, significant opportunity to grow in the future by investing additional capital. For example, one of our premier utilities, Houston Electric, has been consistently adding customers for not years, but decades. It has a three-decade long annualized residential customer growth rate of 2%, including in the most recent quarter during the pandemic, where amazingly, we saw a 2.6% year-over-year residential customer growth, even with the impacts of COVID-19. Organic growth is anticipated to continue to drive the need for future prudent capital investments. In addition, our natural gas distribution business continued to experience year-over-year customer growth primarily in our Texas and Minnesota jurisdictions. The growth in the natural gas business is anticipated to require investments in our utility business at current or even greater rates for at least the next decade. In Indiana, we see potential to invest capital, and simultaneously upgrade our generation to continue to meaningfully reduce our environmental impact. We are eager to find opportunities to build renewables ourselves, and we'll be examining tax and other financial and operational considerations as we make the determination on who builds that generation. Overall, we have a tremendous level of regulatory investment runway ahead of us. In addition, we will continue to review every dollar of our spending and drive to earn at or near our allowed ROEs across all of our jurisdictions. I'm getting a lot of questions from shareholders on our Business Review and Evaluation Committee. So let's talk about that next. three months ago, we formed the Business Review and Evaluation Committee called the BREC, with a mandate of assisting the full Board in evaluating and optimizing CenterPoint Energy's various businesses, assets and ownership interest, all centralized around unlocking and creating value. In addition to being the CEO, I am also pleased to chair this committee. The BREC has met four times since its formation, and we will meet again next week. I am driving a process at the BREC, dedicated to thoroughly assessing opportunities we have to maximize value for all of our stakeholders. I can clearly tell you that nothing is off the table in the BREC review process. But in the meantime, we believe it is prudent to take advantage of any opportunity we determine might help us become more efficient or enhance stakeholder value while the BREC continues its work. I will mention a couple of those areas in a few minutes. Let me highlight a few of the BREC areas of focus to date. First, efficient cost control. The company is making great strides in this area and will continue to be steadfast on its O&M focus to support long-term EPS growth and capital investment. But like any company, this is an area where we can incrementally improve our efficiency, and I believe that disciplined cost management is something we need to continue to keep top of mind in all that we do. Second, rebuilding regulatory relationships. In my first 30 days as CEO, I've met with the Chairman of the Texas Railroad Commission, which regulates the Texas natural gas business; all members of the Texas Public Utility Commission, which regulates our Texas electric business; four out of five of the Public Utility Commissioners in Indiana, which covers both the electric and natural gas businesses; as well as the governor of Indiana. And I currently have plans to visit the leaders of the commissions in the other states in the next couple of weeks. Building new relationships and helping regulators and officials understand the vital role we play and the investments necessary to better serve our customers will be a priority of mine, not just something we focus on when a rate case is near. So I believe we are off to a good start in this area in building our relationships. Third, proper business alignment. We are looking at the business configuration across all of CenterPoint Energy's businesses to identify opportunities for additional efficiencies. A direct result of this was the decision to combine the two electric businesses into one business unit, which was announced earlier this week. We expect the combination of these two complementary businesses will better align our resources and further support our efforts to streamline operations, leverage O&M efficiencies and maximize the skill set of our human capital, all of which we believe will ultimately drive value for our stakeholders. This is an example of my previous comment, demonstrating that we are not waiting to take action until the BREC completes its work, if we see an opportunity to currently make our operations more efficient. Fourth, evaluating Enable options. Traditionally, our representatives on the Enable Board have been the CenterPoint CEO and CFO. I really did not think maintaining that status quo was the right approach. This is why we made the appointment of Al Walker and Bob Gwin as our representatives to the Enable Board of Directors, which was also announced earlier this week. Both former Anadarko Petroleum senior executives, Al and Bob are highly accomplished and qualified leaders who bring extensive energy industry experience, financial acumen, transaction experience, deep knowledge about MLPs and a long history of value creation. Consistent with our goal to take actions that we believe will strengthen CenterPoint Energy's long-term performance, these appointments allow our CenterPoint Energy management team to focus on driving regulated utility value while Al and Bob focus on driving the value from our Enable investment. This is another example of seizing an opportunity in front of us while the BREC completes its work. While I know there is great interest in Enable, I do not intend to discuss CenterPoint Energy stake and Enable any further in this call. Fifth, operations and financial peer group performance review. The BREC has also taken a deep dive across all business units, reviewing key operational and financial metrics in comparison to our peers. And I can say that we are in pretty good shape, running an efficient business that is near or in the top quartile in operational performance with outstanding comparative scores and customer satisfaction rates versus our peers. But I also believe this is an area where we can always get better. For example, if we are top quartile, then why can't we strive to be top decile? Now unfortunately, the financial comparisons are not as good. As you all know, when looking at our financial metrics versus peers, we clearly lag the group. That's a fact. That's why we're so focused on trying to understand all of the factors that go into our equity discount and working to address them head on. Sixth, assessment of nonregulated businesses. Because we are rapidly moving the company to a pure-play regulated utility, we currently are assessing the remaining nonregulated businesses. Seven, the role of renewables in our portfolio. This is another area we are giving a lot of attention. The recently filed Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP, in Indiana is focused heavily on renewables and would significantly transform our generation mix in a short period of time, providing an avenue to potentially capitalize on the favorable tax treatment around renewables. We are also really excited about a pilot program starting next year in Minnesota, which is expected to convert renewable energy to hydrogen that will then be blended with our natural gas supply. And finally, the BREC is focusing on optimizing our financial flexibility by assessing the makeup of our balance sheet, borrowing capacity and overall capital structure. Unlike many utilities, CenterPoint Energy has numerous incremental, prudent capital investment opportunities, and we are working hard on our ability to efficiently raise capital. We believe the optimal outcome is a long-term capital structure that allows us to grow the business beyond our forecasted long-term earnings growth rate. We have engaged a financial advisor to help us with this important effort. Now as a reminder, our formal time line is for the BREC to provide recommendations to the Board in October. And we will then hold an Analyst Day by the end of the first quarter of 2021. I can tell you I'm really eager to host our Analyst Day, and I will continue to keep investors up to speed at the appropriate time on progress we make between now and then. Because the work at the BREC is a business-sensitive and ongoing process and there are so many moving parts to the effort, this is all I'm going to say today about BREC activities. Because of this, as I'm sure you can all understand, I cannot take any questions on BREC activities in today's call. I have also spent time evaluating employee strengths, and have already made various leadership and organizational changes in the past month. The next big step is solidifying the executive team by hiring a permanent CFO. Building a high-performing team with the right skill set will position us to build on our strong regulated utility assets and help us execute our strategy. Having once been a CFO, I know how important it is to have a CFO with a complementary skill set to the CEO and the rest of the management team. I used my first few weeks to determine the desired CFO skill set I am looking for, and the external search process has now started. I've also received direct and frank investor feedback regarding your view on the misalignment around our compensation program and shareholder interest. I strongly believe good governance and proper alignment of management compensation in tandem with shareholder interest is critical. I discussed your feedback at our recent Board meeting and am committed to reviewing our program with your feedback in mind. We look forward to continued engagement with our investors on this important topic. So as you can see, we have a lot going on. I believe many good things are happening in our company. And I can tell you, we start from a really good place. We have a large regulated asset base across diversified, growing premium jurisdictions, all with plenty of room to invest and increase our rate base. But the bottom line is, I'm disappointed at our current equity discount. Our task is really simple. We need to run this company efficiently, fix what isn't working and get more out of our existing assets, people and jurisdictions. We must consistently live up to our commitments and continue to get your feedback. And finally, we have to simplify the CenterPoint Energy story. Now I've hit on a lot today. So before we go into questions, let me summarize what I hope you take away from the call today. First, I'm really excited to be here, and our management team is energized about our direction and the path forward. We are addressing our challenges head on. Next, we are reiterating our 2020 guidance basis Utility EPS, even burdened with the $0.10 to $0.15 per diluted share of full year anticipated impacts of our COVID-19 scenario range. We are reiterating our targeted 5% to 7% five-year guidance basis Utility EPS CAGR. Unlike many of our peers, CenterPoint Energy has regulated businesses in large markets with organic growth opportunities and lots of potential to invest capital. Given that, I believe we will continue to weather the COVID-19 storm as well as anyone. As CEO of CenterPoint Energy and Chairman of the BREC, I take our obligation to maximize value for all of our stakeholders very seriously. Our utility-focused strategy is clear. And we remain focused on getting the most out of our regulated assets as efficiently as possible, and we will continue to assess all of our options. In my view, the CEO owns the shareholder relationship, and I will work hard to restore shareholder confidence. Once we regain your confidence and you see that we are not only making the hard near-term decisions to enhance stakeholder value, at the same time, we are taking nothing off the table in the BREC review, I believe that confidence will be reflected in our share price. Thank you, and let me turn the call back over to Dave Mordy.
David Mordy: Thank you, Dave. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Today, we shared with you where we are with the BREC at this point. As Dave mentioned, because the BREC is an ongoing Board-driven process slated to conclude in October and followed-up by an Analyst Day, we will not be taking any additional questions on the BREC. Regina?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys. So congrats on the quarter. I mean, obviously, you pushed the COVID assumptions out to year-end and still reiterated the 2020 guide and your 5% to 7% trajectory. So you have an Indiana IRP proposal, which looks to generate a meaningful increase versus the prior iteration. Can we talk about sort of the Capex updates and mainly focusing on the moving pieces for 2021 to '24? And it's a solid plan. So what could provide upside to this as we think about further capital growth opportunities that could maybe be accretive to your 5% to 7%? And I have a follow-up on strategy.
Dave Lesar: Sure. Well, thanks for the compliment. I appreciate it. I want to congratulate our team for the quarter. They did a great job. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have lots of upside beyond the capital plan that we have out there right now. If you look at the organic growth in Texas, you look at opportunities we have in Minnesota, you look at the IRP plant in Indiana, that to me is why making sure that we're doing proper capital allocation is so important. Because we have the luxury of having more opportunities in front of us than, at this point, we can fund. And therefore, we have to figure out a way to efficiently fund them and be able to drive continued growth. And at some point in time, obviously, as we said in the call, we'd like to up our growth projections going forward, and that's what we would anticipate to do.
Shar Pourreza: Great. That's great. That sort of just touched on the fundamentals remain really strong. And just kind of sort of a two small part strategic question here, if I may. Dave, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned "nothing is off the table," which is a bit of a widening of the language from prior management's comments. So are you saying that BREC could also be looking at corporate M&A opportunities versus a stand-alone initiative? Then I just have a quick follow-up to that.
David Mordy: Shar, just as a reminder, we're going to not hit any BREC questions today just since we have that ongoing. And we'll certainly update folks when we have updates on that.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. And then the only other thing also, Dave, you talked a little bit about simplifying the story that you have there with CenterPoint. And there is obviously, Indiana and Texas, you've highlighted its core to the company. And you do sort of have some smaller jurisdictions, potentially non-adjacent jurisdictions. So about 23% of your rate base is in other states with LDCs. Is that potentially also an opportunity? Do you consider potentially monetizing LDCs, capturing pretty healthy multiples as a potential avenue to streamline or simplify your story, recycle capital and maybe strengthen your balance sheet even further outside of your core Indiana and Texas?
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, let me just comment in this way. I mean I've covered a lot of territory in my first 30 days, but I haven't covered all the ground we have in the organization. So let me defer off to probably the next quarter call to address some of those related topics. When we say simplify the story, as I sort of look back at how we've communicated with shareholders over the past several years, we really have not had a consistent message. We've had a relatively complicated story. We've had a lot of M&A. We've had regulated versus nonregulated. We've had the MLP to deal with. And so I do believe that a simple message to shareholders consistently executed quarter after quarter will, I think, help regain confidence that shareholders have in us as a management team and our ability to not only maintain but grow our future revenue and return stream. And so I guess, at the end of the day, give me some time. 30 days is not enough time to give you a complete answer, but we're definitely headed in that direction.
Shar Pourreza: Well, congrats on Dave, on your first-ever utility earnings call. Congratulations.
Dave Lesar: Congratulations. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Dave Lesar: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning, Dave. It was a hell of a lot you've done in 30 days. Appreciate that. So two questions. First, on your point eight, the optimized financials. You went through that pretty quickly, and I think that's a pretty important point. So could you just maybe repeat or maybe give a little more color on your thoughts on that aspect of what you're looking at?
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, what I said is basically, what you want to always do as a company is make sure you optimize your financial flexibility as an organization. COVID is a perfect example of why you can't predict the future. So if you can't predict the future, you need to be as financially flexible as you possibly can. And so focusing on our financial flexibility and then, of course, in our case, that means looking at our balance sheet, looking at our borrowing capacity. And then looking at our overall capital structure, where do you lodge your debt, for instance? Do you put it at the parent? Do you put it at the individual subsidiaries? The ultimate goal, as I said, is to basically have a long-term capital structure that allows us to grow the business beyond the 5% to 7% that we have out there. And that's an integral part of what we're studying right now. And it's a process we're in the middle of, and I don't want to sort of presuppose any outcome, which is really why we don't really want to talk about any more of the inner workings of the BREC at this point in time. Give it a chance to work. I think the BREC is working really, really well. But we're really only at half time, if you will, in terms of what we're doing and what we're looking at. And just let me leave it at that.
Steve Fleishman: All right. Got it. It sounds like the growth opportunities are there. You just need to figure out how to fund them efficiently.
Dave Lesar: They are absolutely there. Every time I see Kenny Mercado, for instance, who runs our electric business, he has a sheet of paper he brings with him with all the extra areas that we could invest just in Houston Electric or Indiana.
Steve Fleishman: Got it. And then just one other question. This is maybe just a silly logistical question. But with the two people that you named to the Enable Board, like how do they communicate back to CenterPoint? What's going on with Enable? And could you just maybe give a little more color on just the information flow and the like there?
Dave Lesar: Sure. They are our representatives. They are not independent directors on Enable Board. They represent our interest and Enable. And just like when Kristie was on the Board, she would talk to me about what was happening in Enable. They will be in constant communication with us as to their views of that organization.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Hi, good morning and congratulations. Dave. My first question is on the cost structure. And obviously, that's part of the plan and you guys are assessing the overall strategy. But just in your first 30 days, as you look at the cost structure of CenterPoint and the different parts and if you've had a chance to compare those that data versus peers on the utility side on different metrics, how does it compare? And does that give you confidence that there's a lot of low-hanging fruit or runway of cost opportunities there?
Dave Lesar: Well, I mean, I think there's a number of ways for a company to get more efficient. One is just sort of be Draconian and institute cost controls and cost management down. I think that if you look at our operating metrics, as I indicated on the call, our O&M per customer or our O&M per this metric or that metric. Our reliability standards are very, very good. So I think you come away saying, "Operationally, our folks run a pretty efficient business." But the reality is that any business can become more efficient. And one of the things I have done, as I mentioned in the call, not only have we trimmed back some of the more senior management in the organization, I have restructured where functions report within the organization to put them more adjacent to places they naturally should fit. So customer service, for instance, which is a very technology-driven part of our business, I have put adjacent to the IT department for now because I can I believe we can share set of costs. We can share some infrastructure. We can share some management across that. So I think one is just looking at the business differently. Two is using technology a little bit more efficiently to help us continue to look at reducing our costs. And then the third is, as I mentioned, just structurally, looking at things like putting the electric businesses together under one management team and trying to harvest the sort of efficiencies you get there. So again, I don't I'm not here to say I have all the answers. 30 days has come and gone very quickly. I'm still learning a lot about how we fit together and are stitched together as an organization. But I've been in business a long time, and I recognize that any company, no matter where they are in their life cycle, can always be more efficient. And I just need to make sure that we're making prudent decisions around making us more efficient, and that's what we're doing.
Insoo Kim: Yes. Definitely appreciate that. And sorry for asking all these questions given it's only been 30 days. On the rate base growth opportunity on the regulated side, when you look at the electric businesses together and the gas side of things, it's and the potential upside they have that each of those businesses have, what do you see more upside to either of the businesses? Or are there just a lot in both?
Dave Lesar: No. I mean, I think that it's really let's not get totally focused on electric. Yes, we have tons of upside in electric. We can take on more of the ownership on the renewable side, in the IRP in Indiana. Renewables is a space that we need to learn to play in. Not only does it bring some tax advantages, but it really is the wave of the future. And so it's something that we need to learn how to do because we really haven't tippy-toed into that area in the past. As I've said in my remarks, that Houston Electric is a crown jewel utility. I mean it's in a market that has grown consistently for decades. As I said earlier, the guys the guy who runs our Houston Electric business carries around a list in his pocket of things he would like to invest in incremental to our $13 billion we have. But also our gas business is good. And as I mentioned in the call, we can invest at or greater into that business for the next decade. And so that, to me, is why it comes back to making sure we have an efficient capital structure that allows us to take on those opportunities, grow the business beyond the 5% to 7% and do it in a way that doesn't dilute down our shareholders any more than you normally would have to, to grow the business.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you so much for the call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning and Congratulations. If I can follow back up, just to clarify a little bit more on the financial outlook and aspirations. Just to clarify, again, I hope I'm not intruding too much into the ground rules here. But with respect to your answer to Steve, how are you thinking about the needs for capital raising, specifically equity over the forecast period as it stands today? And has that changed at all? I just want to make sure we're crystal clear about that. And then separately, what is the ultimate aspiration of this effort? Is it to become a fully regulated entity of some sort? Or is it to refine and improve upon the EPS growth target? I feel, at least the perception is that perhaps you've said both things through the course of this call. So I just want to make sure we're clear on that as well, if I can.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Number one, we're reaffirming the 5% to 7% growth rate that we have out there. That is built around a $13 billion capital spend base. So use that as the baseline, if you will. My effort and my goal and again, I don't have all the answers after 30 days. But if you look at developing the balance sheet flexibility, you look at efficient capital allocation process, you look at the opportunities we have in front of us, I believe that when we get through this process that we could look at increasing our growth rate. I'm not saying we're going to do it yet. I'm not declaring that today. What I'm saying is that's aspirational for us at this point in time. And we have the biggest building block available to us to be able to do that, which is the capital opportunity that exists in in our Texas businesses, our gas businesses, our Indiana businesses. So unlike a lot of utilities that maybe have the capital available but not the opportunities, we have the opportunities available, which many don't, which is a really great place to start. And so that's what I'm trying to convey is our excitement around the opportunities. It's my job and the job of the management team now to figure out how do we get the balance sheet flexibility to take advantage of those opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And if I could follow up exactly along that line of thinking, if you will. What is reflected in your outlook today with respect to Indiana and the IRP and your confidence on being able to self-build any opportunities that come out of that process specifically? And obviously, this is with the proposal now becoming a little bit clearer. And then related tied back to what you just said a second ago, isn't it typically bill headroom that sort of is the limiting factor? And how are you thinking about the O&M that is necessary to create the additional headroom to invest?
Dave Lesar: Yes. Let me have Kristie answer the front part of that, and I'll try to come in and back clean up a little bit.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. Well, we had our best guess of what our capital would be in the capital plan that we had for Indiana. I think it over the first years, the total capital plan for Indiana was in the $300 million range going to $400 million. And like Dave said, we're we hope to be able to do more than what is in that plan.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think, Julien, the way I think about it is that if you looked at sort of our initial view, we had an allocated amount of that $13 billion in capital to the plan in Indiana. As I look at the renewable opportunity with respect to that, our initial view was that we would not take on much of that. I really want to revisit that because I think for two reasons. One, I think we need to be in the renewable space. We need to learn how to operate in that space. And because of the basically the tax advantages of it, we ought to be in that space. And therefore, we're really right in the middle of us reassessing what part of that plant and how much do we want to own and how we might find and seek partners for the rest of it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: It is not or isn't the plan? Or what was sorry, just to make sure I heard that right.
Dave Lesar: So what was in the 13 I'm looking at Kristie now. What was in the $13 billion plan was about $300 million to $400 million for the IRP.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, great. Sir, to be precise. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning. And Dave, congratulations.
Dave Lesar: Thanks.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just first talk about your dialogue with the rating agencies and then thinking about your credit statistics and the linkage to Enable cash flows, and whether there's a possibility that, over time, your credit sets really can be dependent on your core utility businesses rather than sort of have a dependency or linkage to Enable from a credit perspective. Would you mind just give me a general sense of where we are now and sort of what your objectives are there?
Dave Lesar: You actually just made my pitch in terms of what we want to do. Yes, we are engaged with the credit rating agencies. I've had a lot of experience with them over the years. I understand it's a matter of laying out a process and a path forward. I agree with you that in terms of the credit metrics that were held against today or potentially will be held against in the future, that's a dialogue we have to have with them. I think we have to demonstrate a path to growth, which I think we as we've talked today, we're going to be able to do reaffirm where our current commitments are, which we are doing today, but then have a dialogue with them that doesn't, in effect, penalize us for the cash flow that we get off of Enable. And that's an ongoing dialogue. And I hate to keep coming back to it, but give me more than 30 days to sort of get those conversations behind us. But they're top of mind at this point in time, for sure.
Stephen Byrd: Yes. I respect that. And then just wanted to go back to one of your the elements of the prepared response in terms of the benchmarking work that you had done. And I think you had mentioned briefly that operationally, very solid metrics. But you've mentioned the financial metrics versus peers were less solid. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit more about what financial metrics you focused on in that benchmarking work.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, basically, if you could name it, we took a look at it. I mean, clearly, you look at PE. You look at discount to where we ought to be trading with the assets we have, with the growth potential we have, with our affirmation of our earnings per share and the 5% to 7% CAGR that we put out there. But I think instead of all relative market valuation metrics, we lag behind. And I think I understand why now, and a lot of it has to do with what I said in my remarks. In that, if you look at sort of the last year of history at CenterPoint, we've let our shareholders down, and it's my intent and my focus to turn that around. Again, I understand it isn't instantaneous. It's really a matter of engaging with our shareholders, listening to our shareholders, understanding what the individual shareholder may view as shortcoming in the organization. But as I said, as I've talked to people, I'm a very high-touch individual as a CEO. I like engaging with shareholders. I like debating with shareholders. And so again, just give me a chance to get out there, get you an opportunity to know me better. And I think that we'll rebuild that confidence.
Stephen Byrd: That's really helpful. And if I could, just one last question. Just on renewables, it's obviously an exciting area of growth. I know it's early days, but just as you look at CenterPoint's capability with respect to renewables and the capabilities needed versus peers, versus more established players in clean energy, how do you sort of scope out the capabilities you have, additional capabilities you might want? Or do you feel like you do have sort of what you need to be able to pursue renewables in a cost-effective way?
Dave Lesar: No. I mean I think I know we can find the resource to pursue renewables in a cost-effective way. The question is going to be, how much of that do you bring in-house and build that capability? And how much do you hire as consultants? Or do you seek partners on it? And I think we're early in that process. We've made the conclusion, we need to be bigger in renewables. We have the perfect opportunity in front of us with the IRP plant in Indiana. We know that in that plant, we can get both into solar and to wind. And it really now is a matter of doing the calculation that optimizes what we want our participation to be there. But it is fair to say, we do not have much of that capability in-house at this point in time. But it is not such a scarce resource in the world that we can't go out and find it. And as I said, the decision for us is going to be how much do we bring in-house and institutionalize because we're going to be in this area for a long time. And how much do you use sort of the best assets and people in the industry to jump-start you in this area? And we're still going through that assessment. But I'm confident we'll hit the right balance.
Stephen Byrd: That's great, thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Maybe starting off at Indiana here. Just wondering if you could share any early feedback you've received on the IRP. Just want to get a feeling for how that's progressing.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think we've been through sort of the process of exposing it to the market. That the response was very, very positive. Clearly, there are the regulatory hoops that we have to jump through. And frankly, I don't have enough knowledge about how we would do that. We've got our Head of Regulatory Affairs here, if you want to do a little bit deeper dive in terms of it. But I think it's got a lot of momentum behind it. I think the political process in Indiana, the political environment is positive. I think the reality is that you don't think of Indiana as a place that's got a lot of wind and a lot of solar opportunities, but it really does. And it's really wind in the north along the Great Lakes area and lots of sun in ability to build solar in the southern part. So I think the state is behind it because it sees an opportunity not only to develop the generation capability from renewables but to do it actually in Indiana, which brings with it then the construction jobs, the O&M jobs and those kinds of things. So I haven't really encountered any major opposition to it at this point in time. But it's still a bit early days, but we're optimistic at this point.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe turning over to COVID. Just want to dig in a little bit more there on the assumptions in the back half of the year and just kind of how you see how long the depressed demand would kind of continue. And do you see it spilling into 2021? Or just if you could give us a little bit more feeling for how you see that unfolding in your neck of the woods?
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean I'll let Kristie give you a little more granularity, and then I'll sort of again come in and back clean up on the back end of the question.
Kristie Colvin: So in our COVID-19 range, the new range, we have assumed that the recovery would go out through the end of the year. And so and gradually improve from the second quarter as what the peak would be.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, I would just say, this is more anecdotally since I've moved back to Houston now. You see traffic starting to pick up a little bit. If your data points are how you're living your life every day, I'm seeing more traffic on the roads. But I'm sitting here in Downtown Houston right now, and it's still a ghost town. And the restaurants aren't open, the bars aren't open. And those are consumers of our products. And so as Kristie said, if you look at where we've had demand destruction, if you will, it's in sort of the light commercial, light industrial part of the business. So I think that if we could if anybody could predict sort of where COVID is going to go, they could make a lot of money betting in the stock market. That's not me. As I said earlier, we just have to make sure we have a company that's structured to be flexible enough to handle anything that is thrown at us. And what we gave you is sort of our best guess of the impact in the markets that we're in. And if you think back, our big markets are Minnesota, Indiana, Texas, a little bit of Ohio and Arkansas and Louisiana and Mississippi. And in each of those states is sort of approaching they're reopening in a bit of a different way. So we're giving you our best shot at it right now. Things might get better quicker, then we might get shut down. And we'll update you if we set a very off of the scenario that we laid out.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. That's helpful, thanks.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Aga Zmigrodzka with UBS.
Aga Zmigrodzka: Good morning, Dave, you met with commissioners from different jurisdictions. And in Q&A, you mentioned potential for higher Capex across electric and gas utilities. What is the potential for adding new or expanding regulatory mechanisms to accelerate recovery of Capex to reduce the regulatory lag? Is that something that we should expect?
Dave Lesar: Let me have Kristie answer that one. She's our resident expert on regulatory lag and basically getting our capital investment into our rate base as fast as we can.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I mean, as you know, Houston Electric, we do have capital recovery mechanisms for both transmission and distribution capital. In the Texas Gas jurisdictions, we have capital recovery mechanisms as well. Our other jurisdictions, besides Minnesota, pretty much have well, I would say, Arkansas, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Louisiana, all have cost of service. So again, fairly quickly, the capital is in the rates. In Indiana and Ohio, we also have capital recovery mechanisms. So it's really Minnesota. And in Minnesota, we have interim rates and a rate case pretty much every couple of years to help reduce that regulatory lag. So we actually think we are in good shape. And as we increase this capital, we have the mechanisms.
Aga Zmigrodzka: I have one follow-up question. Kristie, you mentioned lower interest expenses are helping offset higher COVID impact. Do you expect that trend to continue? If yes, could you quantify how much interest expense are going to be down in 2020 versus 2019? Is that tracking better than you previously expected?
Kristie Colvin: Yes. The interest is better than we had in our models for our plans, and, let's see, in the quarter, interest was favorable $0.03 to last year.
Aga Zmigrodzka: And do you expect that to continue? Or...
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I mean we do expect to see favorable interest going forward.
Aga Zmigrodzka: Perfect, thank you for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hey guys, good morning, David, congratulations. Some investors have noted you're coming into the job after a long and distinguished career at Halliburton. And you're 67 years old. I'm just wondering what your how long do you plan in staying at CenterPoint? Where do you see your career at this point as you take on this role?
Dave Lesar: Yes. It's a good question. I guess, I see myself as 67 going on 50. I the reason I left Halliburton is Halliburton has a mandatory retirement age or, frankly, I would still be there. I've got a lot of energy. I like being a CEO. I like being a leader. And to me, this was a perfect opportunity because of the great assets, the great jurisdictions, the great people that are here. So I have not set a time line on my tenure here. I'll know it and the Board will know it when the time is right to move on. But I think for right now, I am totally committed. And as I said earlier, I've just moved back to Houston last weekend. And I am raring to go. And as far as I'm concerned, the sky is the limit at this point in my career.
Michael Weinstein: Sounds good. Have you had a chance to meet with the regulators yet in Texas to talk about how the last rate case went and some of the criticisms that I think a lot of people had about that rate case? And also maybe even meet with the governor. Just wondering if that's part of the plan.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Clearly, I know the governor. I know the governor well from my days at Halliburton. So having a meeting with the governor for me would be pretty easy to get. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, I've actually met with all three of the Public Utility Commissioners in Texas. I had a sit face-to-face sitdown with the Chairman of the PUC in Texas. We did have a frank discussion and dialogue around the rate case and the outcome. But I think it's really important to point one thing out, in that even though there was a lot of noise around our rate case, if you look at the outcome that we got and the outcome that others have gotten since then, we were really the maybe the first company up that was experiencing a bit of a policy change in and around the equity splits and the ROEs that were going to be allowed to utilities in Texas. And so that was part of the dialogue that I've had with the commissioner. If you look at where we came out, we're pretty much in the middle of the more recent cases that have been adjudicated through the system in Texas. But that doesn't mean that we are not going to continue and I am not going to continue to have a dialogue. I mean it's important to have relationships with your regulators every place that you operate. They are in business to protect the consumers in their particular states, and it's our job to provide reliable gas and power to those consumers. So I don't necessarily see that has to be an adversarial relationship. It really needs to be a partnership, really pointed toward making sure that we're providing reliable power and gas to the consumers in the states where we operate.
Michael Weinstein: Great. Well, good luck and godspeed.
Dave Lesar: Great. Thank you. Thanks, everyone.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. That will conclude our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining on todays call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call with senior management. During the companys prepaid remarks, all participants will be in listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session, after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Joelle. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. John Somerhalder, Interim President and CEO; and Kristie Colvin, Interim Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our first quarter 2020 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several other members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website centerpointenergy.com. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather, regulatory actions, the economy and unemployment, commodity prices, the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss guidance for 2020. To provide greater transparency on utility earnings, 2020 guidance will be presented in two components; a guidance basis utility EPS range and a midstream investments EPS expected range. Please refer to slide 26 in the Appendix for further detail. Utility EPS guidance range includes net income from Houston Electric, Indiana Electric and natural gas distribution business segments as well as after-tax operating income from the corporate and other business segment. The 2020 utility EPS guidance range considers operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as customer growth, approximately 2% for electric operations and 1% for natural gas distribution, and usage, including normal weather, throughput, recovery of capital invested through rate cases and other rate filings, effective tax rates, financing activities and related interest rates, regulatory and judicial proceedings, anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger and reflects dilution in earnings as if the newly issued preferred stock were issued as common stock. In addition, guidance incorporates the COVID-19 scenario range of $0.05 to $0.08, which assumes reduced demand levels with April as the peak and reflects the anticipated deferral and recovery of incremental expenses, including bad debt. The COVID-19 scenario also assumes a gradual reopening of the economy in our service territories, leading to diminishing levels of demand reduction, which would continue through August. To the extent actual recovery deviates from these COVID-19 scenario assumptions, the 2020 utility EPS guidance range may not be met, and our projected full year guidance range may change. The utility EPS guidance range also assumes an allocation of corporate overhead, based upon its relative earnings contribution. Corporate overhead consists of interest expense, preferred stock dividend requirements, income on enable preferred units and other items directly attributable to the parent, along with associated income taxes. Utility EPS guidance excludes midstream investments EPS range, results related to Infrastructure Services and Energy Services and anticipated costs and impairment resulting from the sale of these businesses, certain integration and transaction-related fees and expenses associated with the merger, severance costs, earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities and changes in accounting standards. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider the items noted above and other potential impacts, including unusual items, which could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. In providing the 2020 EPS expected range for midstream investments, the company assumes a 53.7% limited partner ownership interest in Enable and includes the amortization of our basis differential in Enable and assumes an allocation of CenterPoint Energy corporate overhead based upon midstream investments' relative earnings contribution. The midstream investments' EPS expected range reflects dilution and earnings as if the CenterPoint Energy newly issued preferred stock were issued as common stock. The company also takes into account such factors, as Enable's most recent public outlook dated -- for 2020 dated May 6, 2020 and effective tax rates. The company does not include other potential impacts such as any changes in accounting standards, impairments or Enable's unusual items. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides on our website. Before John begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. I'd now like to turn the call over to John.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We will start with slide four. Let me begin by thanking our employees in the field, our linemen, service technicians and other field employees are essential personnel, vital to supporting the communities we serve. During these unprecedented times, we are extremely proud of the tremendous effort our employees are making every day to continue providing safe and reliable electricity and natural gas to our customers. Thank you all for representing CenterPoint well and living up to our brand promise of being always there. This morning, our company announced strong first quarter results, along with several other key announcements, highlighted on slide five. Over the past year, CenterPoint Energy's portfolio transformation has shown the company's strategic commitment to increasing its focus on the regulated utility sector. This portfolio transformation is better aligned with our investors' risk return objectives and has earned the support of several highly credible investors. As a result, today, the company announced a $1.4 billion transaction, which was compromised of 700 -- comprised of $725 million of shares of mandatory convertible preferred stock and $675 million of shares of common stock, as detailed on slide six. This transaction, in combination with the cash proceeds received from the recent sale of Miller Pipeline and Minnesota Limited for our Infrastructure Services business and the pending sale of CenterPoint Energy Services, will be used to delever CenterPoint's balance sheet, further strengthening its investment grade credit metrics and overall credit profile. As a result of this action, and the measures we announced on April 1st, we anticipate that the company will not raise additional equity capital through 2022. These equity issuances highlight the substantial value proposition of CenterPoint as our premier regulated utility with high growth opportunity. The company's robust five-year $13 billion capital investment program, combined with a strong regulatory strategy and keen O&M discipline, are anticipated to drive 5% to 7% utility earnings compounded annual growth over the planning horizon, all while keeping customers' rates low. CenterPoint is uniquely positioned to operate from a place of heightened strength and flexibility, while remaining focused on providing safe, reliable and affordable services to its customers and executing on a wide range of long-term opportunities across its utility businesses. Additionally, turning to slide seven, the company has also appointed two new outside Directors to serve on the company's Board, bringing the total number of Directors on the Board to 10. These directors come to the Board with exemplary leadership experience, unique backgrounds and well matched skill sets tailored for the needs and opportunities ahead for CenterPoint. In addition to the new Director appointment, the Board has formed a new Advisory Business Review and Evaluation Committee of the Board. The new committee will assist the Board in evaluating strategic business actions and alternatives related to CenterPoint's portfolio of businesses, assets and other ownership interests to further enhance the company's financial strength, positioning and value proposition. I would now like to provide an update on the COVID-19 pandemic. Turning to slide eight, safety is our top priority, and we have implemented social distancing protocol, rotational shifts and alternative work facilities in order to enhance the safety of our customers, employees and contractors. The CenterPoint Energy Foundation has also created a $1.5 million relief fund to assist nonprofit organizations within our service territories with the effects of the pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted almost every facet of our customers' lives and we believe it is more important than ever to support the communities that we serve. We continue to deliver the same reliable service our customers rightfully expect from us. Since the start of the pandemic, we have not experienced material interruptions in our supply chain. Our safety precautions allow us to continue moving forward with planned capital projects, and we continue to anticipate filing an integrated resource plan in Indiana in the second quarter. Moving to slide nine. We delivered first quarter guidance basis utility EPS of $0.50 per share, excluding impairments, compared with $0.41 for the first quarter of 2019. Rate relief, customer growth, O&M savings and favorable tax impacts associated with the CARES Act as well as having a full quarter for the legacy Vectren utilities were the primary contributors to the improvement. For full year 2020, we are reiterating our utility guidance basis EPS range, projected to deliver $1.10 to $1.20 in adjusted earnings. We are projecting that earnings dilution from a higher share count attributable to the equity issuance we announced this morning and the negative earnings impact from COVID-19 will be offset by the previously announced O&M reductions as well as the tax benefit from the CARES Act. Turning to slide 10. Regulators have been broadly supportive of the recovery of increased bad debt and other incremental COVID-19 pandemic related expenses. Nearly 70% of our jurisdictions have a form of pandemic mechanism in place. In our largest service territory, the Public Utility Commission of Texas approved a mechanism to assist the retail electric providers with increased bad debt expense as well as to cover pandemic-related expenses Houston Electric will encounter. As a reminder, approximately 70 retail electric providers make up the customer base of Houston Electric. We will continue working with the regulators in all of the states we serve to ensure customers impacted by the pandemic are supported. During the first quarter, we experienced very minimal demand impacts associated with COVID-19 as the stay-at-home restrictions begin to take effect across the communities we serve towards the end of March. On slide 11, we have provided an early estimated demand impact for April and the anticipated impact on our full year guidance assumption. As a result of stay-at-home practices, we estimate a modest decline in April demand for our commercial and small industrial electric customers, partially offset by increased residential usage due to folks staying and working from home. Natural gas distribution, commercial and industrial demand reduction was influenced primarily by restaurant, retail and manufacturing closures. In total, we estimate that reduced demand impacted utility EPS by about $0.01 to $0.02 in April. Overall, based on past experience, we believe our rates have become less sensitive to demand shock as a result of rate design efforts in recent years. I will note that the Houston Electric sensitivities incorporate the new rates that went into effect in April. For the purpose of our full year 2020 guidance, the range assumes April to be the peak of reduced demand levels and reflects anticipated deferral and recovery of incremental expenses, including bad debt. As states are beginning to loosen stay-at-home restrictions, we assumed a gradual reopening of the economy in our service territories, leading to diminished levels of demand reduction, which would continue through August in our guidance. Under this scenario, we project the full year COVID-19 impact to be in the range of $0.05 to $0.08 of utility EPS. To the extent actual recovery deviates from our COVID-19 scenario assumptions, our projected full year guidance range may change. Turning to slide 12. On April 9, we completed the sale of our Infrastructure Services business, providing approximately $670 million of cash to pay down debt, net of taxes. Completing this sale, along with the pending Energy Services sale, improves our business risk profile, strengthens our credit quality and reduces our earnings volatility. Above all, it is aligned with our strategy to increase the contributions of earnings from utilities. These divestitures highlight our commitment to focusing squarely on high organic growth utilities. Turning to slide 13. Many shareholders have asked about Enable's overall health, especially given the distribution cut that was announced on April 1. We are confident in Enable's ability to weather the current downturn for a number of reasons. First and foremost, Enable has a strong balance sheet and a healthy coverage ratio. Second, approximately one-third of Enable's business is associated with transportation and storage, which we anticipate will provide earnings stability during the current commodity downturn. Third, dry gas drilling and completions in Haynesville remain in line with expectations as oil wells and associated gas and other shale plays are being shut in. Finally, Enable has both O&M and capital levers they can utilize to help maintain cash flow if volumes drop lower than currently anticipated Let me close by summarizing our investor value proposition, as shown on slide 14. Following our successful Vectren merger integration and portfolio transformation, CenterPoint is committed to delivering increased shareholder value in the coming years. Our $13 billion capital investment program, combined with a strong regulatory strategy and O&M discipline, are anticipated to drive 5% to 7% utility EPS growth over the planning horizon. Additionally, we are firmly committed to maintaining solid investment-grade credit quality. We believe this framework positions CenterPoint for long-term success and provides a compelling opportunity for shareholders. I am very pleased to have Kristie Colvin discuss our financial results in greater detail. Kristie has been integral to the success of our finance organization for over 30 years, and has outstanding knowledge of every facet of our business. Over the past month, she has more than risen to the challenge of leading our finance organization, and I am eager to have her interact more with the investment community in the months ahead. Kristie? 
Kristie Colvin: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. I'm honored to serve as the Interim Executive Vice President and CFO of CenterPoint Energy, and I look forward to meeting many of you in the near future. Turning to slide 15, let me highlight some key accomplishments within utility operations during the first quarter. We deployed approximately $600 million of utility capital investment and achieved strong fundamental customer growth across both our electric and gas utilities. Additionally, to-date, we have identified approximately 60% of our targeted 2020 O&M reduction. We remain steadfast in our focus on disciplined O&M management to support long-term earnings growth and maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. On the regulatory front, we made various rate relief filings, including the Houston Electric transmission and Texas gas jurisdictions capital recovery mechanisms. Moving to slide 16, I would like to comment on the non-cash impairments recorded in continuing operations. In the first quarter of 2020, CenterPoint recorded an after-tax non-cash impairment charge of approximately $1.2 billion related to our investment in Enable and the company's share of impairment charges recorded by Enable for goodwill and long-lived assets and $185 million related to Indiana Electric. It is important to note that these impairments do not affect the company's liquidity, cash flow or compliance with debt covenants. The impairment charge related to our investment in Enable recognizes the severity of the decline in the estimated fair value of our investment. The decline is primarily due to the macroeconomic conditions related in part to COVID-19 and the excess supply and depressed prices of natural gas and oil impacting the midstream industry, combined with Enable's announcement last month to reduce its quarterly distributions per common unit by 50%. With these non-cash charges, we have reduced our balance sheet investment in Enable Midstream from approximately $2.4 billion to $848 million. Now, I'll provide some context regarding the non-cash impairment charge recorded at Indiana Electric of $185 million. Upon acquisition of this business and the Vectren merger in February 2019, the carrying value of this business unit approximated fair value. Therefore, there was minimal cushion to absorb the significant decline in current market conditions as a result of the pandemic. We do not believe that this impairment is indicative of the long-term value of this utility, which continues to deliver strong earnings with continued significant capital investment needs. I would now like to review the first quarter -- the quarter-over-quarter utility operations and Midstream Investment guidance basis EPS drivers on slide 17. Excluding impairment charges, utility operations delivered $0.50 per diluted share and Midstream Investments provided $0.10 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2020 compared to $0.41 and $0.05, respectively, in the first quarter of 2019. Utility operations delivered a solid performance this quarter, providing $0.09 of positive variance. Rate relief contributed $0.07 of positive variance, largely as a result of the capital recovery mechanisms in the Indiana Electric and Texas Gas jurisdictions, along with the implementation of interim rates in Minnesota. Additionally, the first quarter of 2020 benefited approximately $0.05 from an additional month of earnings associated with the jurisdictions acquired through the merger in February 2019. O&M savings provided $0.03 of favorability. Lastly, CenterPoint Energy's continued strong customer growth, primarily along the Texas Coast and our Minnesota service territory, provided for $0.02 of positive variance. Partially offsetting these positive variances were higher depreciation and amortization and other tax expense, lower usage and lower equity return, primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges. The lower uses experienced across our natural gas distribution and Indiana Electric service territory was partially driven by warmer-than-normal weather, which accounted for approximately $0.01 of negative earnings variance versus normal. Overall, we were very pleased with the performance of our utilities. Turning to slide 18, we discussed our continued discipline in O&M management. Last year, our company made great strides through our diligent and keen focus on O&M management, by achieving approximately $100 million of annualized year-over-year O&M savings through merger and other cost efficiencies. Further building on the momentum from 2019 early last month, CenterPoint announced that we are targeting approximately $40 million in incremental O&M savings for 2020 relative to full year 2019 levels. We expect to achieve approximately half of the targeted incremental 2020 O&M savings from support level functions. We will continue to look for systematic opportunities to align work activities and organizational approaches in support of our utility-focused strategy. This comprehensive approach to O&M management will continue to support EPS growth and maintaining investment-grade credit metrics. On slide 19, as John previously detailed, the equity issuances announced today demonstrate CenterPoint's commitment to a strong balance sheet and further strengthening of our investment-grade credit metrics and overall credit profile. Our rigorous capital allocation progress -- process and ongoing disciplined O&M management further support this commitment. These equity issuances eliminate the anticipated equity needs through 2022, and we will target 14% to 14.5% FFO to debt over the long-term planning period. Turning to slide 20, we are reiterating our 2020 utility guidance basis EPS range of $1.10 to $1.20 and a 5% to 7% five-year EPS growth CAGR. The 2020 guidance range takes into consideration earnings dilution as a result of the higher share count from the announced equity transaction and the potential range of earnings impact of $0.05 to $0.08 per diluted share associated with the COVID-19 pandemic that John previously discussed. These items are expected to be offset by strong first quarter results, the benefits received from previously announced targeted O&M reductions as well as tax benefits from the CARES Act. To the extent actual recovery deviate from these COVID-19 scenario functions, our projected full year guidance range may change. In closing, the first quarter presented new challenges for not only our business, but the entire industry and global market. Our company was proactive in tackling the challenges presented by COVID-19. Leadership remains focused on our core value of the safety of our employees and the communities we serve, delivering reliable and affordable energy. CenterPoint Energy is poised to deliver 5% to 7% utility EPS growth through execution of our utility strategy and disciplined O&M management, while remaining firmly committed to our solid investment-grade credit policy. I'll now turn it back to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Kristie. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, Ill ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Joelle?
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well begin to take your questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Your line is now open.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys.
John Somerhalder: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So just two questions here. First, starting sort of with that strategic level. You have, obviously, a review process that's in place now. And should we think about the range of outcomes that you're foreseeing with this, can we get a little bit of a sense of core versus non-core, stronger jurisdictions versus maybe those that require a bit more work from your perspective? And sort of with an Analyst Day set, does this sort of imply that an outright sale of the company is not part of this kind of internal review process? I have a follow-up.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I'll start with the last question. Yes, that's correct. This is a -- we have strong support for the business and the model we have now. And so what we're going to do is review those businesses to see where we can optimize those. And clearly, our focus is on our utility businesses. And we feel like all of our utility businesses have good regulatory compacts, and we will always continue to look at how we improve those moving forward and the mechanisms for recovery. But this will be a comprehensive view of all of our businesses so that we can optimize those as a company moving forward.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then, just lastly, you reiterated the utility guidance for 2020 and the 5% to 7% growth, which is very constructive. Can we get maybe a little bit more specific around the moving piece? Maintaining these figures, there's a lot of moving pieces, i.e., you called out COVID headwinds. Is that entirely kind of offset by corporate costs? What's implied with future cost cuts at the parent? What mitigates the dilution in the near term? So I'm just trying to get a bit of a sense on how all the drivers kind of net out, even as we think about beyond 2020? Thank you.
John Somerhalder: Okay. Also I'll start out with 2020, and then Kristie can add to it and then talk a little bit about moving forward. I mean, we took several steps that we announced back at the beginning of April, some of them more driven by credit to make sure we have very solid credit metrics as we move through this year. And so, reducing capital by $300 million helped us there. But we announced $40 million of O&M cuts as well, which we had good line of sight to, as Kristie said, about 60% of that. So the combination of a good first quarter, those O&M savings and the CARES Act, that has the tax benefit, Kristie can speak more to that, offset the impact of our expected range on COVID-19 as well as the dilution as a result of the $1.4 billion of equity issuance. So those generally -- that group generally nets out for 2020. And then, as we move forward, we have the benefit of maintaining that $40 million of O&M savings as well as the fact that we had anticipated raising about this amount of equity over the next three-year time period, maybe slightly more already. So that, that dilution from there is not as material as we move forward. And then, we have the announced dividend -- our dividend cut, which gives us additional retained earnings. So it's really the combination of all of those that allow us to reiterate 2020 guidance and also reiterate rate base growth and EPS growth of 5% to 7%. Kristie, would you like to add anything to that?
Kristie Colvin: I think you covered it well.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks, guys, so much Congrats on moving forward and congrats on the deal with Jeff and team, congrats.
John Somerhalder: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. My first question is regarding just financing. With the $1.4 billion raise that you guys did, how do you think about the buffer that you have or maybe the potential leverage that you could pull in the hypothetical scenario that Enable needs to cut its distribution again?
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I'll start out first on Enable, and that is for the reasons, I talked about when I went through my presentation. We've looked at a number of scenarios, and there were downside scenarios, lower oil prices for longer. And when we made the decision to cut distribution by 50%, we felt very good that, that was the right level. And even though we have seen, because of physical constraints, some shut-ins, we've seen some positives too. So we still remain confident in Enable's ability to maintain that 50% distribution and pull their own levers related to O&M and capital. So that's the starting point. But I'll let Kristie speak to the other part of our strengthening of our balance sheet and how we look at that.
Kristie Colvin: Yeah. I mean this transaction has strengthened our FFO to debt. And as John mentioned, we are not currently anticipating a cut in the distribution from Enable. 
Insoo Kim: Just in the scenario that may be something like that does happen in a very worst-case scenario, are your conversations with Moody's, do you have a little bit more room on the FFO to debt side to absorb some of that additional impact?
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I think, we would have conversations about the increased level of regulated percentage in our earnings and our business, with the rating agencies at that point. 
Insoo Kim: Understood. And just one quick follow-up. On the strategic review, from a stand-alone CenterPoint standpoint, is the strategy, all being equal, still to try to trend towards that 90% utility earnings by 2024?
John Somerhalder: Well, that's the foundation we start on. And that's what we have seen really aligns with what we believe are our shareholders' interest. So that's the starting point. But we will comprehensively, with that business review committee, evaluate the best options to further maximize shareholder value. So, yes, that's the starting point.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you and stay safe, everyone.
Kristie Colvin: Thank you. 
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning.
John Somerhalder: Hi, Mike.
Michael Weinstein: I just want to make it clear. You guys are -- in that FFO to debt target range for 2020, you're starting off in that range as you go forward?
Kristie Colvin: With the equity issuance, we're a little higher. We're expecting to be a little higher than that in 2020. And then our long-term range is 14% to 14.5%. 
Michael Weinstein: Got it. And in terms of the COVID sensitivities, you had -- it starts off with a pretty bad April, but you expect things to get better over the summer and then beyond that. Do you have any kind of a ballpark estimate of worsening? How much worse the $0.05 to $0.08 could get? Let's say, for instance, the April downturn of 15% to 20%, as you saw in the commercial and 10% to 15% industrial reductions. If that continued at that level, for the rest of the year, for instance, where -- how much worse would it get? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean, I'll give you some general ballpark, but again, our experience because of -- even though we had reduced industrial, we're not very sensitive because of the way the rates are designed on industrial, we're not very sensitive there. And the commercial downturn was in line with what we had expected, and we saw positive on the residential side, both in Houston and Indiana. So our -- what we saw in April was very much in line with what we had estimated. And then, if you extrapolate that out for the conditions we talked about through August, it results in that $0.05 to $0.08. But, clearly, you can extrapolate that out. We don't anticipate that it will impact us through the full year, but you can extrapolate out that $0.01 to $0.02 impact for more months, and that would be in line with what would happen should that scenario occur. Kristie, you want to add on that? 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. $0.01 to $0.02 per month for additional months? Is that how you're looking at?
John Somerhalder: Yes. Kristie, do you see it differently than that? 
Kristie Colvin: No. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And maybe just one last question. If you could just maybe comment on the status of the oil and gas industry and your service territory, and what's going on there? What your assumptions are for oil and gas refining and drilling part of your customer base? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean, clearly, Houston's economy is tied to the oil and gas business. The good news is, less tied to that business over time. And we've seen Houston do very well through downturns in the past. I mean, with robust growth of 2% plus, customer count in good times, and we've seen it still stay positive even through downturns. So we still expect very good market area there. But, yes, we will monitor. It's too early to tell now, but we'll monitor what impact oil and gas downturn may have on our growth rate, moving into next year and update you as we see more. At this point, as we sit today, we saw still good growth right up through the end of March on customer counts. We still see that we're connecting new developments in new areas. So, at this point, we haven't seen, but we will monitor it closely. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. All right. Thank you very much. A lot of hard work being done. Thank you very much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research, LLC. Your line is now open.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah. Hi. Good morning.
John Somerhalder: Hey, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, John. So just, I'm curious, if you had conversations on this already with the rating agencies. And did you get any sense that it would be possible that they might remove the negative outlook? Or any color there would be helpful. 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I'd comment first. Clearly, this is positive. But, yes, Kristie, can tell you about the actual conversations and where those could move.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I mean, we have had conversations with the rating agency. This should be considered positive. We have to get past the CES sale, before I think we would see any change from the agencies.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And when are you expecting that to close? 
Kristie Colvin: Second quarter.
Steve Fleishman: And all is good on that?
Kristie Colvin: Yes.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean, we're still working very closely with the buyer on transition, putting the organization in place, what services we'll provide, employee issues. And as we talked about before, the agreements works very well and gives both parties certainty about being able to close. So, right now, we feel very good about it.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I have one other follow-up question. Just that, in this business valuation review, obviously, the one nonutility business left is Enable, and that Enable was reviewed by the company several years ago. And in the end, nothing really happened. Is there any reason to think that there might be more options or new options this time than three or four years ago?
John Somerhalder: Steve, I don't know at this point. Clearly, we reviewed it in great detail, looked at various options and concluded the path forward that we took back there and made the most sense. But the business review committee will review options related to this. So, way too early to speculate, though, on whether other options could be identified or not.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aga Zmigrodzka with UBS. Your line is now open.
Aga Zmigrodzka: Good morning. So you talked a lot about the cost savings of $40 million. As you continue to review, what do you think could be the potential upside to this number across your footprint?
Kristie Colvin: We're targeting $40 million of savings. 
John Somerhalder: Yes. And we're we feel very good about that number because as Kristie mentioned, we have line of sight directly, things we'd already worked on earlier this year related to our corporate structure and support services and some IT-IS type costs that had been identified. Longer term, it really is a matter of looking at all types of things from how we use contractors and then the car contractors are very important to us, but what's the right approach there? Supply chain savings, use of technologies, other technologies, work management systems, so we'll be digging into those issues in detail now that we've made the decisions and positioned the company now with flexibility and strong balance sheet moving forward. So, it's too early to say what the potential is. Right now, we're trying to ensure that we have certainty around the $40 million. 
Aga Zmigrodzka: And you talked about the moving parts in 2020 utility EPS guidance. Could you maybe provide a little more detail on the per share impact from the tax benefits from CARES Act? 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. In the first quarter, we had a $19 million tax benefit from the CARES Act. We also expect to have a future quarter benefit in around a $10 million range to earnings, also with favorable cash flows. 
Aga Zmigrodzka: Perfect. Thank you and stay safe.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning to you and congratulations on all the progress here.
John Somerhalder: Thank you. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. It's a pleasure. I wanted to follow up on the outlook through '24 here. Can you comment specifically about expectations for earning your optimized returns? I know that obviously, there's some gyrations in the current year related to COVID. But as you see achieving this 5% to 7%, just specifically within that, kind of going back to the word, the first questioner started. What are your embedded earned returns? And how do you think about equity in that plan after '22 through '24? And then maybe implicit within this, just to make sure I'm squaring this one appropriately, given that you have this equity issuance in the first couple of years, is the plan back half-weighted? Just to kind of think about the equity being [indiscernible]?
John Somerhalder: Yes. Actually, I'll start out with the equity piece, and then comment on the returns, some of those issues. But actually, because of the dividend reduction, targeting 50% to 55% on our regulated earnings, we have more retained earnings in those out years. So we issue an amount of equity in the -- through 2022 in the range of $1.4 billion, which is pretty much in the range we had before, maybe slightly lower. But because of the rate retained earnings in the backside, the old forecast of $300 million to $500 million per year in that time period, actually, there's lower pressure on that now. We believe it will be less in the out years, and we'll get the benefit of the things we've talked about, the O&M savings and the dividend cut. So not back-end loaded at all, in fact, more modest needs in the back end of the plan, which really helps with the 5% to 7% growth when we're issuing less equity out in those time periods and have the $40 million of O&M savings. And what we're targeting is very much in line with our allowed returns. If we look at Houston Electric, we target very close to the 9.4% return on equity with that cap structure and pretty similar in the other jurisdictions. Kristie, you add to that, if I have anything -- that I missed on that? 
Kristie Colvin: I think you covered it well. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. And then turning to the strategic side of things, just real quickly, perhaps clarifying your prior comments here. What is on the table with respect to the strategic review, just to ask it more explicitly and bluntly, if I may? You commented on Enable here. Just want to perhaps make sure we're fully encompassing and understanding what is contemplated? And how do you think about this against the backdrop of having had these processes in the past? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean in the past, a lot of the processes that went on were effective, and they were more led by the management team. What we have now is a group, including two new Directors, two existing Directors or three if you count me, the five of us will be looking at this. So it will be a Board-level with that new set of experiences involved in at Board level. And it will be comprehensive. We'll look at our businesses in total to make sure that we move forward in the most optimized way. So it's similar in some ways, but it has the changes I just talked about. So, we're very encouraged by that. We think it's the right time to further optimize our business. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Are we supposed to -- just in terms of the plan, just to clarify this, should we expect management updates and appointments prior to the conclusion of the process?
John Somerhalder: The plan right now is clearly the committee, I think, will function under its charter through October. And so a normal time that we may -- we'll talk about that would be in an Investor Day early in 2021. That would be the base plan. But obviously, if there's something that should be communicated before that, we would do that. But the normal schedule is what I first laid out.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. So no updates to management in the interim either? 
John Somerhalder: Well, should anything occur that we need to update you all on and make public, we would do that. But the base plan is to take that amount of time and then be prepared to announce changes and direction, certainly at the conclusion of that process. But should anything happen that changes that, we would obviously make public as appropriate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you all very much. Best of luck. Talk to you soon.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. Hopefully, one question, one follow-up. I think a little off to Julien's question, and more on the CEO search. Any update on the CEO search on timing of when we may find out when the Board selects someone?
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean the very good news is that the committee has been working for a time -- well, pretty much since we stood that committee up, and they've been very, very rigorous around that. We have a search firm in place. They've identified a large number of candidates. They've conducted interviews with a number of candidates. And so we're now more on the back side of that search process. But until it's -- the absolute right person is picked, and we can make sure what the timing is on transition period, it's not done until it's done, but I feel good that a lot of good work has been done, and we're on the backside of getting that taken care of. 
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then, lastly, just more fine tuning. The $40 million of additional O&M cuts the company has identified in 2020, and I think you've answered this, maybe I missed it. Are they more at the parent company? Are they more at the operating utility company? 
John Somerhalder: I'll start out. But yeah, more than half of it that's been identified is more at the company level, more support services and some of those things as we look at the new mix and more utility focused some of those just fit with how we looked at the support services moving forward. But there will be some, some that each of our business units will develop as well. So there will be some, but a good percentage of them are at corporate level. Kristie, you add to that for me, please? 
Kristie Colvin: No. I think that's right. They'll be across the board. But again, over half, we've identified our support level activities.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and stay healthy.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, you too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Your line is now open.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning. Can you hear me?
John Somerhalder: Good morning. Yeah. Good morning.
Paul Patterson: So I just wanted to sort of follow-up on the business review process. I mean, last time, on the fourth quarter, it sounded like you guys weren't really looking at necessarily that wider range of potential business combinations or what have you. With the new investors, with this investment, what have you, should we think perhaps the business review is now perhaps about a wider range of potential options that almost anything could be on the table to enhance shareholder value?
John Somerhalder: Well, the way I look at it is the business review committee will really look at the business plans across all of our business, and think through everything from appropriate regulatory strategies and think through best ways to optimize on how businesses fit together. So I mean, that's something you do on a normal basis anyway. So and it brings a fresh set of eyes with good experience with our new directors involved to the process. So I think it's in line with what a company normally would do, but with really good expertise with the opportunities we have now to really take a fresh look at it. So it is different. It's a very powerful process, I think we can follow, and that they'll make recommendations to the Board -- for the Board to act on in the time period we talked about. So we think it's a good thing to do moving forward. 
Paul Patterson: Sure. But I guess what I'm sort of wondering is, if there was the potential for a sale of the company or what have you, is there -- is that off the table, I guess, is what I'm saying? I mean in other words, would you guys be willing to look at anything that -- depending on, obviously, what it is and obviously what the stand-alone plan is and what your outlook is, should we think of is pretty much anything is on the table potentially as long as you guys see it in shareholder value? Or are there certain things that you feel hey that just isn't in our game plan, so to speak?
John Somerhalder: The starting point is truly looking at how our businesses are operating, how they function optimizing those, making the right business decisions in total around the base of this great set of utility assets. So that's the starting point, that's the focus. Every company has got to consider the other options that you've talked about. That's not where we're starting with this committee. This committee is designed to review the go-forward plan has a great set of utility assets and how to optimize those and configure those correctly moving forward.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just finally, on Indiana Electric, the write-down, was that goodwill? It wasn't completely clear when you said the fair value. Has that got anything to do with fair value accounting with respect to the rate base or anything? Or is that sort of could you just elaborate a little bit further on what the impact is actually at the utility in terms of if there is one, in terms of either equity or what have you at the utility level in terms of regulatory rate making, what have you? 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. That was goodwill, and it should not impact the regulated utility.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. Thanks so much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning. Just wanted to kind of build on some of the points that you touched on here, with regards to the FFO to debt trajectory, just want to see if something by chance moves against you here, like Enable's dividend cut or something like that. Just wanted to see what levers you have left to pull at this point? Could that include kind of like more CapEx deferrals? Or just any thoughts you have there would be helpful.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I'll start out. I mean one of the things we would do, especially with the strength of our balance sheet now heading into that, a couple of things we do is work -- continue to work with the rating agencies and talk through the fact that our regulated versus unregulated mix would be enhanced, should that occur. Again, we feel good about Enable's distributions, but that would be where we'd start. But clearly, we've taken some very positive steps, we believe, already. But clearly, under those circumstances, we would look at other alternatives and the type that you mentioned would be things that would be evaluated, whether that's a little less capital or continuing to see if we can optimize O&M. We'd look at those as other possible ways to make sure we kept the best balance sheet moving forward. Kristie, you add to that, please?
Kristie Colvin: I think that covered it pretty well. 
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thanks for that. And just a follow-up question with regards to COVID-19 here. Just when do you expect to have clarity on COVID deferrals for the remainder of your jurisdiction?
John Somerhalder: Kristie -- I mean, my understanding is we have a large number. We have good line of sight on and are already taken care of. My understanding is most of our jurisdictions look to be addressing those issues in the near future. Does someone have a better time estimate on that? 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I was going to let Jason cover that.
Jason Ryan: Sure, okay. This is Jason Ryan. Good morning. So the Oklahoma Commission voted to approve an accounting order earlier this morning. The Minnesota Commission is discussing that topic, I believe, as we sit here right now. So I don't have an update on where they're headed. But they are looking at that. And we've been working with our industry colleagues and regulators in Indiana on this topic, and expect to file an application seeking an accounting order either late this week or early next. So that would take care of all of our jurisdictions, given that most of them have already acted.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thats helpful. Thats it for me. Thanks.
Jason Ryan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charles Fishman with Morningstar. Your line is now open.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. In the current guidance, 2020 guidance, utility contribution, 88%, Midstream 12%. John, in the April one news release, you anticipated utility earnings contribution increasing to nearly 100% over the next few years. That would imply to me that your preference -- and realized you got this the review board now, but your preference, at that time, was to probably either divest completely or partially Enable. Am I reading more into that quote than I should? Or is there something else going on that I don't understand? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean effectively, what happened is when we looked at the Enable distribution cut of 50%, it was based on the fact that we expect a very little drilling activity to occur this year and heading into next year and it's lower for longer period we're in. And so the results are, we took that proactive step on distribution cuts to really protect the liquidity of Enable as they head into lower earnings into next year and even moving a little further than that. So just naturally, as those earnings go to where we expect under this no significant drilling in some of those basins for the time period I talked about, that takes the earnings contribution for midstream down just naturally there. And then on top of that, we're continuing to invest heavily in our regulated business. So you have the positive of the regulated coming up, and then just that normal trajectory that we anticipated when we cut distributions to 50%. That will result in 95-plus percent, I think, regulated earnings mix. Now Kristie, there may be a little bit more on that related to the impairment? And how that impacts that, is that correct? 
Kristie Colvin: I mean there will be basis accretion as a result of these impairments, but we do still expect that the utility will grow to the 95% of the contribution. 
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. Thats all I have. Stay safe guys.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Verition. Your line is now open.
Ashar Khan: Hi, good morning and congratulations. I think so the Board did a terrific job, and congratulations. I wanted to -- you mentioned a little bit, but it would really help because the last thing left in this whole picture is the new CEO. Can you be a little bit more, what time frame of course, quicker, the better, but do you have any specific date by which we can hear that announcement? 
John Somerhalder: No. I think we feel positive about the fact the process has moved at this point. We have very good identified candidates. But as you know, until you finalize something. And when you're looking for someone that's got really strong track record on utility operations, these type businesses, understands our business, focus on strong balance sheet, we want to make sure we take the time to absolutely get the right person. But I feel very good about the individuals that are being talked to now. And so I think it can happen in a reasonably short time period, but until all those issues are worked out, sorry, I can't more specifically commit to an exact time. But like I said, I feel good about the -- that we've made really good progress to this point, and that it can happen in a reasonably short-term period moving forward.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you. And if I may just ask you one question on the accounting side. The tax benefits that you mentioned, are they only for this year? I guess you mentioned $19 million and another $10 million, do they go away? Or do they carry on into next year? 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. They go away. 
Ashar Khan: They go away. And then you also mentioned that we get some amortization benefit. How much is that? And does that keeps on going? 
Kristie Colvin: Amortization, referring to the basis accretion or...
Ashar Khan: Yes, correct. 
Kristie Colvin: Yes, that would keep ongoing. 
Ashar Khan: That would keep -- and how much is that in itself?
Kristie Colvin: It's estimated to bring the $47 million a year up to $100 million annually.
Ashar Khan: $100 million. And starting this year?
Kristie Colvin: I think this year because it's starting in -- not in the beginning of the year, it would be about $85 million in total. Our year is usually $47 million.
Ashar Khan: So previously, you had thought of $47 million when you gave the initial guidance, and now it is $87 million?
Kristie Colvin: $85 million, yes.
Ashar Khan: $85 million. So that is an increase of that. And that is going to be around $100 million. And how long is that going to last?
Kristie Colvin: It's almost 28 or so years.
Ashar Khan: Okay. 20
John Somerhalder: And that primarily impacts the midstream or unregulated earnings.
Ashar Khan: I understand. I understand. But I just wanted to make sure I have the accounting right. Thank you. Thank you so much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
James Thalacker: Thanks guys. Can you hear me?
Kristie Colvin: Yes.
John Somerhalder: Yes, James. Good morning.
James Thalacker: I apologize if I missed it somewhere in the 8-K, but I was just wondering if you've disclosed what the terms of the convertibles were. And just trying to understand, are you -- in your presentation for 2020 and the 5% to 7% growth rate, are you assuming, sort of, as issued in the share count?
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I think, yes, between 8-K and what we've posted on our website, I think that those terms and conditions are -- have been disclosed and now have been filed. So I think that's in there. But Kristie, would you take the other part of that question?
Kristie Colvin: Yes. After the calculation of guidance, we will treat the preferred as if it was common in the dilution calculation.
James Thalacker: Okay. And so the 5% to 7% then would reflect that dilution through the forecast period?
Kristie Colvin: Yes.
John Somerhalder: That's correct. And they do -- there is a mandatory convert on those 12 months out.
Kristie Colvin: Right.
James Thalacker: Okay, great. Thank you very, very much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Antoine Aurimond with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Antoine Aurimond: Hey, good morning. Thank you so much for taking my question. 
John Somerhalder: Hey, Antoine.
Antoine Aurimond: Hey, how are you? I just wanted to be clear on equity needs. So total equity needs through 2022 are not necessarily different from what you had previously. And you had that $300 million to $500 million in both 2021 and 2022, as you had mentioned. Is the idea that the bulk of that will now be met with new holdco debt issuance, so more of a timing shift? Or is it the O&M savings, the dividend cut essentially takes care of that? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. If the question -- in 2023 and 2024, we still will have some equity needs, but I would based upon what we're looking at now, anticipated plan would estimate it to be lower than the $300 million to $500 million range we estimated before. And Kristie, can you give more information on that?
Kristie Colvin: I mean, that's correct. As you said, with the dividend cuts we did, it is lower than anticipated in those years.
Antoine Aurimond: And to be clear, are you going to, so since today's announcement, take care of equity need through 2022? The 2021 and 2022 that you were going to issue, is that going to be met with new holdco debt issuance?
Kristie Colvin: Well, we issued $1.4 billion today. And our plan was to issue $800 million in 2020 and between $300 million and $500 million in 2021 and 2022. So at the midpoint of 2021 and 2022, that would have been $1.6 billion versus the $1.4 billion we're doing. So we satisfied our needs upfront for these three years.
Antoine Aurimond: Got it. And to be -- lastly to be -- better clear, have you vetted today's plan with the rating agencies?
Kristie Colvin: Yes. We have been in contact with the rating agencies with regards to this plan, and we expect them to consider it favorable.
Antoine Aurimond: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you.
David Mordy: I do not believe we have any more questions. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call with the senior management. During the companys prepaid remarks, all participants will be in listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session, after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Mike. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. John Somerhalder, Interim President and CEO; and Xia Liu, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website centerpointenergy.com. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section on our website. Today management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather, regulatory actions, the economy, commodity prices and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss guidance for 2020. To provide greater transparency on utility earnings, 2020 guidance will be presented in two components; a guidance basis utility EPS range, and a midstream investments EPS range. Please refer to slide 30 in the appendix for further detail. Utility EPS guidance range includes net income from Houston Electric, Indiana Electric and natural gas distribution business segments, as well as after-tax operating income from the corporate and other business segment. The 2020 utility EPS guidance range considers operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as customer growth approximately 2% for electric operations and 1% for natural gas distribution and usage including normal weather, throughput, recovery of capital invested through rate cases and other rate filings, effective tax rates, financing activities and related interest rates, regulatory and judicial proceedings and anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger. The utility EPS guidance range also assumes an allocation of corporate overhead based upon its relative earnings contribution. Corporate overhead consists of interest expense, preferred stock dividend requirements and other items directly attributable to the parent along with the associated income taxes. Utility EPS guidance excludes Midstream Investments EPS range, results related to infrastructure services and energy services prior to the anticipated closing of the sale of those businesses and anticipated costs and impairment resulting from the sale of these businesses, certain integration and transaction-related fees and expenses associated with the merger, severance costs, earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities and changes in accounting standards. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider the items noted above and other potential impacts including unusual items, which could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. In providing the 2020 EPS expected range for Midstream Investments, the company assumes a 53.7% limited partner ownership interest in Enable and includes the amortization of our basis differential in Enable and assumes an allocation of CenterPoint Energy corporate overhead based upon Midstream Investments relative earnings contribution. The company also takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public outlook for 2020 dated February 19 2020 and effective tax rate. The company does not include other potential impacts such as any changes in accounting standards, impairments or Enable's unusual items. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides on our website. Before John begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. I'd now like to turn the call over to John.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, David, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today. I'm honored to serve as the Interim President and CEO of CenterPoint Energy and I look forward to visiting many of you in person in the near future. As you can see on slide 5, CenterPoint proudly serves more than seven million customers across eight states. Our core utility business represents over $15 billion of rate base, of which 96% are electric, T&D and gas LDC assets located in some of the most dynamic and high-growth service territories in the United States. CenterPoint's compound annual rate base growth is projected to be 7.5% over the next five years. As we streamline our business mix, CenterPoint is poised to deliver even stronger services for our customers and total returns for our shareholders. Alongside our leadership team, I am excited to move this company to deliver strong results and drive shareholder value. I would like to give you an overview of both our ESG achievements to date as well as our ESG initiatives and commitments going forward. Central to our ESG values is the commitment to serve our customers and our communities. We are honored to have received numerous recognitions over the past year, some of which are detailed on slide 6. I would like to thank all of our employees for their effort, often going above and beyond their CenterPoint roles to be a positive influence in our communities. Our ESG effort also reflects our environmental stewardship and leadership. Slide 7 provides detail on our profile, as well as efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our generation assets and our gas distribution system. First and foremost, our assets have a low-carbon footprint as generation makes up approximately 4% of our overall rate base, and electric T&D assets represent 51%. Since 2005, we have reduced our generation based emissions by 20%. With respect to our gas distribution business, since 2012 we have invested heavily in our gas distribution system, reducing greenhouse gases by 30% per unit of natural gas delivered. We have eliminated all cast iron pipe across our legacy CenterPoint systems and we anticipate removing all cast iron pipe from our Indiana and Ohio jurisdictions by 2024. Turning to slide 8. I am proud to announce our goal to reduce carbon emissions by 70% from CenterPoint operations from our 2005 levels by 2035. We anticipate achieving this goal by continuing our robust pipeline replacement program, continuing to enhance our generation mix supporting Southern Indiana, and partnering with our suppliers to lower their methane emissions. Additionally, it is our goal to reduce carbon emissions by 20% to 30% from natural gas customers' usage from the 2005 level by 2040. We anticipate achieving this goal by continuing to work with our customers to improve their energy efficiency and supporting research to improve customer options. Next week we will publish our full carbon policy, which will be located on our Investor Relations website under environmental social and governance along with our corporate responsibility report. Turning to slide 9, I'd like to review Centerpoint's strong 2019 financial results. Full year diluted earnings per share on a GAAP basis were $1.33, and full year adjusted earnings on a guidance basis were $1.79 per diluted share. This was $0.09 above the top end of our guidance range of $1.60 to $1.70, and represents 12% year-over-year EPS growth relative to 2018. Xia will provide greater detail regarding the key drivers of our 2019 earnings performance in her comments. Continuing on slide 10 let me highlight some additional key accomplishments during 2019 that contributed to Centerpoint's strong financial performance. The strength of our core utility business continued to drive earnings growth, underpinned by $2.5 billion of utility investment as well as strong fundamental customer growth across both our electric and gas utilities. We reduced year-over-year annualized O&M by approximately $100 million, exceeding our annual cost savings targets as we continue to execute on merger integration. We settled the rate case for Houston Electric, our largest jurisdiction, providing earnings and return clarity going forward for our core utility businesses. Additionally, we received approval from our various regulatory filings in 2019, which resulted in annual revenue increases of over $100 million. In addition to settling the Houston Electric rate case, we executed on a number of other important regulatory fronts in 2019. These are shown on slide 11. The Texas commission approved our Bailey to Jones Creek transmission line at an estimated cost of $483 million, which we anticipate will be under construction during 2021 and early 2022. During 2019, we also reached a settlement in Ohio for $23 million of annual rate recovery. By the end of 2019, we initiated rate cases -- near the end of 2019, we initiated rate cases in Minnesota and Beaumont, East Texas requesting $62 million and $7 million in annual revenue increases respectively. The Minnesota Commission approved the interim rates, which began on January 1 in the amount of $53 million per year. Looking ahead, we anticipate Houston Electric will file a transmission cost of service or TCOS application in the near future seeking recovery of transmission investment put in service during 2019. We also anticipate Houston Electric will file a distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF application in April of 2021, seeking recovery of distribution investment put in service during both 2019 and 2020. Additionally, we anticipate we will file an Integrated Resources Plan in Indiana during the second quarter of this year. We have completed three or four planned stakeholder meetings in Indiana and we are eager to put forward a plan that reduces carbon emissions, maintains grid integrity and provides reasonable rates for our customers. Turning to Slide 12, as we announced earlier this month we have entered into agreements to sell both our Infrastructure Services business and our Energy Services businesses for combined gross proceeds of $1.25 billion. These divestitures are anticipated to provide combined after-tax proceeds of approximately $1 billion which we plan to use to retire debt. These sales improve our business risk profile and earnings quality and strengthen our balance sheet and credit quality. Our focus will now be squarely on the utilities. On Slide 13, we show our continued transition to be more utility focused and better aligned with our investors' risk return objectives. In 2018 our core utility businesses represented approximately 70% of overall company earnings. Our acquisition of Vectren and the sale of Energy Services and Infrastructure Services coupled with our continued robust utility capital investment are expected to increase the utility contribution to over 80% this year and to near 90% by 2024. As Xia will detail later we intend to continue this progress through a rate base investment over the decade ahead. Helping to fund this growth will be our stake in Enable and the material cash flow of over $300 million per year that Enable has projected to distribute to CenterPoint. This is shown on Slide 14. As we affirmed in 2019 after a thorough strategic review, we decided to retain our stake in Enable. Since its formation in 2013 Enable has contributed $2 billion in cash flow to Centerpoint and does not require any incremental capital investment from CenterPoint. Going forward Enable is projected to provide approximately $1.5 billion of additional cash flow to CenterPoint through 2024. This capital will be efficiently recycled into the significant rate base investment and growth opportunities at our core regulated utility businesses and drive utility earnings growth in the coming years. Let me close by summarizing our investor value proposition as shown on Slide 15. Following our successful Vectren merger integration and portfolio transformation CenterPoint is committed to delivering increased shareholder value in the coming years. Our $13 billion capital investment program combined with a strong regulatory strategy and O&M discipline are anticipated to drive 5% to 7% utility EPS growth over our planning horizon. Combined with our dividends we anticipate delivering 8% to 10% total shareholder return. Additionally we are firmly committed to maintaining solid investment-grade credit quality. We believe this framework positions Centerpoint for long-term success and provides a compelling opportunity for our shareholders. Let me now turn things over to Xia. 
Xia Liu: Thank you John and good morning everyone. I will now turn to the consolidated full year guidance basis EPS drivers on Slide 16. Excluding merger impacts and impairments, we delivered $1.79 per diluted share compared to $1.60 in 2018 which is $0.19 or a 12% growth year-over-year. The primary factors driving this outperformance were our core utility businesses. The newly acquired Vectren utilities provided $0.45 of positive variance. O&M savings, rate relief and customer growth from our legacy utilities provided $0.27 of positive variance. Additionally, above normal weather as well as favorable tax outcomes were contributing factors to this outperformance. Partially offsetting these positive variances were underperformance at Energy Services and Midstream and merger financing. Overall we were very pleased with our strong 2019 performance. Turning to Slide 17. Like we mentioned earlier to provide more transparency to our core utility operations we're now providing utility-only EPS on a guidance basis for 2020. Let me start from the 2019 adjusted EPS on a guidance basis excluding combined earnings from Midstream Investments, Energy Services and Infrastructure Services of $0.50 per share. Our utilities delivered $1.29 per share in 2019. Favorable weather contributed $0.05 per share and onetime tax and other items counted to $0.05 during the year. Excluding weather and these onetime items the normalized 2019 utility EPS on a guidance basis was $1.19 per share. Looking forward to 2020 the Houston Electric rate case outcome and lower equity return is anticipated to have an annualized year-over-year negative impact of $0.15. This includes operating income reduction from the Houston Electric rate case settlement and its dilution effect from new equity to address the negative impact on CenterPoint's FFO and credit metrics.  Customer growth, rate relief and O&M management all are projected drivers of the positive $0.06 to $0.16 of earnings. In total we are forecasting utility guidance basis EPS earnings in the range of $1.10 to $1.20 for 2020. This guidance assumes normal weather. So I will note that this quarter so far we have experienced unfavorable weather and we will work to address the anticipated revenue shortfall during the remainder of the year. As noted on the slide, this utility EPS range excludes earnings from Energy Services and Infrastructure Services prior to the anticipated closing of the sale of those businesses as well as Midstream Investments. On February 19, Enable affirmed their 2020 earnings guidance of $385 million to $445 million. Including corporate overhead allocation this translates to $0.23 to $0.28 per share for CenterPoint. However, Enable indicated on the call that in order for them to perform at or above the midpoint of the range commodity prices and producer activity would need to improve from current levels. For our planning purposes, we assume the lower end of the range of $0.23 per share. Guidance basis utility earnings per share are projected to grow 5% to 7% a year on a compound basis over the next five years as shown on slide 18. This robust growth is driven by $13 billion capital investment plan in our core utility businesses implying a 7.5% projected rate base growth CAGR. This solid regulated growth is expected to be supplemented by strong customer growth and continuous discipline in O&M management. Through these efforts, we expect our utilities to earn close to their allowed ROEs and deliver strong earnings growth over the planning horizon. Turning to slide 19. We outlined the key elements of our utility growth strategy. 96% of our current $15 billion rate base is from lower risk gas LDC and electric T&D businesses and only 4% is from generation assets. Serving over 7 million customers in growing jurisdictions across eight states we have scale and geographic diversity coupled with our continued O&M discipline. We have the ability to earn close to our allowed ROEs while keeping our customer rates competitive. This combination of growth and efficiency allows us to continue to deploy capital into our utilities to serve our customers' needs. As discussed earlier our rate base CAGR is projected to be 7.5% driven by $13 billion of regulated capital investment over the planning horizon. Further we will be recycling the over $300 million per year cash distributions from Enable to fund our significant rate base growth reducing our external financing needs. It is also worth noting that maintaining a strong balance sheet and credit profile is critical to efficiently funding our robust capital investment in our core regulated utilities. We remain firmly committed to our solid investment-grade credit quality. Turning to slide 20. Of our projected $13 billion of investment approximately 40% or about $1 billion a year is anticipated to be deployed for Houston Electric. This capital is driven by continued load growth system hardening and modernization as well as construction of the Bailey to Jones Creek transmission project. Approximately 50% of the capital or about $1.2 billion per year is projected to be spent at our gas utilities primarily for system modernization and pipeline replacement. Indiana Electric is projected to spend 10% of the total capital and we will provide more details once we file its IRP in the second quarter. Additional details of capital spending for Houston Electric and natural gas distribution can be found in appendix on slides 31 through 33. As stated just now all of this planned investment results in 7.5% rate base growth as shown on slide 21. Slide 22 demonstrates our track record of leading utility customer growth while keeping customer rates below the national average. Both our electric and gas utilities experienced customer growth rates above the national average, particularly, across the Greater Houston area and Minnesota. At the same time our Texas Electric customer rates are below many of our peers in the state and gas rates across all of our jurisdictions in aggregate have been reduced by approximately 1.6% compound annual growth rate over the past decade. Turning to slide 23. We discussed our continued discipline in O&M management. In 2019, our utilities reduced year-over-year annualized O&M by approximately $100 million or 6% from achieving merger and other cost efficiencies. Going forward our goal is to manage O&M relatively flat year-over-year. We will continue to look for systematic opportunities including optimization of organizational design process improvements, workforce planning and strategic alignment as well as using data analytics to streamline decision-making across all functional areas. Turning to slide 24. We reiterate our firm commitment to maintaining solid investment-grade credit quality. The divestiture of Infrastructure Services and Energy Services coupled with the use of net proceeds to retire debt materially improves our business risk profile and credit quality. Credit quality will be further strengthened by our discipline in O&M management and rigorous capital allocation process. We're also committed to raising equity as necessary to support our robust utility capital investment on our credit metrics. Going forward we target a low to mid-14% FFO to debt ratio as defined by the rating agencies. On Slide 25, we outline our anticipated equity needs to fund our utility growth and strengthening our balance sheet. As illustrated on the chart, we expect to raise $800 million of equity by the end of 2020, primarily to strengthen our credit metrics post Houston Electric rate case. For 2021 through 2022, we expect to rely on ATM and DRIP to raise $300 million to $500 million per year to fund 15% to 20% of our significant capital program. Turning to Slide 26. Let me remind everyone of our recently declared quarterly dividend of $0.29 per share of common stock. This is the 15th consecutive year that we have increased common stock dividends. Going forward, we anticipate common stock dividend growth rate of 1.3% per year to achieve our targeted long-term payout ratio of mid-70%. Turning to Slide 27. In conclusion, we delivered strong results in 2019 by achieving guidance basis EPS $0.19 or 12% above 2018. Additionally, we made great strides in continuing to focus on our core regulated utilities. We resolved the major regulatory proceedings and focused on driving efficiencies throughout our business. We also are deploying significant capital to meet our customers' needs. The agreement to divest the Energy Services and Infrastructure Services businesses, further support our fundamental strategy of focusing on core utility operations. Furthermore, using the sales proceeds to retire debt and raising equity to fund our utility businesses, reinforce our commitment to strengthening our balance sheet and credit quality. Today CenterPoint is poised to deliver 5% to 7% utility EPS growth and 8% to 10% total shareholder return while remaining firmly committed to our solid investment-grade credit quality. I'll now turn it back to David. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Xia. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, Ill ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Mike? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Xia Liu: Good morning.
Shar Pourreza: So two  just two questions here separately related. Can we first touch a little bit on sort of the pushes and takes with your utility growth guide of 5% to 7%, when you're kind of factoring ongoing dilution and rate base growth that's around 7.5%. I guess sort of what are the drivers there that's offsetting that dilution? I have to imagine O&M is definitely a lever you guys have to pull but I'm kind of trying to get a sense on how much you're under earning to be able to pull that lever? And then I have a follow-up. 
Xia Liu: Yes Shar most of the dilution from 7.5% to 5% to 7% is driven by the equity issuance that we outlined. We do have O&M as a lever. We are very focused on finding ways to allow the utility to earn allowed ROEs. But we also have  as you are aware in some jurisdictions we have the embedded regulatory lag that we will have to work through but mostly it's driven by equity.
John Somerhalder: Shar, as Xia indicated, we plan to very closely control O&M costs to maintain the flat or near flat. We do have very good regulatory mechanisms in states to avoid regulatory lag but we do have some regulatory lag. But the primary difference is exactly what Xia pointed out, which is we're strengthening the balance sheet as we're moving through this time period.
Shar Pourreza: That's perfect. And then just on the new equity guide. Does this update sort of account for like any kind of a draconian scenario for instance if Enable cuts the distribution? So I guess another way to ask this is how much sort of balance sheet cushion does the new equity guide provide, especially as you're de-risking the business? So what's the capacity there that you over-equitize in order to prevent a situation that maybe you haven't accounted for? 
Xia Liu: We project to maintain a low to mid-14% FFO to debt and we think that provides a healthy cushion in case of unanticipated events. So we feel good about that FFO to debt coverage  coverage ratio.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks guys.
John Somerhalder: Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys. 
Xia Liu: Hi, Michael.
Michael Weinstein: Just to follow-up on Shar's question. Is there a  are there pricing  is there any pricing for oil and gas that you're watching in terms of Enable's earnings where the guidance depends on the pricing for oil and gas being above a certain point? I mean is there  are there limits there that you could discuss?
Xia Liu: We don't typically comment on behalf of Enable. I can tell you that we are very focused on cash  on their cash coverage, on their balance sheet, on their internal O&M management their maintenance capital and how they recycle their cash flow. So they do have a 1.3% cash distribution ratio and there's they are one of the few midstream players with an investment-grade credit quality. The management is doing a good job trying to manage internally. So we will continue to work with them to focus on the cash coverage.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. As Xia pointed out the 1.3 times coverage on the distributable cash flow converted their distributions has saw their credit metrics and the history of even when we saw lower commodity prices down closer in the $30 range they have a history of being able to maintain that because of the strength of that business.
Michael Weinstein: Right. And would you say going forward as part of that 5% to 7% is  are the  is that  most of that growth coming from the gas utilities now after Houston Electric settlement at this point? 
Xia Liu: I think they both  all the utilities are growing at a healthy rate. We outlined that in  on the slide that you can see the gas LDC businesses are growing faster. So right now they're about the gas LDCs and Houston Electric both have $6.7 billion of rate base. And as we continue to grow capital a little bit faster in the gas utilities eventually they  the gas utilities will have a bigger piece of the pie, but they're all growing at a pretty healthy level.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. If you just look at how we're allocating capital it's about 50% to the gas utility for rate base and then 40% Houston jurisdiction 10% in Indiana. So on capital allocation it's pretty evenly split between the two. 
Michael Weinstein: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs.
Xia Liu: Good morning, Insoo.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Just first question is in your guidance or  whether it's this year or over the five-year plan how do you think about what's embedded in terms of Enable preferreds? And any timing on your assumption about when they're called? 
Xia Liu: Yeah. We  the base answer is we expect Enable to make the best decision possible for their unitholders, so we're working very closely with them. And in terms of developing our equity needs and guidance range we took into consideration the timing of possible redemption of the preferreds. But just from a FFO to debt standpoint we wanted to make sure we have enough cushion to accommodate either way. And from an earnings standpoint our range will cover whether or not they call this year. 
Insoo Kim: Understood. And when you gave your updated utility CapEx for the five years what are some upside or downside items we could potentially consider or  and then capital that's potentially nine-year plan that may show up later this year?
Xia Liu: I mean our capital  the capital decision we make that on a daily basis. We have a budget for all the utilities but they're on the ground trying to make the best decision possible every day. We do have a pretty rigorous capital allocation process in place such that we take into consideration the rate case filing, timing the recoverability the  we could  we have a portion of the capital, we could pull or put just based on each jurisdiction situation. So we feel really good about how we manage through that. And then on top of that you have rate relief last year like John said. We received approval of over $100 million of rate relief and so we think that will add the growth engine for us. And also the growth from the jurisdictions from a customer addition standpoint is another factor to take into consideration.
John Somerhalder: And then we have weather variability, which Xia mentioned earlier. But with normalization and with some weather hedging we can minimize the impact but we still have impact to weather. And then we have the upside of being able to do what we did last year as part of the integration and that's very, very focused management of O&M costs.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Antoine Aurimond from Bank of America.
Antoine Aurimond: Hey, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So a question on the balance sheet front. So does the $500 million to $700 million equity issuance bring you to that low to mid-14% FFO to debt you highlighted? And more importantly, given that these levels are still sort of below Moody's 15% downgrade threshold, are you confident this allows you to stay in the mid-BBB level? And do you remain committed to that rating?
Xia Liu: We remain at close conversation with our rating agencies as we make decisions on -- business portfolio decisions and we remain very confident that the recent divestiture of Infrastructure Services and Energy Services, as well as our execution on the utility front, our ability to earn allowed ROEs. All those things will play in the decision by the rating agencies. We remain very confident that they will see the recent decisions execution favorably.
Antoine Aurimond: Got it. And then, just in terms of timing to get to that low to mid 15% to 14%, is it this year after the issuance, or is it more later in the planning period?
Xia Liu: See, you do -- I do remind you that we're expecting $1 billion of net proceeds from the divestiture of those two businesses in the second quarter. So we have tremendous flexibility in terms of getting to the desired FFO to debt ratio throughout the year. 
Antoine Aurimond: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. 
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi. Good morning. Hey, Xia. I guess, this question is for John. Maybe you could just give a sense of how the board and you are looking at timing of kind of a permanent CEO and what you're looking for there? And, I guess, also, was there any consideration of, just -- is CenterPoint structure, as it is today, kind of, set up okay? Or does it need to be, kind of, part of a larger organization? 
John Somerhalder: Yes. You've asked a number of questions all in one question, Steve. But, yes, our board is very focused on exactly what we're focused on. They see the value of our utilities. They see the value of investment in rate base, growing those earnings. They very much supported over this last time period, simplifying the business, the sale of Infrastructure Services and Energy Services. And so, that strategy is what they support and what they believe is appropriate moving forward. And we believe we have a very good platform as CenterPoint, as it's structured today to do that. So that strategy is very much in place, very much what we've planned to move forward with. On my own personal issue, I am Interim President and CEO, I have no time line or no time limit. I am here. Very proud to be here, very focused on executing on the strategy for as long as it is required until the right transition to a permanent CEO at the right time is made. And I'll focus on the real obvious things, which is, operational excellence, everything from ESG performance, which includes safety compliance, reliability, managing O&M cost to achieve these outcomes, continuing to strengthen our regulatory relationships. We have a history of good regulatory outcomes. We'll make sure we continue to strengthen those to have the best outcomes moving forward. We're going to focus on the balance sheet to make sure that we strengthened the balance sheet and meet that objective that Xia talked about this year, through the combinations of things she talked about. And we're going to focus and, what I'd expect, when a new permanent CEO comes in, I'm going to focus and we'll continue to focus on meeting with our investors and understanding your concerns, needs, make sure that our plan is transparent to you, that we communicate what our expectations are to you and that we consistently meet them. So those are kind of our priorities. And I hope, I answered all your questions Steve?
Steve Fleishman: Yes. No, that was very super helpful. And I apologize, I have one other question for Xia. Just, any color you could provide on timing of the equity issuance in 2020?
Xia Liu: Sure. And you are fully aware that the current market conditions are volatile. We believe it is very important to be patient and yet poised to act when market conditions present themselves. As I said just now, that we're anticipating $1 billion of cash inflow from the divestiture of the assets in the second quarter, so that we could reduce debt in 2020, support our coverage ratio. So we have flexibility to execute our plan. And so, we just remain opportunistic. But regardless, we might likely set up the ATM and turn on the DRIP to start contributing the equity needs, but we'll remain opportunistic at this point.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. 
Paul Patterson: Hey, how are you doing? I wanted to, sort of, just follow-up a little bit on Steve's question. I mean, it does sound like you guys have a great opportunity that you're outlining all these things all the opportunities and the value of your properties quite well. But I'm just sort of wondering in terms of the potential for a strategic -- additional strategic options, are those off the table? I mean, I just wanted to get a sense as to whether or not -- what the potential might be in terms of -- given the management changes and everything whether or not we might see some different additional exploration in that area?
John Somerhalder: No, that is not our plan. Our plan is to execute and really focus on execution as I just talked about when I answered Steve's question. So that is what management will do that, is what the board supports and that's what we're going to move forward with.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much.
John Somerhalder: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Xia Liu: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thanks for the time.
John Somerhalder: Hey.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just following up on a few different things real quickly here. First, Enable's strategy and I think I hear what you guys are saying, but I just want to be extra explicit about it given your focus on execution. You sold several businesses already. There is no deviation from the commitment on Enable. And at the same time on the rating side, you've gotten assurances that despite having still some unregulated piece here that that new low 14s works from the agency?
Xia Liu: Julien, we don't speak on behalf of the rating agencies. So when they're ready, they will let you know. We do know that we've been remain very transparent conversations with each of the agencies, and they knew exactly what we plan to do. And the fact that we executed what we shared with the rating agencies would give us a lot of credibility from our perspective. And at the same time, as you're fully aware, the largest unregulated businesses are the Infrastructure Services and Energy Services businesses. Post divestiture we will be 82% -- are projected to be 82% utility, and 18% Enable. So essentially, we don't have anything else. We have a little bit businesses, but they're not material at all.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if I can go back to the core business in brief. Just to clarify your earlier comments Xia around earned ROEs and through the forecast period. Just to clarify very specifically what kind of improvement in lag are you baking into that? I think that goes back to Shar's question about the reconciliation between earnings trajectory and rate base growth again specifically on the lag? And then also related to that and reconciling that, how much equity are you thinking on an ongoing basis through the full CapEx period that you've disclosed rather than just three years of financing here just to be clear about that?
Xia Liu: Yeah. I mean, we have a slide we laid out in the appendix to show you the thinking around that. So I'll answer the second question first. The -- first of all, we are fully focused -- very focused on the FFO than the generated FFO including Enable contribution. We're mindful about our dividend policy and the board will consider going forward. We're very focused on the capital program and wanting to provide a robust regulated growth. All that take into -- we take all that into consideration then we decide how much external funding we would need to maintain our balance sheet, so that's basically the thinking process. The reason we didn't provide any guidance beyond the three years is because when you get outside of the three-year window, you would have to take into consideration rate cases, other regulatory decisions and some other things that we might not foresee right now. So I don't want to get ahead ourselves in that regard.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. All right. Fair enough. On that -- a little bit on the lag piece to be extra clear. Are you assuming any willingness to share a little bit more of the exclusive thought process? I know that rate cases matter.
Xia Liu: Yeah. Sure. I'll be happy to. Yeah, I did forget your first question. So CEHE, so Houston Electric is about 40% of the business. You know their allowed ROE is 9.4%. So the team is highly focused on finding ways to get close to 9.4%. That includes revenue opportunities as well as O&M, very disciplined O&M management. So then the rest of the business the gas utilities, they have a range of allowed ROEs of 9% to 10% on average I'm generalizing each jurisdiction is different. So our goal is to try to get closer to the top end of the range in the planning horizon.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. One last quick detail. In the CapEx budget, what are you assuming in the Indiana Electric with regards to the RFP process and just generation procurement? I know that might be sensitive.
Xia Liu: Yes, I don't think we're ready. It's a they'll file in the next couple of months. So, once that's filed we'll be happy to share any details you might want.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough. Thanks for the time. All the best.
Xia Liu: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Just on a housekeeping slide 30. That $1.2 billion internal note. I mean that's always been out there. You just -- it's just you're listing it as a line item now where you haven't in the past. Is that correct or is my memory off?
Xia Liu: You always knew that there was $1.2 billion of intercompany loan from the parent to the Midstream.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So, it's just a question you're just listing it now as in your guidance?
Xia Liu: Correct.
Charles Fishman: I mean it's always been there though. Okay. And then the preferred is in the $0.29 to $0.34 correct? Your preferred position in Enable? 
Xia Liu: We -- it's $360 million and at 10% rate. So, that's the parameters of--
Charles Fishman: And that's -- but that's included in the $0.29 to $0.34 not in -- it's not an offset to the corporate and other or anything?
Xia Liu: I'm sorry I misunderstood your question. You were asking the 30 -- I'm sorry, can you ask the question again? I'm sorry.
Charles Fishman: I'm asking -- well, you have you still have this preferred I think it's Series A investment in Enable, okay? And you have that for a couple of years now. But that's included -- if I look on slide 30, that's included in the $0.29 to $0.34, correct? You're not treating that as this corporate and other line as an offset or anything?
Xia Liu: No, we didn't. That's outside of page 30.
Charles Fishman: Okay. I'll -- okay, I got it I think. That's it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sophie Karp from KeyBanc.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe a little housekeeping question here. Are there any nonutility businesses still left in the corporate and other segment. I believe there used to be something there?
Xia Liu: They're very little. You do know we have the Energy Services Group that as part of the Vectren acquisition they represent about 1% of the business. We have a small home warranty business, but not anything major.
Sophie Karp: Should we expect those to be sold in kind of over the course of the year also?
Xia Liu: No, we're not considering those right now.
Sophie Karp: Got it. And then so on the -- when you when I look at the corporate and other guidance and what's embedded in it. So, it's mostly I guess corporate level debt right on preferred. What do you assume as far as how long that remains outstanding? Did that slide throughout the year when you come up with this guidance?
Xia Liu: I'm not sure I followed your question. What's lasting throughout the year?
Sophie Karp: Your corporate debt. Corporate level debt.
Xia Liu: The corporate debt -- the parent company debt. So, we have -- that's on our balance sheet.
Sophie Karp: Right. So how long do you believe it can continue to be outstanding throughout the year when you come up with the guidance? What's baked into the guidance for that?
Xia Liu: The current parent company debt level that we have on our balance sheet is embedded in there.
Sophie Karp: All right. Thank you. And maybe could you talk a little bit about the O&M efforts, right? And we know historically that O&M did not maybe even grew a little faster than inflation for CenterPoint and you've been working on identifying ways to fight that. How close are you to understanding what the drivers there are? And what particular programs you're looking at to kind of bring the O&M down growth the growth rate?
Xia Liu: I'll start. I'm sure John has thoughts. The part of the big piece of the O&M effort is through our merger integration. So, we achieved -- we overachieved our synergy target last year through not only headcount reduction on year one, but throughout the year I'm sorry on day one, but throughout the year. So, day one we removed a certain amount of headcount and that momentum continued throughout the year. And we also had about -- close to $300 million different initiatives to try to improve programs consolidate functions and with continued improvement processing in mind. So -- and then on top of that, we are looking at organizational designs, looking at strategic alignment, and using more data analytics, and so forth. So, it's a combination of a lot of initiatives together.
John Somerhalder: And I'd just add to that. The good news you talked about a head start on us what we're doing the process of the integration gave us a real good understanding of many of the cost levers that we can focus on. And we had success in implementing a number of those, but there are others that we have identified in areas like supply chain, areas like how we use contractors. And manage those issues. We'll focus on, all items, related to that. At the same time, we're fully committed to make sure we will spend what we need to, to maintain reliability, safety, compliance with those items. And I've been a part of companies that have managed tightly, those issues for a number of years. So I look forward to getting involved. And really focus on the right way to manage our costs.
Sophie Karp: Got it, and would you be able at some point to commit to a more concrete in your O&M reduction targets?
Xia Liu: I think we essentially did, because as I said, both John and I said that, last year we've achieved the annualized reduction of $100 million, if we essentially maintain that level. So that's a pretty good target, we should think about.
John Somerhalder: And then, hold it as we move forward, flat or near flat. And the reason, we phrase it that way is we absolutely will make sure we spend the dollars we need to in areas like safety. But my history has always been that when you find areas that you simply need to spend money on for those reasons. You also work hard to find other areas, where you can reduce costs. So, that is our target. And I think, that's a pretty straightforward expectation that we have for ourselves.
Sophie Karp: Got it. Thank you. That's all for me.
Operator: Our last question is from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Hey guys thanks for taking a quick follow-up for me. Just on  Xia, can you just follow-up question from what Julian was asking was, can you without going into details, at least confirm that in Indiana, you're not assuming any outcome from the IRP, i.e. there's not a placeholder amount that's in that number?
Xia Liu: There is a placeholder amount. I don't want you to think, we didn't put in placeholder. The placeholder amount embedded in the Indiana numbers.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, great. Thanks guys for that.
David Mordy: I believe that's our last question. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter and full year 2019, earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy, please go ahead, sir.
David Mordy: Thank you, Jumeirah. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Xia Liu, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our third quarter 2019 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management, who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call.  In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and post to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather, regulatory actions, the economy, commodity prices and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss guidance for 2019. The 2019 guidance basis EPS range excludes variables as provided in our press release, including certain merger impacts such as integration and transaction-related fees and expenses, including severance and other costs to achieve; and merger financing impacts in January prior to the completion of the merger; and potential impacts of the pending Houston Electric rate case. The 2019 guidance range considers factors described in our press release and slides, including operations and performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as normal customer growth, usage and weather, throughput, commodity prices, recovery of capital invested through rate cases and other rate filings but excluding any potential impact from the current Houston Electric rate case as well as the volume of work contracted in our Infrastructure Services business. The range also considers anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger and assumes the lower end of Enable Midstream Partners 2019 guidance range as provided on Enables third quarter earnings call on November 6, 2019. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, including those from Enable; earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the companys Energy Services business, which, along with the certain excluded impacts associated with the merger and potential impacts of the pending Houston Electric rate case, could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. CenterPoint Energy is unable to present a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted diluted earnings per share because changes in the value of ZENS and related securities and mark-to-market gains or losses resulting from the companys Energy Services business are not estimable as they are highly variable and difficult to predict due to the various factors outside of managements control. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Id now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Im very pleased to report we had an excellent quarter. Turning to Slide 5, excluding merger impacts, this morning, we reported third quarter adjusted earnings on a guidance basis of $0.53 per diluted share compared with $0.39 in the third quarter of 2018. Given this strong performance, we expect full year guidance basis EPS to be near the upper end of our EPS guidance range of $1.60 to $1.70. Xia will cover our financials in greater detail shortly. Turning to Slide 6, let me begin my update on Houston Electric by sharing what sets Houston Electric apart. Since the beginning of this decade, Houston Electric has added over 400,000 customers, an increase of more than 20%. To keep pace with this growth and address needs for enhanced reliability and resiliency, the utility has invested close to $8 billion on transmission and distribution infrastructure, including approximately $1.5 billion of investment that is serving customers today but is not yet in rates. We work hard to provide safe, reliable, value-added service for our customers every day, and we have helped the city of Houston weather numerous storms, including Hurricane Harvey. In 2018, we were the recipient of the Edison Electric Institutes Emergency Recovery Award for our restoration efforts following Hurricane Harvey and other severe storm incidents. Our performance can be largely credited to the investments we have made to harden and advance our system. Meanwhile, weve been able to keep rates low while achieving the highest residential customer satisfaction ranking among investor-owned utilities. Moving now to the status of the Houston Electric rate case, let me comment on a proposal for decision, or PFD, put forward by the administrative law judges. This document is an interim step in the process, and the outcome will ultimately be decided by the commissioners of the Public Utility Commission of Texas or PUCT. On Slide 7, we show the reduction in operating income and funds from operations, or FFO, as compared to our request and the amount we would have to write off from our rate base if the PFD were adopted in full. The proposed reduction in operating income of almost $30 million compared to current rates and the reduction in FFO of over $100 million was not anticipated in our prior 2020 EPS guidance nor our five-year earnings growth projection. We expected a reasonable increase of operating income from todays rates and a full recovery of our capital investment. The proposed reduction in earnings is inconsistent with our rate filing, which was heavily driven by recovery of over $1 billion in capital that has already been put in service for our customers through 2018 but is not yet being recovered in rates. Let me remind you that the PFD is not an order from the PUCT. We have faith in the full regulatory process and remain hopeful the commissioners will make a balanced decision that will allow Houston Electric to recover all of its capital investments and maintain its credit quality, financial integrity and current high-quality operations and customer service. We look forward to a constructive resolution of this case. Slide 8 outlines an estimated time line for the case going forward. We anticipate our case will initially be addressed at the next PUCT open meeting on November 14 and continuing, if necessary, at the December 13 open meeting. After the PUCT issues the final order, new rates will go into effect 45 days later. Our natural gas distribution businesses are also performing well. Looking at Slide 9, since the beginning of this decade, CenterPoint Energy legacy gas utilities have increased customers by nearly 10% and invested over $5 billion on infrastructure. In addition, we added over 1 million gas utility customers from the merger earlier this year. Today, as a combined gas utility, our expected investments for 2019 is over $1 billion. We work hard to provide safe, reliable, value-added services to our customers every day. Additionally, we achieved the highest residential customer satisfaction ranking from J.D. Power among large southern region utilities and have kept rates low. Our natural gas distribution, as shown on Slide 10, since the last call, we have received approval for an aggregate of $41 million of annualized revenue increases. Specifically, we settled the Ohio rate case, receiving a $23 million increase in the annual revenue requirement. We also received approval for our distribution replacement rider filing in Ohio and formula rate plan filing in Arkansas, resulting in annualized rate relief of $11 million and $7 million, respectively. Additionally, a conservation incentive plan bonus of $11 million was approved in Minnesota. Furthermore, we recently filed mechanisms in Indiana and Louisiana as well as a general rate case in Minnesota requesting a $62 million increase in the annual revenue requirement and $53 million for interim rates proposed to go into effect at the beginning of next year. Lastly, we anticipate filing a general rate case for our Beaumont/East Texas division later this year. Turning to Slide 11, we are on track in Indiana with developing our Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP, and we continue to anticipate filing the plan during the second quarter of next year. We are eager to put forward a plan that reduces carbon emissions, maintains grid integrity and provides reasonable rates for customers. Following the completion of the IRP, we will submit a new investment request plan to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission that reflects the IRP outcomes. On Slide 12, let me give you some highlights noted on Enables earnings call yesterday. First, they are focused on executing growth projects, including Gulf Run and the Merge, Arkoma, SCOOP and STACK transportation project. Second, despite the decline in rig count, rig efficiencies continue to help support volumes. Third, Enable continues to generate strong cash flows, and they forecast a strong distribution coverage for 2020. Lastly, Enable announced their 2020 guidance of $385 million to $445 million of net income attributable to common units. On Slide 13, we show that since its formation, through our ownership of common units, Enable has provided approximately $1.8 billion in cash distributions to CenterPoint, and we expect the total to  amount to grow to more than $3 billion by the end of 2023. The distributions from Enable provide an efficient source of cash to support our utility infrastructure investments. Let me close by saying that Im very pleased with our performance in the third quarter and anticipate a strong finish to 2019. As noted on Slide 14, as part of our overall strategy to improve earnings quality through increased relative contribution from our utilities, we continue to focus on the areas I outlined on the last earnings call; executing on merger integration and regulatory proceedings, managing O&M and continuing to invest in our utilities. Our nonutility businesses continue to provide cash, which helps fund the investments needed to serve our regulated service territories. I look forward to continuing to provide updates on our merger progress and delivering on the financial goals we set forth. Now let me turn to Xia for the financial update. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. I will now turn to the consolidated quarter-over-quarter guidance basis EPS drivers on Slide 16. Excluding merger impacts, for the quarter, we delivered $0.53 per diluted share compared with $0.39 for the same quarter last year. Our utilities provided a $0.23 positive variance. I would like to highlight four areas which contributed to our utilitys strong performance. First, operating income of the acquired Vectren utilities added $0.10 for the quarter; second, O&M savings provided a positive variance of $0.08; third, rate relief and customer growth provided a positive impact of $0.05; lastly, warmer-than-normal weather in our Houston Electric service territory provided approximately $0.03 of positive impact for the quarter. Our utilities continue to deliver strong results, and we are very pleased with their performance this quarter. Our nonutility businesses provided a combined positive variance of $0.10 quarter-to-quarter. Energy Services and Infrastructure Services performed as expected, providing a positive variance of $0.11. Midstream Investments provided a $0.01 negative variance. Merger financing and interest expenses are the primary drivers for the remaining negative variance of $0.19 partially offset by a positive variance of $0.03 driven by lower effective income tax rate. Turning to Slide 17, let me provide you some additional color on our utility businesses strong performance in the third quarter. Houston Electric added more than 48,000 customers year-over-year, which equates to approximately 2% growth. Our natural gas distribution business added more than 47,000 customers year-over-year in our legacy jurisdictions, which equates to approximately 1.4% growth. Including the over 1 million customers acquired from the merger, our natural gas distribution business is now the nations second largest gas utility by customer count, serving more than 4.5 million customers. As Scott mentioned, we continue to see momentum from our focus on O&M management. Looking at Slide 18, we are forecasting a positive year-over-year O&M variance of close to $100 million for 2019 across all 15 regulated jurisdictions. This represents 6% year-over-year reduction. This is a combination of merger savings and our general O&M discipline efforts. This holistic expense management approach will continue to be our focus going forward. In terms of utility capital investment, we expect full year 2019 to be approximately $100 million higher than originally planned. The additional investment is related to system modernization at Houston Electric and increased pipeline replacement work for our natural gas distribution businesses. As discussed on our last call, we anticipate the overall amount of capital investment in utilities for the 2020 to 2024 period will be maintained at the levels from the previous five-year plan. Our capital planning process is in full swing, and we plan to provide a comprehensive update on our capital investment program on the fourth quarter earnings call. We must become more efficient while maintaining our strong focus on safely operating our businesses and investing in infrastructure to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable services to our customers. We will remain focused on managing expenses, efficiently allocating capital and earning close to our allowed ROEs. Turning to Slide 19, you will see a breakdown of consolidated diluted guidance basis EPS and performance expectations for the remainder of 2019. On a guidance basis and excluding merger impacts, year-to-date through September, we have delivered $1.34 per diluted share, $0.10 higher compared to the same period the last year. Looking forward to the end of the year, operating income from our utility businesses for the year is expected to be $0.65 higher than 2018 driven by rate relief, customer growth, O&M management, weather as well as newly acquired jurisdictions. Operating income from Energy Services and Infrastructure Services is expected to be $0.13 higher than last year, primarily driven by an $0.18 increase from the newly acquired Infrastructure Services offset by a $0.05 decrease from Energy Services. We expect earnings from Midstream Investments to be $0.06 short of the performance from last year, reflecting the lower end of Enables earnings guidance for the year. The remaining $0.63 negative variance is driven by $0.65 attributable to merger financing impacts partially offset by a positive variance of $0.02 as a result of interest expense and tax. In summary, excluding potential other variability, as noted on this slide, we expect to deliver full year 2019 guidance basis EPS near the top end of our $1.60 to $1.70 guidance range. I understand investors are eager to hear clarity around some of the developments surrounding our 2020 guidance and EPS growth forecast. Slide 20 provides a high-level time line outlining several key activities over the next few months. Yesterday, Enable provided their 2020 earnings guidance. In the coming months, we expect clarity on the pending Houston Electric rate case, further refinement of the five-year capital plan, including technology integration costs and the resulting financing plan. Let me share some thoughts on how we plan to provide guidance on the fourth quarter call. First of all, with respect to merger-related synergies, were on track to exceed the $50 million targeted for 2019. And given our year-over-year O&M reduction is approaching $100 million this year, we are already on target for our anticipated synergies for 2020. Following this year, we will focus on consolidated O&M management rather than discussing synergies separately from general O&M management. Second, were on track with respect to merger integration and expect total cost to achieve to be between $210 million to $230 million for 2019. Were in the process of finalizing our technology integration plans and expect to provide an updated estimate for cost to achieve beyond 2019 on the fourth quarter earnings call. Given that these costs are not reflective of ongoing earnings potential, we intend to continue to exclude cost to achieve from guidance going forward. Third, we intend to provide 2020 earnings guidance for CenterPoint businesses excluding Enable earnings. Separately, we will provide an earnings range from Enable based on the public guidance they have provided. In addition, we plan to provide multiyear utility EPS growth targets. We believe this approach will better highlight many important aspects of our utility businesses, including capital expenditures, rate base growth rates as well as financing requirements associated with the capital programs. While some issues are still open with respect to our 2020 outlook, let me remind you that our core business fundamentals are sound. Customer growth remained steady in our service territories. We continue to make capital investments in our utilities to address growth, safety, reliability, resiliency and customer service needs across our service territories. We continue to be committed to maintaining solid investment-grade credit quality as we firmly believe that a strong balance sheet is fundamental in providing long-term value to our customers and shareholders. In conclusion, we delivered another strong quarter and remain confident in achieving near the top end of our 2019 guidance basis EPS range. We are executing our merger plan and achieving synergies. We are focused on driving efficiencies throughout our business. Were deploying significant capital to meet our customers needs. We are using the cash from our nonutility businesses to partially fund utility capital needs. Finally, we anticipate utility earnings will make up approximately 75% of our overall earnings this year. This performance reinforces our commitment and ability to effectively manage the business and deliver on shareholder expectations. Ill now turn it back to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Xia. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, Ill ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Jumeirah?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Ali Agha and SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Scott, I believe it was as recent as the last earnings call at which you had reiterated a consolidated long-term growth rate of 5% to 7% for CenterPoint off the 2018 actual base. Is that no longer operative now?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, we have postponed talking about the growth rate until we get clarity on the earnings around the CEHE rate case. And I think Xia also indicated that going forward, we intend to talk about growth excluding Enable. So those are the two pieces that have entered into the equation now. But of those two, the biggest is really getting clarity on the Houston Electric rate proceeding.
Ali Agha: Okay. And on the rate proceeding, can you at least give us  I know you laid out some markers in the slide deck. But to put it in some context, can you give us some sense of  if this proposed decision does become final relative to expectations, how big of a negative it should be?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Its  clearly, the PFD is not a good outcome. Weve tried to communicate that. Maybe one way to think about it is relative to current rates, weve assumed that we would at least be recovering the additional investment, the over  the $1 billion-plus of investment that we have already put in service that is not yet in rates. If we just recovered that piece, so that would be an increase, if you will, in rates from where we were, whereas the PFD has suggested a decrease. So that is a  thats a sizable or a notable difference. Additionally, the reductions in FFO were not anticipated as well. We will be in a better position to describe the actual impacts of that as we get clarity. And I just want to reiterate, while the PFD is challenging, the commission has yet to weigh in on this, and we remain confident in the process and hopeful that the commission will reach a more balanced decision as they look at the facts.
Ali Agha: Right. And just one quick follow-up. Are you still committed to all the nonutility businesses? Are they still considered core as far as youre concerned?
Scott Prochazka: The nonutility businesses are a source of cash generation for us for our utilities. Thats how we look at them. We mentioned on the last call, and Ill just reiterate, that our regular cadence of activity is to continually evaluate each of our businesses to figure out if they are providing the maximum value possible to shareholders, and we continue to do that on an ongoing basis.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Ali.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Weinstein and Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Could you comment a little bit about your strategic plans for the nonregulated businesses, particularly the Infrastructure Services business going forward? Are you  do you intend to hold on to them long term? Or are we looking at a full divestiture at some point?
Scott Prochazka: I think the best way to answer that is maybe a reiteration of what I had just mentioned to Ali, and that is we see those businesses today as a source of cash for investment in our utility businesses. And as part of a regular course of management, we evaluate whether businesses are providing the maximum value to shareholders as they possibly can. And we look at that on a regular basis, as does our Board. So we continue to think about our businesses in that context with an eye towards value maximization.
Michael Weinstein: And for Xia, just wondering if  it looks like you found about $100 million worth of O&M reductions so far. And Im wondering if  just generally speaking ahead of the fourth quarter review, are you pleasantly surprised with what youre finding? Or are you optimistic about the future? Have you  hows the review going so far?
Xia Liu: Its going very well. The part of the $100 million is what we expected, which is the synergies that we set forth a target of $50-plus million this year. So we are ahead of that. I think the team has done a really good job from day one getting costs out and continue to focus on basically turning every rock to see where we can find additional synergies. So the team has done a really good job this year improving processes and achieving synergies. At the same time, we reiterated our focus on overall O&M efficiency focus. So over the past several quarters, we have seen the results from the continued focus on that. I think all businesses have made their commitment in looking at the overall spending plan and make sure we are basically doing everything we can to become more efficient. So Im very optimistic about the future, about our continued focus on that aspect. At the same time, I think it would allow us to continue to focus on capital deployment and grow our utility infrastructure.
Michael Weinstein: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Shar Pourreza and Guggenheim.
Constantine Lednev: Hi, good morning. Its actually Constantine here for Shar. I just wanted to congratulate you guys on a good quarter.
Scott Prochazka: Hi, Constantine.
Constantine Lednev: A couple of questions here. Understanding that its an early outlook on the capital plan, but can you kind of give a little bit of color on any moving pieces that youve kind of seen that you can address at this time versus prior expectations? And how does that early outlook kind of correspond to keeping the utility growth intact? Or is there anything incremental?
Xia Liu: Yes. Sure. The  as I shared just now, we expect about  over $100 million increase from  for 2019 compared to what we previously communicated with you for the year. And for the 2020 to 2024 period, we expect the overall aggregate amount to be similar to what we shared with you from the prior five-year plan. The timing of it could be different, and that one key factor is the IRP. Were finalizing the IRP in Indiana. So the timing of that will be incorporated as well as the continued need from our legacy utilities and from the new acquired gas. So I would say that overall, from an aggregate standpoint, we see we will maintain at a similar level for the next five years.
Constantine Lednev: And so kind of as this kind of plan gets formulated, can you give a little bit of color how it fits with the kind of strategic objectives that you outlined of kind of growing the utility earnings? Does that have a kind of a purely organic objective at this point?
Xia Liu: Yes. Grow utilities, continuing to focus on O&M management and try to be smart about allocating capital and try to achieve closer to our allowed ROEs.
Constantine Lednev: And just one quick follow-up on that. So with kind of the O&M management kind of that you highlighted on the call, so it looks like some pretty good numbers from kind of where were sitting. Is there kind of specific programs going forward that you see going on? And kind of how deep do you see that pool? And just if you can, any kind of statements on the kind of recurring nature of the savings program kind of moving past 2020?
Xia Liu: I think the best way to answer that is were very pleased with where we are so far, and were pleased about the projected year-end numbers. And we think that will be a good starting point going forward. And as we apply a similar discipline, we expect the momentum to continue into the future years.
Constantine Lednev: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So a couple of follow-ups here. On the strategic decisions here, how do you think about the balance sheet into 2020 and potential needs to raise capital against? Also, I think if I can square it, your slides also specifically say a five-year utility outlook, obviously ex Enable. But I just want to make sure I understand. I mean are we to think about the other ex Enable businesses being potentially on the table here to address balance sheet needs? Or how are you thinking about them at this point? And then I have a follow-up.
Scott Prochazka: So Julien, the way I would think about it is what Ive said earlier, right? Today, we  the nonutility businesses and the non-Enable nonutility businesses are a source of cash for us today. So when we talk about providing a look going forward, it would be for the portfolio excluding Enable. Thats one way to think about it. You had another part to your question.
Xia Liu: The balance sheet
Scott Prochazka: The balance sheet. Ill let Xia talk to the balance sheet portion.
Xia Liu: Yes. Julien, the CEHE rate case will be a very important component of that decision. And thats part of the reason why we are not ready to share the equity financing number yet because like Scott mentioned, the FFO reduction, that in itself would impact the financing needs to maintain similar credit metrics. So were not quite ready to address that yet, but were fully aware that maintaining our credit quality is very important. Continuing to find ways to strengthen the balance sheet is another priority.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Fair enough. And then, again, kudos on the cost cuts this year indeed. Can you talk briefly about how you think about that going forward? I mean, obviously, weve got a big pending rate case. I understand that. At the same time, how do you think about narrowing that gap going forward? How do you think about earned returns across the utility business this year and into next and potentially continuing to narrow that gap?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Julien, Ill start and maybe Xia may want to add. We had every intention of continuing our discipline around expense management. I would say the driving force that allowed us to make a sizable move this year was the merger, but we think of the savings that we have today as a new starting point from which to manage our expense equation going forward. And we will continue to be very focused on managing expense. The actual numbers associated, were still working those out, but we see the gains that weve made to date as establishing a new level from which to work.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: But to clarify briefly, if you can, what kind of gap are we talking about today versus prospectively that we can achieve, if you will?
Scott Prochazka: From an O&M perspective?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. As in  or from an earned return perspective, how much of a gap is there to narrow in your mind, given some of the cost reduction that were talking about?
Xia Liu: Yes, Julien, trying to  I think this year, we are  we closed some of the headroom related to  from the expected returns versus the allowed returns, so  particularly our natural gas businesses are doing a really good job. And just focusing on every dollar isnt the same. So where do we deploy  make sure that we provide safety, reliable service, at the same time, being really smart about where to deploy the next incremental dollars. At CEHE, the  you know the timing of filing TCOS and DCRF, that in itself will continue to have a lag. For instance, the time you file TCOS versus the time we receive the revenues, there is a three-month delay. And DCRF is filing in April and getting rates in September. So the inherent regulatory lag will continue to be there. At the same time, I think the continued focus on O&M will give us some ability. I dont think we could close completely the gap to the allowed ROE, but that definitely is a focus for us going forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Fair enough guys. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question is from Insoo Kim and Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Maybe starting with the CEHE rate case. I understand theres a lot of moving parts thatll go into the 2020 guidance thatll be provided in February. But Scott, when you mentioned that  just when were trying to put some pieces together, your original guidance, which had the $182 million midpoint, had about, I guess, the $1 billion of spend that you werent getting the recovery and return on, and the PFD would result in $27 million of operating income decrease from the current rates. If I just take the rate base math of the $1 billion and then also the small difference in the operating income in the PFD, that would  I would calculate something like a $0.12, $0.13 difference. All else being equal, is that the way I should think about just how CEHE was included in the original guidance and what the PFD would imply?
Scott Prochazka: Insoo, I think the math and the way youre thinking is the right line of thinking. A couple of things, though. That doesnt include the impacts associated with the reduction in FFO. Thats just the  kind of the earnings side. Xia talked earlier about a significant reduction in FFO could accelerate the needs for equity, for example, to maintain the current metrics. So it doesnt include that nor does it include what I would consider management response because depending on the outcome, we would consider what actions we can take to help mitigate the negative effects of an outcome. But thats why I said theres a lot of moving parts here. And while were trying to provide clarity about what the PFD says, I just want to reiterate the process isnt over, and the commissioners have not yet opined on this. And we are very hopeful that the commissioners will have a different view of whats appropriate.
Xia Liu: Insoo, Ill just add quickly, in the original guidance, we also had expectations on Enable and the other nonutility businesses. And youre aware about the development particularly related to the Enable. They guided to the lower end of this year, and they just issued their 2020 guidance. That was another component in the original guidance range.
Insoo Kim: Yes. I totally understand all the other moving parts. I just didnt want to open up a little can of worms on all the moving pieces. Appreciate that. Maybe secondly, related to  sticking with CEHE. If the results of the PFD do hold with the associated disallowances, how does that impact your thoughts going forward on future capital spend at the utility? And what type of investments you may make or may not make, given the current rate case decision?
Scott Prochazka: Well, Id say, look, we still have an obligation to serve the customers in our service territory, and the needs of our customers ultimately are the ones that drive our thinking about capital. There is a little bit of discretionary capital from a timing perspective. But by and large, the capital we spend is needed to serve the needs of the community. So we would have to  for example, if there were disallowances upheld, we would have to get clarity on views around what is acceptable spend before we go down the path of making the spend. Thats one example of some management action that we need to take here. But the capital itself would be driven by  primarily by  its going to be driven by the needs of the community as opposed to the  necessarily the outcome of the proceeding.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Chris Turnure and JPMorgan.
Chris Turnure: The only question that I had left for you guys was on kind of where youre at right now with Houston Electric credit metrics, just kind of where theyre at, including outlooks. When you last got an update from the agencies? And if these have been part of the discussion at all with the interveners so far in Texas?
Xia Liu: Our rating agencies are fully aware of where we are from the CEHE rate case standpoint. We keep the communication very transparent and open with them. I think they are, just like us, eager to find out what the final outcome will be from the PUC ruling. So one thing is that we are aware of the PFD recommendations. But the other thing, like Scott said a couple of times, we remain hopeful that the final outcome is more balanced and constructive outcome. So depending on the outcome, I think the rating agencies will communicate again with the rating agencies about where we are.
Scott Prochazka: Chris, I would also add, I think the interveners are certainly very aware of the views of the rating agencies, about the condition that CEHEs in relative to the rate proceeding as well as the commission and others is  the information and views around this have  and concerns, quite frankly, have been shared as part of the process.
Chris Turnure: Okay. Because certainly, some of your peers have had that as part of their discussions in recent rate case processes there around the authorized equity layer and other things.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, its absolutely part of our discussion.
Chris Turnure: Okay. So it sounds like certainly part of the discussion, but also nothing has changed there in terms of the focus or lack of focus on that versus prior discussions for other rate cases in Houston.
Scott Prochazka: Well, again, the only information we have so far is the judges view of PFD. Thats the only piece of information thats come out about how to think about this. The commission has yet to weigh in on this particular issue. But we made it very clear, going into the rate case and throughout the periods in which we can respond to comments and provide our own comments, of the issues associated with this subject around credit metrics is caused by different factors. So everyone is very  all the key parties are very aware of this issue.
Xia Liu: Chris, to your point, the recommendations from the ALJ didnt take that into consideration.
Chris Turnure: Okay. Helpful color. Thank you guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman and Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: Scott, on Slide 8, you seem to imply a decision might not be reached next week. But it seems like everything is queued up for the commission to make that decision. Is there something theyre still waiting on? Or what is your  why might they not make a decision next week?
Scott Prochazka: Well, it could be a number of things. It could be that they  theres a number of issues that were asking them to opine on. Theres a full agenda, for example, at the meeting on the 14th. There are just a number of things going on. And while we would perhaps like them to work through every one of our issues and debate and make a decision, it may be, from a timing standpoint, that they dont get through everything, and it just gets pushed to the following meeting. Theyre not obligated to kind of make a decision at this upcoming meeting. So thats why we think its possible they could begin dialogue and push it to another meeting. It is also possible they could get to an end point, but nothing other than just the number of issues to be debated and the size of the agenda that will make us think it would be pushed.
Charles Fishman: Sounds like administrative then more than any technical thing.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Thats the way to think of it
Charles Fishman: And then a second question. On Slide 24, I  first nine months on the operating earnings or guidance basis earnings, $0.29 from the utilities  positive from the utilities acquired in the merger, $0.14 from the Energy Services business. If my math is right, thats $0.43 and yet $0.48 negative from the merger financing. Is that being unfair to say this transaction looks pretty dilutive for the first nine months? Or should some of that $0.07 O&M management be credited towards the merger?
Xia Liu: Yes. Some of the O&M management should be credited towards the merger. I think the merger financing itself is around $0.48. If you add the pickup from the acquired jurisdictions, Indiana Electric year-to-date added $0.16, legacy Vectren gas added $0.13, the Infrastructure Services added $0.14, and then some of the O&M management should be credited to the variance. You should compare those moving parts to the merger financing.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So at this point, at least through the first nine months, if I take some credit for the O&M management, the transaction is roughly breakeven.
Xia Liu: Yes. Thats a good way to think about it.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashar Khan and Verition.
Ashar Khan: Good morning. Good earnings. Can I just ask that you said you will be providing the CAGR for the utility business based on the forecast for this year 2019? And if we can assume we are at the upper end, how much would utility earnings come out to be in that scenario? I wanted to start off with the base and just wanted to get a good idea. So under your current guidance for 2019, what would the utility guidance be?
Xia Liu: Its  roughly 75% of the  of our earnings is expected to be from the utilities. Keep in mind, there are several moving parts in there. We had some favorable weather in there, and we also had favorable income tax items that might not necessarily repeat itself. But roughly, the way to think about it is the utility is 75% of the earnings expectations. And thats based on todays CEHE regulatory construct. So the outcome
Ashar Khan: Okay. So if I take 75% of $1.70, its $1.27. And how much would you say is weather and the tax items? Could you just quantify those year-to-date, how much would those be?
Xia Liu: Yes. Yes, happy to. So year-to-date, weather, roughly $0.03 positive, a little over $0.03.
Ashar Khan: Okay.
Xia Liu: And the favorable tax item for this year alone is roughly $0.05.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So we are running approximately $1.20 base this year normalized for taxes and weather as  its for the utility. Would that be a fair number?
Xia Liu: Yes, close to.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our last question is from Anthony Crowdell and Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning. Hopefully an easy question. Whats the process on the motion for rehearing in Houston, like the time frame? And how long  like I guess the clarity on the motion for hearing?
Scott Prochazka: Jason, do you want to come down here and answer this for me?
Jason Ryan: Sure.
Scott Prochazka: Im going to bring our regulatory expert down here to make sure he doesnt have to correct me on the timing.
Jason Ryan: Good morning. Its Jason Ryan. So the process for rehearing is that a couple of weeks after the order issued by the commission, motions for rehearing are due. And then the commission has up to 100 days from the date of their order to rule on motions for rehearing or theyre just overruled by the passage of time.
Anthony Crowdell: Do you have any like historical preference in Texas of maybe when orders have been changed through rehearing? Is that something you guys have or can disclose?
Jason Ryan: So motions for rehearing are granted and denied depending on the issues that they raise. Sometimes the motions for rehearing are granted to correct a purely administrative item versus changing a substantive ruling sometimes there are changes at the substantive rulings.
Anthony Crowdell: Does  on Slide 8, you stated that the you stated the new rates going into effect 45 days after the PUCT order becomes final. If you file for a motion for rehearing, when is that final date? When the motion for rehearing is either granted or denied, is that the final date?
Jason Ryan: Yes.
Anthony Crowdell: Got it. Thats all my questions. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time there are no further questions. I will now turn it back over to David Mordy for any closing remarks at this time.
David Mordy: Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you at the Edison Electric Institute Conference shortly. We will now conclude our third quarter 2019 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-07 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Xia Liu, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our second quarter 2019 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call we will be using slides which can be found under the Investors Section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They've been posted on our website as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts, and post to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories, and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss guidance for 2019. The 2019 guidance basis EPS range excludes the following impacts associated with the Vectren merger: integration and transaction related fees and expenses including severance and other costs to achieve the anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger; and merger financing impacts in January prior to the completion of the merger due to the issuance of debt and equity securities to fund the merger that result in higher -- resulted in higher net interest expense, preferred stock dividend requirements, and higher common stock share count. The 2019 guidance range considers operations performance to-date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as customer growth approximately 2% for electric operations and 1% for natural gas distribution; and usage including normal weather throughput; commodity prices; recovery of capital invested through rate cases and other filings; effective tax rates; financing activities and related interest rates; and regulatory and judicial proceedings; as well as the volume of work contracted in our Infrastructure Services business. The range also considers anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger. The range assumes the lower end of Enable Midstream Partners 2019 guidance range for net income attributable to common units provided on Enable's second quarter earnings call on August 6th, 2019. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses the non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items including those from Enable, earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS, and related securities or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business, which along with certain excluded impacts associated with the merger, could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. CenterPoint Energy is unable to present a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted diluted earnings per share because changes in the value of ZENS and related securities and mark-to-market gains and losses resulting from the company's Energy Services business are not estimable as they are highly variable and difficult to predict due to various factors outside of management's control. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I'm pleased to report that we have delivered a solid second quarter driven by consistent strong performance in our utility operations backed by strong cash contributions from our non-utility businesses. I'd like to begin with Slide 5. This morning we reported second quarter 2019 income available to common shareholders of $165 million or $0.33 per diluted share compared with a loss of $75 million or $0.17 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2018. On a guidance basis and excluding merger impacts, second quarter 2019 adjusted earnings were $0.35 per diluted share compared with $0.30 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2018. Xia will cover our financials in greater detail shortly. It's been approximately 180 days since we successfully closed on our merger of Vectren. With the addition of Indiana and Ohio to our regulated operations, we have increased our collective rate base by 45%. Through the merger, we created a growing energy-delivery company that is expected to drive value for our shareholders. Turning to slide six, I would like to take the opportunity to outline CenterPoint's post-merger long-term value proposition. First, we intend to increase the earnings contribution from regulated utilities through capital investment to serve our utility customers. We continue to expect approximately 8% compound annual rate base growth through 2023, which will drive utility growth and overall earnings. Second, the cash from our non-utility businesses will continue to be an important source of funding for our growing utilities. Third, we are committed to solid investment grade credit quality and a strong balance sheet; and fourth, we expect to deliver strong shareholder returns through EPS growth of 5% to 7%, along with consistent dividend growth. Turning to slide seven. As many of you read on Monday in our amended 13D filing, we no longer intend to sell our common units of Enable Midstream Partners. Much has changed since we first considered the sale of Enable common units. Following the close of our recent merger, we have increased utility capital needs and Midstream Investments now represents a smaller percentage of our earnings. Enable has taken several steps to de-risk its business, including moving to a more fee-based gathering and processing contracts, securing new sizable transportation agreements and successfully strengthening its coverage ratios. Enable has maintained a strong balance sheet and provided consistent cash flows over the past five years. Enable's continued solid performance and strong coverage ratio allowed it to increase quarterly common unit distributions by approximately 4% to $0.3305 per common unit, its first increase since 2015. Since its formation, through our ownership of common units, Enable has provided approximately $1.7 billion in cash distributions to CenterPoint and we expect the total amount to grow to over $3 billion by 2023. The distributions from Enable provide an efficient source of cash to support our utility infrastructure investments. Slide eight shows the steady cash and adjusted EBITDA our non-utility businesses generate to support our utility growth. You can see that, in addition to the consistent cash distribution from Enable, Energy Services and Infrastructure Services are also steady generators of adjusted EBITDA. The adjusted EBITDA they generate more than offsets the capital investments required by these businesses. In the near term, we have identified four focus areas. This is shown on slide nine. We must continue to execute merger integration, execute our regulatory strategy, manage O&M spending, and strengthen utility infrastructure to provide long-term customer value. We're making great progress with merger integration activities. CenterPoint closed the merger of Vectren less than 10 months after announcement. This reflects the constructive regulatory environment of our entire footprint. We remain committed to planning and executing a very focused integration effort. In 2019, our intention has been on implementing process improvements and achieving synergy targets. We took immediate actions to begin savings on day one and remain on track towards our 2019 target of over $50 million of savings. We continue to estimate $75 million to $100 million in merger savings for 2020. Beyond 2019, we expect our primary merger-related activities will be integrating technology systems. The design and implementation of these activities is still being developed and will be finalized later this year. This important work includes creating a single set of systems across the company for finance, accounting, supply-chain operations and customer experience. Slide 10 details recent regulatory developments. With respect to the Houston Electric rate case, we anticipate receiving a recommendation from the administrative law judge in September and a decision from the Public Utility Commission of Texas in the fourth quarter of 2019.  We have constructive relationships with our regulators and other stakeholders and believe our operational performance, our commitment to our customers, and the investments we make, all of which support Houston's continued growth, will help provide for a fair and appropriate outcome in this case. For natural gas distribution, we have received rate relief through the Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program in Texas, and a compliance and system improvement adjustment in Indiana. We expect to receive the final order in our Ohio rate case in the second half of 2019. We have also filed for additional rate relief in Ohio and other jurisdictions. In Indiana, we are in the process of creating a new integrated resource plan or IRP for Indiana electric and we show a timeline on slide 11. We are currently working with stakeholders to determine the appropriate solution for generation in Southern Indiana. We continue to anticipate filing the new IRP during the second quarter of next year. We will look to begin new construction on appropriate generation solutions following the completion of the IRP process. On slide 12, I'd like to highlight our ESG efforts, particularly our commitment to environmental stewardship. We are proud of our progress to date, and we'll continue our efforts to further improve the environments of the communities we serve. The most significant contribution we make in reducing greenhouse gas is through our natural gas distribution business pipeline replacement program, which is the largest component of our $5.3 billion five-year natural gas distribution capital plan. Since 2012, we have replaced over 700 miles of cast iron pipe across our service territory. These specific cast iron replacements, as well as our other pipeline replacement modernization programs have helped reduce our annual gas emissions by over 30% per unit of natural gas delivered since 2012. These investments not only better enable us to safely serve our customers. They're also beneficial to the environment. We're proud of the progress we have made in this area. Additionally, as you maybe aware Electric Generation owned by Indiana electric comprises approximately 3% of our fixed assets. Between 2005 and 2018, Indiana electric has made significant progress to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 20%. We were also one of the first utilities to implement Advanced Metering System automation across our Houston Electric footprint, reducing truck rolls and avoiding more than 17,000 tons of greenhouse gas emissions since 2009. Additionally, Energy Services has been purchasing green gas also known as renewable natural gas for more than 10 years. While the amount purchased each year is relatively small, the demand for green gas continues to grow. Let me close by saying that, I'm pleased with our performance in the second quarter. And despite a challenging first quarter, we have taken steps to achieve our financial objectives. I remain, confident in CenterPoint's long-term value proposition, and the continued near-term focus areas to achieve our goals. I look forward to continuing to provide updates on our merger progress, and delivering on the financial goals we set forth. Now, let me turn to Xia for the financial update. Xia?
Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. I'd like to begin my comments with some good quick thoughts on my first 90 days. Since joining the company, I have spent valuable time immersing myself into CenterPoint's businesses and strategy. I must say today as a regulated utility serving growing jurisdictions CenterPoint offers a compelling long-term value proposition. I'm excited about the future of CenterPoint and I look forward to continuing to work alongside Scott, to help lead the company forward. Turning to slide 14, our utility businesses performed well in the second quarter. Houston Electric added nearly 43,000 customer's year-over-year, which has equated to approximately 1.7% growth. Our natural gas distribution business added more than 48,000 customer's year-over-year in legacy jurisdictions, which equates to approximately 1.4% growth. As a result of closing the merger in February this year, we added more than 145,000 electric customers in Indiana and nearly 1.1 million customers in our natural gas distribution business. Our natural gas distribution business is now the nation's second largest gas utility by customer count. As Scott discussed earlier, one of our near-term focus area is continued O&M expense management to achieve operational efficiency. Earlier this year, we highlighted the importance of this effort and took steps to control costs and realize merger savings, while safely operating our business. This discipline has resulted in a positive variance in the second quarter. We expect this O&M discipline will continue within each of our functions and businesses. We will remain steadfast and laser focused in delivering our merger-related savings. Another focus area is to strengthen utility infrastructure to provide long-term customer value. In terms of capital expenditures, we anticipate an increase of system modernization investment for Houston Electric and an increase in pipeline replacement work for our natural gas distribution businesses over the next couple of years. Despite the anticipated delay of some capital at Indiana electric beyond the 2023 time frame, we continue to expect the overall amount of capital for the 2019 to 2023 period will be maintained at the levels we provided in our last 10-K. Consistent with our past practice, we plan to provide a comprehensive update on our capital investment program on the fourth quarter earnings call. I will now turn to the consolidated quarter-over-quarter guidance basis EPS drivers on slide 15. Excluding merger impact for the quarter, we delivered $0.35 per diluted share on a guidance basis, compared to $0.30 for the same quarter last year. I would like to highlight three areas that contributed to our utility's strong performance. First, operating income of newly acquired Vectren utility added $0.08 for the quarter. Second, rate relief provided a positive impact of $0.04 mainly attributable to the transmission cost of service filing for Houston Electric and the Texas Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program filings for natural gas distribution. Lastly, O&M provided a positive variance of $0.02. Overall, we're very pleased with the utility's performance for the quarter. Next turning to slide 16, I will provide some details of the operating income for CenterPoint Energy Services and Infrastructure Services. For Energy Services, lower gas prices and lack of price volatility we experienced in the first quarter continued into the second quarter. Price volatility we experienced this year has been more limited than any of the prior three years. This was the primary driver for the $8 million unfavorable variance quarter-over-quarter, excluding mark-to-market impacts. We have revised our forecast for the remainder of 2019 to reflect estimated gas sales margins consistent with those earned through the first six months and to reflect reduced expectations of weather-driven storage activity relative to 2018. We're now estimating total operating income for the year of $35 million to $45 million, excluding mark-to-market impacts. Our Infrastructure Services business performed well in the second quarter achieving operating income of $31 million, excluding merger-related expenses. For reference, the business' second quarter operating income in 2018 was $28 million as part of Vectren. Excluding merger-related impact, the full year operating income is expected to be $84 million to $94 million, excluding the $10 million operating loss in January as part of Vectren. We anticipate that full year results will be driven by both transmission and distribution work, as we continue to work with a stable core group of customers in our footprint. We look forward to continued strong performance from Infrastructure Services for the remainder of the year. Turning to slide 17, you will see a breakdown of consolidated diluted EPS on a guidance basis and performance expectations for the remainder of 2019. On the guidance basis and excluding merger impacts, year-to-date through June 30, we have delivered $0.81 per diluted share $0.04 lower compared to the same period last year. Excluding weather and potential other variability as noted on the slide, we expect to deliver $0.84 per diluted share in the second half of the year, which translates into a full year guidance basis EPS of $1.65, the midpoint of our guidance range. This represents a $0.09 increase compared to the second half of 2018. For the year, operating income for our utility operations is expected to be $0.62 higher than 2018, driven by rate relief, customer growth, O&M management as well as newly acquired jurisdiction. Operating income from Energy Services and Infrastructure Services are expected to be $0.14 higher than last year, primarily driven by $0.18 from the newly acquired Infrastructure Services offset by a $0.04 decrease from Energy Services. We expect earnings from Midstream Investments to be $0.06 short of the performance from last year, reflecting the lower end of the Enable's earnings guidance for the year and $0.02 dilution loss we recorded in the first quarter. The remaining $0.65 variance is mainly driven by merger financing impacts post February 1st and interest associated with debt acquired in the merger, partially offset by lower income tax expense. For the full year, we anticipate roughly 75% of earnings to be from our utilities. We are reaffirming the 2019 guidance basis EPS range of $1.60 to $1.70 and continue to target a 5% to 7% EPS growth CAGR through 2023 as shown on slide 18. In terms of 2020, let me remind you that our business fundamentals are strong and our key drivers for earnings growth continue to be strong rate base growth from increased capital investment in our utility, better utility customer growth, execution of our regulatory strategy and rate relief, as well as a full year contribution from the Vectren utility. As you know we anticipate more clarity on the Houston Electric rate case and Enable's 2020 earnings guidance later this year as well as technology system integration cost. We're beginning our normal planning process for the full year EPS forecast, which will incorporate these factors and culminate in our providing the 2020 EPS forecast on the fourth quarter earnings Call. Before I conclude, I'd like to remind everyone of CenterPoint's commitment to solid investment grade credit quality. Our focus on improving credit quality is essential to providing long-term value to our customers and shareholders. Let me also remind everyone of our recently declared dividend of $0.2875 per share of common stock. This is approximately a 4% increase relative to a year ago and consistent with our 4% annual increases in dividends over the last several years. To summarize, we had a strong quarter and are well on our way to achieve our 2019 guidance basis EPS range of $1.60 to $1.70. We intend to hold our investment Enable to help fund a robust capital plan for our combined utility. Finally, we continue to target a 5% to 7% EPS growth CAGR based largely on anticipated utility growth. CenterPoint is a strong geographically diverse company with the sound value proposition. We are well-positioned operationally and strategically to deliver for our customers and provide financial growth to enhance shareholder value. I'll now turn it back to David.
David Mordy: Thank you Xia. We will now open the call to questions. In there interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Catherine?
Operator: Yes, sir. At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: Good morning. Thank you. May be just starting right off the back with the 2020 guidance. I'm appreciating all the different levers and drivers that you'll need to go through to provide us with an update. But as of today just given the prior guidance that was in place with the midpoint of $1.82. At least on the regulated side, are you able to confirm that the regulated growth that you had embedded previously is still intact for 2020?
Scott Prochazka: Insoo good morning. This is Scott. As we said earlier, we're going to go through the whole exercise of updating our guidance through the process of planning. But as Xia pointed out, we are continuing to invest in our utilities and the utilities get their growth through investment and then subsequent recovery. So the growth potential for our utilities is still very, very much intact but we're going to provide more clarity on exactly what that looks like as we complete this planning process.
Insoo Kim: Understood. I guess understanding that Enable or other non-regulated differences there maybe more volatility associated with it. But I just wanted to know if there were developments on the regulatory -- on the regulated side since a few months ago that has made any changes to your assumptions?
Scott Prochazka: No there's not. We haven't -- as I said, we haven't gone through the process. But as we sit here today, we still have the same issues and levers and opportunities facing that businesses we did before.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And thank you for the slide on all the cash contributions coming from the various non-reg businesses. Just when you look out into the capital plan over the next few years is there an updated thought on the first time you may need more meaningful equity?
Xia Liu: Insoo like Scott pointed out, the capital program for the utility we think for 2019 to 2023 will be consistent with what we disclosed before at our last 10-K. The timing of the capital like Scott pointed out could move around within this five-year window. So in terms of a five-year equity issuance, we are not expecting a change at this time. The timing of it may be slightly different.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Insoo.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Good morning guys. One follow-up on the last question about 2020 guidance and the decision to maybe not reiterate that. You did reiterate the 5% to 7% growth off the 2018 base and the bottom end of that is $1.76. So, that would be kind of in line with your prior bottom end. I just wanted to make sure that your message is clear on that 5% to 7% growth rate over the long term at least?
Scott Prochazka: That is still very clear, yes. Still very much intact.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then the decision to take the Enable sale off the table I think is pretty clear and you articulated the rationale behind that in the comments. But maybe you could give us more detail on the timing choice as to why the decision was made yesterday? And the idea that Enable's one of many businesses you have that are non-utility. How do you think about the rest of the businesses and their contribution to the portfolio cash or business risk and otherwise?
Scott Prochazka: So, from a timing standpoint, it's simply the result of us having completed an evaluation of our thinking about that ownership. And it just culminated following some discussions with our Board and we chose Monday to disclose that following those discussions with our Board. So, that's the only -- the only thing that went into the timing and it was really driven by as I said earlier, the post-merger environment, given where we sit today with our capital requirements given what Enable has done to derisk their business observing the consistency of the cash flows and of course as we know the markets aren't really constructive for unit sales. So, it all fell together for us to make this change and communicate the value of the cash flow that Enable brings to our capital needs. I think your second -- remind me of your second question if you would.
Christopher Turnure: May be just kind of the broader picture with the contribution of the other non-regulated businesses to the company, cash flow, and business risk, how you think about them?
Scott Prochazka: So, we look at them as a source of cash. As Xia noted earlier, their EBITDA exceeds their capital requirements. So, we look at them as a source of cash for funding. There is more risk in those businesses certainly than the utilities. But we look to operate those in a way where we can mitigate those risks. We do see the value there being the cash.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. So, I guess no change from prior in terms of those businesses being core to the company?
Scott Prochazka: We -- as I said earlier, we appreciate and enjoy realizing the cash that comes off of them, but we constantly have to challenge ourselves to think about ways -- each of our businesses can create more shareholder value which is part of our process. And a great example is exactly what we did with our Enable evaluation and the decision we made around keeping those units.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. And then just one clarification kind of within this line of questioning. Your prior -- I guess current guidance tell us that you don't need equity this year or next. Remind me, if selling Enable shares was part of that? Or selling Enable shares was part of your funding plan over the long-term kind of discreetly?
Xia Liu: Yeah. Selling Enable units was definitely a part of the  in the mix. And that's why we were actively out there saying that that was one of the strategic options for us. So now we've made a decision to keep Enable and the Midstream Investments. So as I said before, I think the equity need will be driven by  primarily by the timing of capital for  as example so the five-year window between 2019 and 2023, if we see Houston Electric or the natural gas utility needing more capital more up  more front-ended that potentially could advance the equity issuance, but because the total capital we  right now, what we know today is not projected to be different for the 5-year window. I think from an overall standpoint the timing of the equity could be different, but the overall five-year impact should be the same or similar.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. That's clear. And from that in the current plans that you have there's no equity needs in 2019 or 2020?
Xia Liu: Unless we  as I said before unless we realize we're in the process of updating the details of the capital need. Unless Houston Electric finds additional capital need that we will need to fund it sooner than before than we might consider turning on DRIP or other options in the near-term. But we don't know that yet. We're going through the planning process right now.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. That's clear. Thank you for the clarifications.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Ali. 
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question just looking at the current year Scott or Xia as you point out you've changed again your Energy Services expectations now and rather than it being flat it'll be down about $0.04 year-over-year. Can you highlight or remind us what is the offset to that $0.04 hit that keeps you in your range for this year?
Xia Liu: Absolutely. You see on our EPS walk for the year 2019, we expect $0.62 from our utility $0.62 increase compared to the same period in 2018. So in other words, our utilities  we expect the utilities to offset the CES. We also have some favorable income tax expense items. So we are maintaining the midpoint of $1.65 despite of the $0.04 decrease expected from CES.
Ali Agha: So just to clarify that Xia, so are you saying that the tax benefit perhaps was not factored into your previous budget? Or that utilities are going to do better than what you were anticipating? I'm just trying to reconcile how you...
Xia Liu: Yeah. It's both. If you look at the second quarter so quarter 2019 versus second quarter 2018 we had $0.05 of positive variance. And that's comprised of better utility performance and a little bit higher income tax, favorable income tax. So that was not planned. But some of the tax items that you were aware of that, we recorded last year we did plan those. So there's some positive income tax variances that we didn't plan.
Ali Agha: I see. And my second question again a clarification. Again, Xia you walked through some of the drivers that will influence the 2020 outlook Houston Electric rate case some costs et cetera. So in summery, just to benchmark it for all of us is that a  the pressure is to probably put a little downward headwind to the 2020 that you were looking at a few months ago? Or does it not change that? Does it move it slightly higher? Can you just calibrate this so we have a better sense of framework of how 2020 is shaping up today versus last quarter?
Xia Liu: We're not ready to comment on the 2020. We're going through the normal planning process. We want to build a bottom up plan that incorporates all the newly acquired jurisdictions to really go through a disciplined process to give you a clear picture about 2020. So we need time to do that. As Scott iterated just now, we do expect strong utility capital investment program. We do have -- we're laser-focused on O&M management. So the business fundamentals are still the same. But we need to go through the process. We need to hear Enable's 2020 guidance and all that is to lead us to want to take a pause and really let big normal process do its work and give you a guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Ali Agha: Right. And just to clarify that again, is there anything you heard or seen at Enable today that is looking different than what you were assuming when you laid the 2020 guidance out for us originally?
Xia Liu: We're not commenting on Enable. The one thing you didn't know is we took the lower end of the guidance range to develop our 2019 EPS walk.
Ali Agha: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Julien.
Xia Liu: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. So a lot of little clean-up items here from the last two questions. Maybe just kicking things off. Can you just affirm -- you have obviously put the five-year CAGR out there once more. Can you kind of give us a sense is the individual each year through that five-year still intact? And maybe this is another way to reconcile the 2020 guidance?
Scott Prochazka: Julien, I think you were breaking up a little bit there. But could you just restate your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Is the five-year CAGR, you think about each of the individual years implied from that compounding growth factor still intact, with respect to each of the individual discrete years?
Scott Prochazka: Well, Julien, probably the best way to answer this is when we're looking at the five-year plan; the focus is on the effects of investment over a longer period of time, getting out to the end. What the actual impacts are for a given year and in particular, as we think about 2020 is going to really become clear as we complete this planning process. So while we got confidence in our CAGR, I would say, that what we -- what this planning process needs to do is really zero in on what our 2020 number looks like, as we build it up from the combined company perspective as opposed to the way we have been building it up, which was based on a prior plan and making adjustments to the prior plan. So it's a -- I don't want to get out in front of my answer on 2020, but I do know -- I can tell you that, as we think about the performance of our business on an annual basis, it's still very much driven very heavily by the investments we make in our utilities and the recovery of those investments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then, following up here, the CapEx, you talked about remaining impact with respect to the 10-K from 2018. Does that assume no Vectren electric generation spend through 2023? You obviously caveat that the timing might be post 2023. And then separately, we understand collage is perhaps a relevant factor here in the state as well. I suppose with respect to the book generation and collage, if there is indeed the RFPs executed according to plan, could we see either of those items put back? And would that be incremental to the 10-K at that point?
Xia Liu: We are assuming -- we're not -- we don't want to get ahead of the process, the RFP process, the team is working very hard on the ground, to work with the stakeholders for solutions. But we would expect some spending through 2023 related to the IRP. It probably would not be to the amounts that we originally shared with you. But we also know that the pipeline replacement program requires additional capital. We also know that the system modernization program at CEHE requires more capital. So I would say that, from an overall standpoint, you would look at the five-year as it would be very similar from what you have before.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then, quickly, on the utility side, what are the prospects for settlement at this point? Given where we stand in the case, especially turning to September?
Scott Prochazka: Julien, there's always an opportunity for settlement in these cases. I would say at the moment that conversations are being head, but they're not overly active. So we'll still have time between now and when the commission meets to pursue one. I don't know how to handicap it. I can't say that settlements have occurred in the state before, but there are also many cases where the rate case is actually going to the commission for decision. So tough to handicap this one, but I don't want to say that settlement is off the table.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Great. And sorry last quick clarification is integrating the technology systems that's a different set of assumptions than the synergy assumptions you initially articulated? And I think we iterated today of $75 million to $100 million?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Those systems that we talked about -- system integration work is more in line of the cost to achieve dollars that would be spent. So it's -- those are -- when I say cost to achieve dollars and they're not going to impact the $75 million to $100 million of savings that we have planned for 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got ii. Okay. Fair enough. They're net against that rather at least for 2020?
Scott Prochazka: What do you mean by net against?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: There were reduction to synergy saving that you targeted.
Scott Prochazka: To the extent that there's cost to achieve dollars spent in 2020 that would obviously come out of our financials, if that's what you're asking.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. Okay. Fair enough. Ill leave with that. Thank you, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Hi, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, good morning.
Michael Weinstein: Hi. Good morning. A lot of questions have been answered. But on system integration costs, would you say that those are weighted in any kind of way between 2019 and 2020? Is it more -- or is it evenly spread over the two years?
Xia Liu: We're in the process of finalizing the estimate on the integration costs. I think we have a appendix slide in the earnings deck that we described the details of the year-to-date spend. And the year-to-date roughly we have spent $160 million. And so we'll continue to expect a similar range we previously disclosed with you. The timing of it depending on the system integration cost estimation process could be slightly different from prior, but the total amount should be relatively the same very similar.
Michael Weinstein: And I'm just trying to get sense of how that timing might be changing? And whether that's a significant source of uncertainty in the 2020 number that caused you to pull the guidance from -- for that year?
Xia Liu: It wasn't the -- it wasn't. I think we wanted to go through again go through the rigorous process to build out the plan and to have visibility about the variability the factors we described. One thing we are thinking about is if the integration process goes beyond 2020, how should we treat the cost to achieve in -- within our outside of the guidance range.
Michael Weinstein: Well, currently it's inside the guidance range, right? It's actually included?
Xia Liu: Currently, yes.
Michael Weinstein: Right. So I'm going to factor. My question would be whether it might be more appropriate to exclude them? But I mean if they do continue past 2020 then you might consider including them, I guess, but they are already being included.
Xia Liu: I think you said it very well. If they do pass 2020, the likelihood is that we would exclude it from guidance going forward.
Michael Weinstein : Oh, I see. So the longer they last the more likely you might need to exclude it. And that would include 2020 as well?
Xia Liu: Correct.
Michael Weinstein : I see. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning Greg.
Xia Liu: Good morning.
Greg Gordon: I think the full water front of questions has been asked. I do have one sort of incremental one though with regard to as you're thinking about typing up your and reissuing your guidance range for 2020 amongst the other things that you're trying to batten down the hatches on. Is one of them that sort of there's been a little bit of a moving target with regard to cash flow and financing needs? Does it pertains to Enable and the underlying as you pointed out earlier Scott just higher level of volatility and the unregulated suite of businesses? Notwithstanding the fact there are small pieces of the overall company, but is the denominator not just a numerator part of sort of the restacking of the guidance. And that you have to make sure you've got your financing sources and uses tightened down.
Xia Liu: Absolutely. That's definitely part of the equation.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. Have a great day.
Xia Liu: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Verition.
Ashar Khan: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to check some remarks that you've made. So in the second quarter in slide 15 in the other section you have $0.04 of reduced income tax expense. Are you saying that's likely not to repeat itself as we build next year in 2020? So that's something that is one-time in nature for this year and it's not repeatable for next year?
Xia Liu: Correct.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So that is if I have the...
Xia Liu: When I say correct, we -- the positive variance this year we experienced was driven by some state law change related to state income tax. So the state law change will stay. We expect the law to stay the same in 2020. So you wouldn't see another positive variance. It doesn't mean that the tax rate will go up next year. So I want to make sure I'm not misleading you when I say it's a one-time. Does that make sense?
Ashar Khan: Okay. Okay. It makes sense. But so it's like -- it's a permanent change. So it remains therefore going forward period. Correct?
Xia Liu: Yes.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Okay. Okay. I just wanted to kind of clarify. And then Enable said that they're going to take the write-off I guess in the fourth quarter, right? So then the lower Enable guidance that you have for the second half, is that primarily in the fourth quarter as we look into the third and fourth quarter?
Xia Liu: I don't have the quarterly breakdown. It's projected to be for the year $0.06. And you know year-to-date they're positive too. So for the second half of the year we have $0.08 downside compared to the same period last year. For the full-year, it's $0.06 down.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how are you guys doing?
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to follow-up on Enable little bit. You mentioned sort of the enhancements that you see in terms of a -- it's derisking and its increase in the distributions and everything. But what sort of is left out is sort of the valuation which as you know it's gone down a bit. And I'm just sort of wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on sort of how you guys look at Enable through a longer term here? And how the actual -- the valuation of the company has in any way influenced it or the ability to actually getting out of it and what have you -- just how should we think about that?
Scott Prochazka: So just a couple of thoughts. One clearly, the valuation issues that the sector is seeing is a factor in terms of the ability to sell those units without incredible tax leakage and therefore a very non-value creating transaction for shareholder. So the market clearly has made the idea of selling something more challenging. But the fundamental issue for us was just one around given where Enable sits today and its financial health and how they derisk their business their ability to continue to provide cash to us that we use for investment we feel better about today perhaps than we did years ago. So with their change in their coverage ratios and with their -- some of the shifts in their contracting and some things that they've done to derisk their business and knowing that they made it through the more severe downturn years ago without having to cut distributions, we see the real value of Enable being as a source of cash for our capital needs.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So we should think about perhaps that changing much even if there's a significant change in valuation, is that correct? Obviously there's -- at some point you guys will sell anything I assume. But just -- but outside of that a huge change, we really shouldn't think of you guys making much of a change in your outlook. Is that correct?
Scott Prochazka: That is correct. We went through an analysis. We spent time as management team certainly with our Board around our position on this and have arrived at the conclusion that we believe it's more valuable now to keep and utilize the cash flows than it is to sell.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the Vectren legacy non-reg stuff. How should we think about what your experience has been so far in those businesses? Your ability to integrate them and what have you, and what's your outlook for them is? Is it the same as it was during when you guys announced the merger? And just you guys have had more time to kick the tires here and what have you, any thoughts about how the composition of that might change or just how the performance of that -- the outlook for that going forward is?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Our view on the business hasn't really changed. We got a good quality management team that came over with the acquisition. The management team over there knows this business well and operated extremely well. They have as you've noted increased their business. So their business performance this year is anticipated to be better than last year. That's as a result of expanding both their distribution business and some of their transmission business. We continue to see a strong demand for that type of work out of the market. So as we sit here today, we see that as a business that has good fundamentals to keep driving its performance.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much. My other questions were answered. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your cooperation. Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Morning, Charles.
Charles Fishman: Slide 14. So your -- the three bullet points at the bottom. You're taking CapEx from Indiana Electric, and I would assume most of that would've been subject to a traditional rate base. You're pushing it to natural gas distribution, pipe replacement and grid mod at Houston Electric. Lot of that is covered by rate trackers or at least more regularly scheduled type rate adjustments without going through a full blown rate case. I would think on that CapEx piece that piece you should have some pretty good clarity. Am I correct or am I missing something?
Scott Prochazka: Clarity with respect to the additional dollar amount or clarity with respect to how we would recover the investments?
Charles Fishman: Recover the investments and earnings power.
Scott Prochazka: You are correct. We do have clarity on that. That's right.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So then -- and another question on slide 14, you listed a customer growth for Houston Electric, customer growth for natural gas distribution. Do you have some stat on what kind of customer growth you're experiencing at Indiana Electric going back year ago when Vectren owned it?
Xia Liu: They stay pretty flat, but it's a very small portion of our total customer count. It accounts for 145,000 customers for the entire Indiana Electric.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So it's just really not moving the needle whether it's growing or not. I got it.
Xia Liu: No. It's not
Scott Prochazka: That's correct yes.
Charles Fishman: Got it, okay. Thats all I have. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time.
David Mordy: Thank everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our second quarter 2019 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] 
 I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy, you may begin. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Xia Liu, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our first quarter 2019 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management who'll be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. 
 For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They've been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. 
 Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. 
 We will also discuss guidance for 2019 and 2020. The 2019 guidance basis EPS range excludes the following impacts associated with the Vectren merger: integration and transaction-related fees and expenses, including severance and other costs to achieve the anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger; and merger financing impacts in January prior to the completion of the merger due to the issuance of debt and equity securities to fund the merger that resulted in higher net interest expense and higher common stock share count. 
 Both the 2019 and 2020 guidance ranges consider operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as customer growth, approximately 2% for electric operations and 1% for natural gas distribution; and usage including normal weather, throughput, commodity prices, recovery of capital invested through rate cases and other rate filings, effective tax rates; financing activities and related interest rates; and regulatory and judicial proceedings; as well as the volume of work contracted in our Infrastructure Services business. The ranges also consider anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger. 
 The 2019 guidance range assumes Enable Midstream Partners 2019 guidance range for net income attributable to common units provided on Enable's first quarter earnings call on May 1, 2019. The 2020 guidance range utilizes a range of CenterPoint Energy scenarios for Enable's 2020 net income attributable to common units. The 2020 range also considers the estimated cost and timing of technology integration projects. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items including those from Enable, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business, which along with certain excluded impacts associated with the merger could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. 
 CenterPoint Energy is unable to present a quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted diluted earnings per share because changes in the value of ZENS and related securities and mark-to-market gains or losses resulting from the company's Energy Services business are not estimable as they are highly variable and difficult to predict due to various factors outside management's control. During today's call and in the accompanying slides we will refer to Public Law No. 115-97, initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as TCJA or simply tax reform. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. 
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott. 
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This is our first quarter presenting combined results and we're pleased to be talking with analysts about the post merger company. We're also pleased with our integration efforts to date and we'll provide more detail on integration later in the call. 
 I will begin on Slide 5. This morning, we reported first quarter 2019 income available to common shareholders of $140 million or $0.28 per diluted share compared with income available to common shareholders of $165 million or $0.38 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018. On a guidance basis and excluding merger impacts, first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings were $222 million or $0.46 per diluted share compared with adjusted earnings of $241 million or $0.55 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018. Notable factors contributing to the $0.07 reduction are $0.07 from our Energy Services business, which is largely timing-related and driven by weather and a $0.02 noncash loss from the dilution of ownership in Enable as a result of the vesting of additional common units under Enable's long-term incentive program. Utility Operations, particularly our natural gas distribution business, had a strong quarter. 
 Overall, our businesses are performing well and we remain on target to achieve our financial objectives for the year. Increases for the quarter were associated with rate relief, customer growth, lower federal income tax expense and the benefit from businesses added as a result of the merger. These increases were more than offset by the Energy Services and Enable-related impacts I mentioned earlier as well as higher operations and maintenance expense, higher depreciation and amortization expense, lower equity return primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges and higher financing costs associated with the merger. Our business segments continue to implement their strategies, which are focused on safely addressing the growing needs of our customers while enhancing financial performance. 
 It is worth mentioning that our first quarter 2018 guidance basis earnings of $0.55 per diluted share represented 34% of total earnings for 2018, largely due to weather-driven opportunities at Energy Services that allowed the company to capture earnings early in the year. By comparison, in the years 2015 through 2017, first quarter guidance basis EPS represented 27% to 28% of our annual guidance basis EPS. Considering this more historic distribution of earnings, our first quarter 2019 guidance basis EPS excluding merger impacts is aligned with our EPS guidance range of $1.60 to $1.70 for the year. 
 Now I will cover business highlights starting with Houston Electric on Slide 6. Core operating income, excluding merger-related expenses of $10 million, was $84 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $99 million in the first quarter of 2018. This decline of $15 million includes 2 anticipated reductions: a $10 million reduction in equity return and a $6 million decrease in revenue as a result of tax reform, which is offset by a reduction in income tax expense. Absent these known reductions, Houston Electric was up quarter-over-quarter. Xia will provide more detail later in the call. 
 On April 5, we filed the first Houston Electric rate case in nearly a decade, requesting an ROE of 10.4% along with a 50% equity, 50% debt capital structure. The rate case includes all invested capital through the end of 2018, including investments made as a result of Hurricane Harvey. After new rates have gone into effect, we anticipate we will seek recovery for investments made since the end of 2018, utilizing our distribution and transmission investment recovery mechanisms, known as DCRF and TCOS, respectively. As a reminder, DCRF is filed in April, reflecting the prior calendar year's qualifying distribution investment and TCOS may be filed twice per year. 
 We continue to see strong growth in our electric service territory in Texas, adding nearly 41,000 metered customers since the first quarter of 2018. It is worth noting we have added approximately 400,000 customers since the last rate case and we're proud of the part CenterPoint Energy plays in servicing that growth. We included Slide 17 in the appendix to demonstrate the consistent customer growth at Houston Electric over the last 30 years. 
 Turning to Slide 7. Indiana Electric contributed operating income of $11 million for the February 1 through March 31 period, excluding merger-related expenses of $20 million. In March, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission or IURC approved construction of a 50-megawatt universal solar array. In late April, the IURC approved both our plan to retrofit Culley Unit 3 and recover certain costs associated with ash ponds as well as past power plant pollution control investments. These capital expenditures will be recovered through a new annual environmental cost adjustment mechanism. Rather than approve our plan to build a 700 to 850-megawatt combined-cycle natural gas turbine or CCGT, the IURC instructed us to minimize the risk that any one fuel source becomes uneconomic by pursuing multiple smaller scale options. The IURC concluded these smaller scale options would better position Indiana Electric to respond to changing circumstances. 
 We have begun work on a new integrated resource plan that reflects the direction provided by the commission. This plan is expected to be finalized by mid-2020 and will form the basis for future requests to transform our generation resources. 
 Approximately $850 million of capital, primarily in the 2021 to 2023 period, is associated with the previously-planned CCGT plant. And while we cannot know the outcome of the new plan until the analysis is completed, we know that alternative capital investments identified in our 2016 integrated resource plan were of similar magnitude. For a complete overview of both electric segments' year-to-date regulatory developments, please see Slide 18. 
 Now turning to Slide 8. Natural gas distribution operating income in the first quarter of 2019 was $220 million compared to $156 million in the first quarter of 2018, excluding merger-related expenses of $53 million in the first quarter of 2019. This includes operating income from the newly-added businesses in Indiana and Ohio, which Xia will further detail in her walk-through of the segment. Natural gas distribution added nearly 1.1 million customers since the first quarter of 2018, more than 45,000 in legacy CenterPoint jurisdictions and the remainder as a result of the merger. This business continues to benefit from effective annual cost recovery mechanisms, which can be utilized in 7 of the 8 states we serve. These mechanisms include the Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program or GRIP in Texas, the Formula Rate Plan or FRP in Arkansas and the Distribution Replacement Rider or DRR in Ohio. We continue to anticipate a final order from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio in the second or third quarter of this year regarding the settlement agreement, which reflects a $23 million increase in annual revenues. We anticipate filing rate cases during the fourth quarter in Minnesota and the Beaumont, East Texas jurisdiction. For a complete overview of natural gas distribution's year-to-date regulatory developments, please see Slides 19 and 20. We were pleased with the performance of both the legacy CenterPoint and the newly-acquired jurisdictions. 
 Turning to Slide 9. Energy Services operating income was $14 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $54 million in the first quarter of 2018, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $19 million and a loss of $80 million respectively. On average, roughly 80% of annual operating income is considered base business, with the remainder considered opportunities managing storage assets, which benefit from nonnormal weather in specific locations. Given the extreme weather conditions in the first quarter of 2018, our financial expectations for first quarter of 2019 were below what we achieved in first quarter of '18. Further, market conditions did not support our planned level of optimization in the quarter. As a result, we have assets in storage that we believe better position us to capitalize on opportunities through the remainder of the year. Therefore, under normal weather conditions, we expect full year operating income to be at or near 2018's level of $63 million, excluding mark-to-market impacts. 
 Infrastructure Services, acquired as part of the merger, is a new business for CenterPoint. This segment is primarily focused on pipeline construction and maintenance for natural gas distribution as well as transmission pipelines for natural gas, oil and liquids. Infrastructure Services had an operating loss of $1 million for February and March as part of CenterPoint Energy, excluding merger-related expenses of $15 million. For reference, the business' full quarter operating loss, including January and excluding merger-related expenses, was $11 million compared with an operating loss of $14 million in the first quarter of 2018 as part of Vectren. This business is typically weaker during the first quarter as less work can be done during cold weather months. However, the backlog for the next 12 months is almost $1 billion, over $200 million higher than the backlog at this time last year, which we believe suggests ongoing strong demand for the business. 
 On Slide 10, we've captured some of the highlights from Enable's first quarter earnings call on May 1. Enable reported strong rig activity as well as higher volumes of natural gas gathered, processed and transported as well as higher volumes of crude oil and condensate gathered. Enable's recent Gulf Run Pipeline project, anticipated to be completed in 2022, is backed with a long-term agreement with Golden Pass LNG. And we anticipate the project will provide a valuable earnings contribution to Enable for decades to come. We are pleased with Midstream Investments performance. 
 On Slide 11, we are reiterating our guidance for 2019, our guidance for 2020 and our EPS growth target CAGR of 5% to 7%. We have begun realizing the anticipated merger benefits with more than $50 million of projected cost savings for 2019, excluding costs to achieve. Xia will discuss merger savings and costs to achieve in more detail. 
 Overall, our businesses are performing well. We enjoy strong fundamentals that will continue to drive our earnings growth. Our continued focus on safety, reliability, customers, communities and financial performance will serve us well as we work to optimize our businesses post-merger. 
 As many of you know, Xia Liu joined CenterPoint a few weeks as our new Chief Financial Officer. Xia brings with her tremendous experience with more than 20 years in the utility industry, including roles in finance, operations, regulatory and corporate strategy. Today, Xia will cover additional financial details and wrap up the prepared remarks. I also know she's looking forward to catch up with -- catching up with many of you at the upcoming AGA conference. Xia? 
Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott. I'm excited to be part of the CenterPoint Energy team. I have worked with many of you in the analyst community in my past, and I look forward to connecting and working with you in my new role. I will start with quarter-to-quarter operating income walks for the Houston Electric and natural gas distribution segment, followed by an overall guidance basis EPS walk and then additional detail on the merger. 
 Turning to Slide 13. Houston Electric performed well during the first quarter, on track with our expectations. As you see on this slide, core operating income for the first quarter of 2019 was $74 million versus $99 million for the first quarter of '18. Lower revenue related to the TCJA provided a $6 million negative impact to operating income with an offset in income tax expense. Rate relief provided an $11 million positive variance and customer growth provided a $6 million benefit. Equity return primarily related to the true-up of transition charges, decreased $10 million. As youll recall, we made a nonstandard filing to lower the transition charge for Transition Bond Company IV in late second quarter of 2018. So the quarter-over-quarter variance should be reduced for the third and fourth quarters of 2019. 
 Usage accounted for a $15 million negative variance primarily driven by more extreme weather patterns in January of 2018 compared to January of 2019. Higher O&M accounted for an unfavorable variance of $6 million, and miscellaneous revenues accounted for an $11 million positive variance. In addition, depreciation and taxes accounted for a $7 million negative variance. Houston Electric also incurred $10 million of merger-related expense. The total variances related to equity return, TCJA and merger-related expenses are $26 million. Excluding those variances Houston Electrics operating income was up $1 million quarter-over-quarter. We are pleased that Houston Electrics core business performed in line with our expectations. 
 Turning to Slide 14. Natural gas distribution performed very well for the quarter. Operating income for the first quarter of 2019 was $167 million versus $156 million for the first quarter of 2018. Lower revenues related to TCJA provided a $12 million negative impact to operating income with an offset in income tax expense. Rate relief provided a $21 million positive variance and customer growth provided a $5 million benefit. Decoupling timing provided a $15 million positive variance, and higher O&M accounted for an $8 million unfavorable variance. Additionally, depreciation and taxes accounted for a $3 million unfavorable variance. Newly acquired Vectren businesses contributed $46 million and merger-related expense was $53 million. Overall, excluding TCJA and merger-related expenses, natural gas distribution was up $76 million with the legacy CenterPoint business up $30 million. We are pleased with the performance and are on track with our expectations for this business.
 Slide 15, we have the consolidated guidance basis EPS drivers. We started with $0.55 for the first quarter of 2018. Within utility operations, Houston Electric was lower by $0.02 attributable to lower equity return that we discussed earlier. Newly acquired Indiana Electric contributed $0.02. Our natural gas distribution business added $0.14, $0.05 from our legacy business and $0.09 from the newly added Indiana and Ohio jurisdictions. With regard to our competitive business, as Scott detailed earlier, Energy Services was lower by $0.07. Infrastructure Services had no impact on the variance for the quarter. Midstream Investments was down $0.01, inclusive of a $0.02 charge related to dilution that Scott discussed earlier. Merger financing impacts post February 1 and interest associated with the debt acquired in the merger were the primary drivers of the remaining $0.15 negative variance. Overall, our first quarter 2019 EPS on a guidance basis, excluding merger impacts, was $0.46s per diluted share.
 Now I need to provide some details associated with the merger. In terms of cost savings as well as costs to achieve those savings, as Scott mentioned, in 2019, we now begun realizing the anticipated merger benefits with more than $50 million in projected cost savings for the year, excluding costs to achieve these savings. In 2020, as discussed on our fourth quarter 2018 call, we continue to anticipate savings in the range of $75 million to $100 million. This range does not include approximately $15 million to $25 million of costs to achieve those savings primarily technology integration expense. For additional detail on year-to-date merger-related expenses, including the amortization of intangibles that we exclude from 2019 guidance, please see Slide 23 of the appendix.
  Before I wrap up my comments, let me remind everyone of CenterPoint's commitment to solid investment grade credit quality. We believe strong financial integrity and credit quality provide long-term value to our customers and shareholders. Let me also remind everyone of our recently declared dividend of $0.2875 per common share. This is an approximate 4% increase relative to a year ago and consistent with our 4% annual increases in dividends over the last several years. CenterPoint has paid dividends each quarter since our companys inception in 2002, demonstrating our commitment on delivering long-term value to our shareholders.
 I'd like to wrap my comments with some closing thoughts. I'm honored to be a part of CenterPoint Energy's leadership team and I'll -- work alongside Scott to help lead the company forward following our strategic merger with Vectren. We will work hard to deliver long-term value from the merger to investors and customers for years to come. CenterPoint Energy is strong, diversified company with strong values and a strategy that keeps us focused on the priorities to safely meet the needs of a growing customer base, realize financial growth and deliver shareholder value. Operationally and strategically, we are well positioned to meet customers' future energy delivery needs through a combination of traditional and innovative solutions. 
 I'll now turn it back to David. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Xia. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Lisa? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. 
Insoo Kim: Maybe starting off at Energy Services, are the margins that you saw this quarter reflective of more normal level going forward for the first quarter? I understand first quarter '18 was a strong weather quarter for the segment, but just trying to look out beyond 2019 to see like what type of margins we should be assuming going forward. 
Scott Prochazka: Insoo, good morning. This is Scott. I'll make some comments. If Joe wants to add, I'll ask him to do so. I would characterize the first quarter of '19 as a little below what we would expect. It's certainly well below what we saw in '18, but it is a little lower than what we would expect on a normal basis in the first quarter. That said, since we weren't able to do much optimization in the first quarter, those storage assets are now available for us to take advantage of optimization in the latter part of the year. And we've already begun signing some commitments that do exactly that. So it essentially moves some of the earnings capacity for the first quarter to later in the year. 
Insoo Kim: Understood. And perhaps on -- and then Indiana with the CCGT no longer in the plans, I understand there's going to be alternatives posed in the 2020 IRP with potential CapEx starting in 2021 likely. But in the '19 and '20 time frame for the moderate amount of CapEx you guys did have for the CCGT, are there some offsetting CapEx levels or investments that you're contemplating that could fill that gap in the next couple of years? 
Scott Prochazka: So I would say as we look at our total capital plan and spend, given the relatively small amount that was associated in those years, it's quite possible that capital could be redeployed to other areas where there may be additional needs. We're going to go through an exercise associated with the new IRP of understanding what the shift in investment looks like in Indiana. And as we do that as you know, we do that on an annual basis where we look at capital, we will update capital plans elsewhere. And it may well include the ability to deploy that limited amount of CapEx either on other needs within Indiana or elsewhere in our service territory. 
Insoo Kim: Understood. But at this point, the earnings power that you see for this year and next year should largely be unchanged or not impacted that much? 
Scott Prochazka: That's correct, yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust. 
Ali Agha: Scott, the Energy Services full year outlook you that you've laid out of flat is certainly lower than I think what your expectations were previously. So what could offset that in the portfolio? Or is that something we should be thinking about in terms of adjusting our numbers? Let me start there. 
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, the amount of expected annual performance change from where we started the year, I would say, is minor in the business. What we're really seeing is a shift of anticipated earnings from one quarter into other quarters. To the extent that it is slightly less than what we originally anticipated. We can look at other levers to help manage our overall performance, including necessary cost levers or other options we have to continue to make us feel good about the earnings guidance that we've given for the year. 
Ali Agha: Okay. And then overall, how are you looking at your nonutility businesses, given this volatility that creeps up in your earning stream and obviously the negative reaction to your stock price? How do they fit into the predictable growth rate you're thinking about long term? And I put Enable in there as well in terms of your latest thoughts there. And also on Enable, can you just clarify, so your ownership used to be 54.1%. Has that come down? And what is the current ownership in Enable? 
Scott Prochazka: Current ownership is 53.8% and the -- that modest or very slight reduction was due to the additional units that were awarded as part of Enable's management LTI compensation program. So that -- does that answer your second question? 
Ali Agha: That does answer that part, yes. 
Scott Prochazka: So the first question you're asking is about variability with our competitive businesses. I want to point out that a look at business performance or competitive business performance on a single quarter basis is where it -- inaccurately or incorrectly characterizes the volatility of the business. And the reason is that the businesses have some seasonality to them, as do our utility businesses, quite frankly, have seasonality to them. So to the extent that you want to characterize a business with greater levels of variability I think we need to look at that overall over the entire course of a year. And what we've seen is consistent performance -- relatively consistent performance over a 12-month period as opposed to some variability you might see with any given quarter. 
Ali Agha: So these are core for you? 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, these are businesses that we are operating and we are looking to grow. And we understand the fundamentals that drive them. And they're complementary to our much larger utility business, which comprises roughly 70% of our total earnings. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank. 
Jonathan Arnold: I have a question on Indiana and the IRP process. Could we have a -- just a refresher? Are you required to put other options you might pursue out to RFP? Or is this just a question of replacing one rate-based investment with others of a different flavor? Just some sense of timing and how confident you are that this would end up in rate base. 
Scott Prochazka: So Jonathan, I'll start with the first. The first one was a question around the process. So State of Indiana has a cycle of do-over -- refreshing the IRP every 3 years. So we're on -- we started our last one that ultimately included the recommendation or the request with the CCGT that started in 2016. So we are in the process now of filing our next one, which was due in 2019 anyway. We believe the process of -- it's a very stakeholder-rich process. That process will take us into probably mid-2020 before the new IRP is finalized. And that IRP process will bring forward the multiple ideas and multiple options in terms of how to meet the generation needs going forward. And then that process will conclude with some recommendations and ultimately the filing on our behalf of equivalent of CPCNs for the solution that we believe is aligned with the stakeholders and the commission. So we would then begin the process of requesting certain elements of generation. Exactly what that looks like is to be determined. We do know that the commission would like to see smaller, more discrete projects in there as a way of hedging against uncertainties in the future. But we do believe given our experience with the last IRP that the alternatives represent investment that are similar to the total investment we had represented in this case. The time frame may change slightly but the amount of investment that we think is needed to achieve our future state, we think is likely to be similar to what we were looking at. 
Jonathan Arnold: And the confidence of those would be sort of rate base investments as opposed to PPA? I was just curious what -- do you have any comment there? 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I think our confidence at their rate base is reasonably high. We were successful in putting together a project for 50 megawatts of solar that we will have in rate base. And we think that type -- a similar type of approach can provide us rate base opportunities. There may be some element of PPA in there, but we think the preferred path, the one that would be best overall, would be investments that go on a rate base. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI. 
Greg Gordon: I don't want to beat a dead horse on the issue. But I think the volatility in earnings in the gas business has just got some people confused. So if you could just explain to people what the commercial opportunities were that you were able to optimize Q1 last year and why this Q1 was different from last Q1? And why there's durability over the course of the year and your ability to achieve those earnings outcomes. 
Scott Prochazka: Fair enough. Greg, I'm going to ask Joe to make some comments on this. 
Joseph Vortherms: Thanks for the question, Greg. Again as you know, last year there were some extreme weather opportunities in various parts of the nation and those opportunities occurred where we had the ability to optimize those assets at that time. 2018 was unusually favorable as a result of those, offset by less than favorable 2019 from a weather perspective, especially in the areas where we have operations. So when you compare those to year-over-year, it created a tremendous downfall. But as a result of the lack of activity in the first quarter of this year, we are well positioned with our assets, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year to take advantage of that, an opportunity we did not have the chance to do it last year because of the amount of work we did in the first quarter of 2018. If you look at our projections for the rest of the year they are more in line with what we would call a normal year with 2018 being the aberration. So with that, we believe we have the ability to recover going forward for the rest of this year. 
Scott Prochazka: Greg, I'll just add to Joe's comments. In the first quarter of '18, when we were able to capitalize on some extreme weather, we essentially utilized the capacity of the storage that we had during the first quarter. And we then spend the balance of the year kind of refilling inventory and refilling storage, which means you don't have opportunities to optimize, whereas in this year, we weren't optimizing as much in the first quarter, those assets are available to us to optimize and we've already begun to sign up commitments for that margin for the latter half of the year. 
Greg Gordon: Got you. Okay. That's more clear. And then with regard to Indiana, it does sound like ultimately there's a need for a generation solution. It just -- it may be configured differently and because of the timing of the IRP that capital might be deployed over a longer time horizon. But ultimately, from my perspective and correct me -- please correct me if I'm wrong, there is a capital need there. It's just a question of the types of resources you deploy and perhaps over a slightly longer time frame. Is that fair? 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Greg, you said it very well. That's the message we were wanting to get across. We absolutely believe that there is a similar investment opportunity to meet those needs. It's just a matter of what it looks like, what those pieces look like and some element of timing given the timing impacts of going through another IRP before we begin to make those investments. 
Xia Liu: Greg, I would add that for the smaller scale projects, solar for instance, the spending curve is much shorter. So remember that $850 million, very little is in 2020 and before. So the majority of that was in '21 and '23. So if we replace with smaller scale projects, the timing may work out, we just don't know that yet. But smaller scale typically take shorter period to finish. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Abe Azar from Deutsche Bank. 
Abe Azar: So just 2 questions. How much merger cost do you expect in the balance of the year? 
Xia Liu: On Slide 23 we provided you with the year-to-date spend. So year-to-date we spent a little over $110 million. And I think that's roughly half of what we plan to spend for the year. 
Abe Azar: Got it. And can you break down the pieces within the $0.15 of other on Slide 15? 
Xia Liu: Sure, absolutely. The majority of the $0.15 is related to 2 things. One is the merger financing. If you remember we had a combination of seniors note, commercial paper, perpetual preferred, convertible and common equity. So the combination of those merger financing is roughly about $0.12 out of that $0.15. Additionally, we took on some more Vectren debt. So that was the interest expense that we didn't have same quarter last year. And we issued some new debt at Houston Electric. But the majority of the $0.15 is related to the merger financing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse. 
Michael Weinstein: Just to follow up on, I think it was Ali's earlier questions about the Infrastructure business. Can you talk about how that rolling 12-month backlog flowed? How should we think about that number in terms of how it converts into earnings over time? And also I think Vectren's old guidance used to be around $50 million to $54 million for that business a year. And what's the seasonality look like over the course of the year for that business? 
Scott Prochazka: So I'll take the second one first. The second part of your question, the seasonality is such that the first quarter is always a very weak quarter for them, in that the majority of their contribution is in what I consider the more construction-friendly times of year of second, third quarter and part of fourth. So the first is traditionally their weakest. And I think we've referenced that in my comments, trying to do a comparison of what performance looked like this year versus last year, even though last year was under the ownership of Vectren. And remind me what your first question was. 
Michael Weinstein: It has to do with the backlog number that you put in there. 
Scott Prochazka: The backlog, that's right. 
Michael Weinstein: Yes. How does that work? 
Scott Prochazka: So the best way to think of it now is the amount of contracts that are in place that are to be addressed over the coming 12-month period and that is a -- it's an important measure on kind of a relative basis to what it's been in prior quarters. So as the backlog has grown, it suggests there's more demand in the coming 12 months, more commitments in the coming 12 months than we had in the prior -- maybe the prior look at it. So the backlog is approaching $1 billion at the moment. Forget what the number was last year, it was probably a little -- $750 million, mid-7s type thing. We constantly have new projects that are rolling into the gas distribution type business. Some of those contracts roll off. Some of them get updated and renewed. And then we have new contracts that show up in the transmission side of the business, some contracts roll off and then other ones roll on. One of the big drivers for the sizable increase was a single large project that was contracted at the end of this past year and that's reflected in the numbers. But both the distribution work and the transmission work are both up from the last time this was reported. 
Michael Weinstein: All right. What's the average length of time that you work on a project? How should we divide that $1 billion number? Into how many years? 
Joseph Vortherms: Michael, this is Joe. Again on the -- those contracts can vary. They can be anywhere from 3 to 4 months up to 12 months to 18 months. As Scott reflected, we try to average that, but over -- that $1 billion that we have in backlog will be realized over the next -- between now and 18 months from now. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research. 
Steven Fleishman: Scott, can you disclose what this $300 million transmission project is? The one in your backlog? 
Scott Prochazka: We have not disclosed it by company name, if that's what you're asking. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay, okay, okay. So I can't just track which one it is. Okay. 
Scott Prochazka: That's right. Yes. 
Steven Fleishman: All right. And then I guess separately, just is there any kind of refreshed or change in views on Enable's strategy or thought process? 
Scott Prochazka: No. I mean we've commented each time we meet that we appreciate Enable's performance and their contribution that they make to us. We know that, that market is challenged at the moment. The capital markets are challenged there. But we're pleased with Enable's performance and the contribution they are making to us. I think that's probably the best way to summarize it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aga Zmigrodzka from UBS. 
Aga Zmigrodzka: How has the integration process of Vectren been progressing? Have the assets so far operated in line with your expectation? 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, integration is going extremely well. As we mentioned earlier, we've taken the necessary actions to begin achieving our targeted synergies. And we've also put in place the management structure to begin operating the businesses that have overlapped combination, like our gas LDC businesses. So that's all been put together. So we're operating it as a single business, which is what helps drive the performance that we expect for customers. It also helps drive the financial performance that we've targeted. So integration has been going very well in my opinion. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of 
 Ali Agha from SunTrust. 
Ali Agha: Scott, just one clarification. This CCGT in Indiana, was this a product of the 2016 IRP? And if so, I mean if the commission changed their mind now, could they also change their mind by 2022 when you file the '19 IRP? Just give us the context of where this project came from? 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. The project was the result of the 2016 IRP, and -- but as you go through that IRP process and you present your findings, there's input provided and commentary. There is no approval, if you will, of the IRP. There's just a recognition of the merits of different options and then we proceed with filing our request for investment that we want to make against that IRP. Clearly, our views was that it was the low-cost solution. But I think the difference in time between when the IRP started in '16 and when it -- and where we find ourselves today, that the commission understands we need to make investment, but they wanted to see the investment made in a way other than a bet on one single large plant. Now you ask the question, is it possible that commissions can change their mind? We all know that's the case. So what we plan to do with this next revision is take the direction that they provided about the future and modify our thinking and plans in a way that aligns with the direction they gave us. And our hope is that when we get to the point of submitting requests for investment and recovery that we will minimize the chances that they will not be supportive of that. 
Ali Agha: I see. But to be clear, they had never blessed their CCGT either directly or indirectly? 
Scott Prochazka: They don't do it until you actually file the CPCN and the filing goes through of that particular request for that particular asset. 
Operator: Our last question today comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. 
Insoo Kim: Just one quick follow-up. I know we asked questions around this in the last call regarding the guidance and inclusion or exclusion of the cost to achieve the merger synergies. As I look at your deck today, I don't think the language has changed. But I'm still trying to get clarity on whether '19 -- it seems like it's saying it's exclusive of costs to achieve synergies versus 2020 guidance, which says it's inclusive to those savings. Am I reading that right? And if that's the case on a more apples-to-apples basis for 2020 if you exclude those costs to achieve, is the range actually higher than what you're providing? 
Scott Prochazka: So Insoo, let me try to clarify -- the benefits is as we talk about guidance for 2019 we are excluding the cost to achieve. So those are excluded from our guidance EPS. When we get to 2020, our EPS guidance range that we have provided is inclusive of those costs to achieve. Now what we said on the last call was $75 million to $100 million in 2020 of benefit and what we didn't clarify until now is what we believe the costs to achieve number would look like in 2020. So here we've just provided an update to that of $15 million to $25 million of expected costs to achieve in 2020. That's a new number that is really kind of an offset to the $75 million to $100 million that we provided. And it's the -- all of that is inclusive in the range that we gave, our earnings range for 2020. 
Insoo Kim: Right. So $15 million to $25 million is the cost related to it. So if you take that out, am I thinking about that right -- the right way -- that, that's actually a benefit? 
Scott Prochazka: That's the right way to think about it. You could for the year if you're wondering what the net was, it's closer to the delta between those. And as you think about going beyond 2020 then cost to achieve is lower in 2021, for example. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Lisa. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming AGA conference. We will now conclude our first quarter 2019 earnings call. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Dennis. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our 2018 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They have been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-K. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions in growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss guidance for 2019 and 2020. The 2019 guidance basis EPS range excludes the following impacts associated with the Vectren merger: Integration and transaction related fees and expenses, including severance and other costs to achieve anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger; merger financing impacts in January prior to the completion of the merger due to the issuance of debt and equity securities to fund the merger that resulted in higher net interest expense and higher common stock share count. Both the 2019 and 2020 guidance ranges consider operations performance to date at assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as customer growth, approximately 2% for electric operations and 1% for natural gas distribution; and usage including normal weather, throughput, commodity prices, recovery of capital investment through rate cases and other rate filings, effective tax rates, financing activities and related interest rates, and regulatory and judicial proceedings, as well as the volume of work contracted in our Infrastructure Services business. The range is also considered anticipated cost savings as a result of the merger and the estimated costs and timing of technology integration projects. The 2019 guidance range assumes Enable Midstream Partners 2019's guidance range for a net income attributable to common units of $435 million to $505 million provided on Enable's fourth quarter earnings conference call on February 19, 2019. The 2020 guidance range utilizes a range of CenterPoint Energy scenarios for Enable's 2020 net income attributable to common. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items. Including those from Enable, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business, which along with certain excluded impacts associated with the merger, could have up a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. CenterPoint Energy is unable to present quantitative reconciliation of forward-looking adjusted diluted earnings per share because changes in the value of ZENS and related securities and mark-to-market gains or losses resulting from the company's Energy Services business are not estimable, as they are highly variable and difficult to predict due to various factors outside of management's control. During today's call and in the accompanying slides, we will refer to Public Law No. 115-97, initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as TCJA or simply tax reform. In the slides accompanying this call, information covering 2018 and prior years refers to premerger CenterPoint only. We are not including pro forma information. Information covering 2019 and beyond incorporates the impact of the merger. However, please note that in Slide 11, we have included 2018 year-end rate base, which shows the combined rate base for Vectren and CenterPoint. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website.  I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will begin on Slide 5. 2018 was a strong year for CenterPoint. This morning, we reported 2018 diluted earnings per share of $0.74. On a guidance basis, excluding the impacts associated with the merger, we finished the year at $1.60 per share versus 2017 guidance basis earnings excluding impacts of tax reform of $1.37 per share, an increase of nearly 17%. $1.60 per share means we achieved the top end of our guidance range we set in February of last year.  Our strong performance in 2018 can be primarily attributed to growth in our core businesses and midstream investments performance. Turning to Slide 6. As I mentioned, we are pleased to achieve the high end of our earnings range. We invested nearly $1.6 billion of capital in our regulated utilities. We successfully implemented our regulatory strategies in multiple states, resulting in incremental annual revenues of $110 million, exclusive of tax reform impacts. Our Board of Directors increased the dividend that was declared in December by approximately 4%, marking the fifth year in a row of providing such increases. We entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire Vectren Corporation, engaged in integration planning, and raised capital for the transaction that we closed earlier this month. We also executed an internal spend of our midstream assets resulting in better credit ratings for CERC. On to Slide 7. The communities we serve continue to grow, as evidenced in part by the addition of more than 77,000 customers in 2018. We completed major infrastructure projects like the Brazos Valley Connection in Houston Electric and substantially completed cast-iron pipe replacements across our natural gas distribution systems. Energy Services continued to grow its volumes and margin, resulting in strong operating income growth excluding mark-to-market impacts. We also continue to support our industry peers as we sent mutual assistance crews to Florida, California and Puerto Rico to help various recovery efforts. It was a busy 2018, and I am proud of how our employees worked collectively to achieve our goals. We have a busy 2019 planned, as you can see on Slide 8. We anticipate the Public Utility Commission of Texas will provide a ruling on the Bailey to Jones Creek Project later this year, and we expect to file a general rate case for Houston Electric on or before April 30. We anticipate 2 orders from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission later this year. One is for approval of a 50-megawatt solar facility, the other is for the 800- to 900-megawatt combined cycle gas turbine generation facility that will replace aging coal generation in Indiana. We believe both of these facilities are vital in providing clean, reliable and affordable electric for Southern Indiana. On the natural gas regulatory front, we expect the final order from the Public Utilities Commission of Ohio on the Ohio general rate case. We also intend to file a general rate case in Minnesota later this year. That rate case, which utilizes a forward-looking test year and interim rates, will run its course primarily in 2020. Turning to Slide 9. Electric operations will continue to invest significant capital to ensure our system can meet growth requirements and is a safe, resilient and reliable. Our most recent 5-year plan include $6.8 billion of capital investment in electric operations. This 5-year capital plan now includes the updated estimate for the Bailey to Jones Creek Project that will serve the growing needs of the petrochemical industry in the Freeport Texas area, and the plan is aligned with the anticipated capital increases we shared during our third quarter 2018 earnings call. The plan also includes the 50 megawatts of solar generation and costs associated with the new combined cycle gas power plant in Indiana. Moving to natural gas distribution on Slide 10. The $5.3 billion, 5-year capital plan targets investment around safety, growth, reliability and infrastructure replacement. We continue to modernize our system via our pipe replacement programs in all of our jurisdictions. We've also spent capital to support ongoing growth in our service territories, and we expect continued spend on innovative technology that improves our system operations and customer interface functionality. Turning to Slide 11. You can see our projected year-end rate base growth. Our capital plan is expected to translate to a compound annual rate based growth rate of approximately 8.2% through 2023. This growth in rate base is a key driver for our overall earnings performance.  We also have solid growth projections for our non-utility businesses. We believe Energy Services, Infrastructure Services, and Energy Systems group will provide valuable complementary services to each other's customers and to our core utility businesses. I was very pleased with Enable's 2018 performance as they increased natural gas gathered volumes, natural gas processed volumes, as well as crude oil and condensate gathered volumes. We're excited for Enable to continue this momentum into 2019. Moving to Slide 12. Our 2019 guidance basis EPS range is $1.60 to $1.70. This guidance range includes anticipated merger-related cost savings and excludes the one-time impacts of integration and transaction-related fees and expenses. This number also excludes merger financing impacts in January, prior to the completion of the merger. Our 2020 guidance basis EPS range of $1.75 to $1.90 includes anticipated cost savings achieved by that point. We are also providing a compound annual growth rate target of 5% to 7% through 2023 based off of 2018 actual guidance basis EPS of $1.60, excluding the impacts of the merger. Utility operations rate base growth is anticipated to be the primary driver of our long-term EPS growth. Bill will discuss additional drivers for 2019 and 2020 guidance later in the call. Slide 13 provides a history and forecast view of our guidance ranges. We have worked hard to consistently grow earnings since 2015, often hitting the upper end of our guidance. Anchored by strong utility investments, I believe CenterPoint is well-positioned to continue solid earnings growth. I will wrap up with Slide 14. I want to express my sincere thanks to those who served on the integration planning teams, and give equal thanks to their colleagues throughout the company who picked up some additional responsibilities to ensure that critical projects and normal business functions remain on track. Due to the talent and commitment exhibited by our employees, we are in a strong position to meet our objectives. We continue to focus on a comprehensive safety strategy which targets employee, system, contractor, customer and public safety. Our use of technology supports continued operational improvement that drives efficiency and helps to meet changing customer expectations. Many of these achievements have led to industry awards. We are proud to be recognized for emergency assistance, customer satisfaction, and innovative solutions. We believe a continued focus on our strategy of operate, serve, and grow will lead to the realization of our long-term earnings growth objectives. As most of you know, Bill announced late last year that he plan to retire towards the end of Q1 following the close of our merger. Therefore, since this is Bill's last earnings call with CenterPoint, I'd like to thank Bill for the contributions he's made to our success over the past 4 years. And Bill, we wish you well as you transition to this next phase of life. I'll turn it over to you.
William Rogers: Thank you, Scott. It has been a privilege to serve you, your management team, our customers, communities, and investors. And it has been a privilege to lead our finance and accounting efforts at CenterPoint. I will start with year-over-year operating income walks for our electric distribution and natural gas distribution segments, followed by utility operations and consolidated EPS loss. Then I will cover drivers behind our earnings forecast. Finally, I will conclude with an outline of how we will present our businesses going forward as a result of the merger. Beginning with Houston Electric, transmission and distribution's operating income walk on Slide 16. Revenue decreased $79 million as a result of tax reform. When reviewing net income, this revenue impact is offset by lower federal income tax expense. Rate changes translated into a $105 million of favorable revenue variance for the year, and customer growth provided another $31 million positive revenue variance. O&M had an unfavorable variance of $79 million due to normal increases and to some concentrated work on resilience and technology projects. We expect O&M growth in future years to moderate so it more closely matches the rate of inflation. Equity return related to the true-up of transition charges increased $32 million. Lastly, depreciation and taxes accounted for a $17 million unfavorable variance. Excluding equity return and the impacts of tax reform, Houston Electric's transmission distribution's operating income increased by $54 million year-over-year. This represents a 10% improvement over 2017. Turning to Slide 17. Natural gas distribution operating income for 2018 was $266 million versus $348 million last year. Revenue decreased $47 million as a result of tax reform. This was offset by lower income tax expense. Operating income included a $46 million positive variance from rate relief and a $10 million benefit from customer growth. On a year-on-year basis, O&M was higher by $71 million. This is large creases in support services, contracts and services, labor and benefit costs, and other operation and maintenance expenses. A portion of the increase is due to accelerated records integrity work. As with Houston Electric, we anticipate holding O&M closer to the rate of inflation in future years. Lastly, depreciation and taxes increased by $19 million. When we make the comparison of gas distribution on a year-to-year basis, we eliminate one nonrecurring item and one timing item. The nonrecurring item is a $16 million benefit in 2017 associated with the rate order that directed us to capitalize certain retirement benefits that were previously expensed. The timing adjustment is a $10 million of lower revenues in 2018 due to the timing of recovery for weather normalization. Adjusting for these 2 items and the tax reform impacts of $47 million, gas distribution's operating income declined by $9 million to $266 million in 2018. We anticipate natural gas distribution's 2019 operating income will increase over 2018. Energy Services 2018 operating income, excluding mark-to-market adjustments, was $63 million versus operating income and $47 million in 2017. Energy Services benefited from a full -- first full year of operations post integration of acquisitions completed in 2016 and 2017. Energy Services also achieved record throughput in excess of 1.3 trillion cubic feet in 2018. This represents approximately 5% of end-user demand in the United States. For 2019, we anticipate this business will increase its operating income. Our year-over-year utility operations earnings per share walk on a guidance basis is on Slide 18. The guidance walk excludes all expenses and capital costs associated with the acquisition of and merger with Vectren, which were $0.24 of EPS. We started with $0.99 for 2017 and add $0.05 for the change in core operating income, inclusive of utility performance and Energy Services but excluding equity return. Higher interest expense reduced EPS by $0.02. Equity return provided a $0.05 improvement and other items provided $0.02. Other items includes the benefit from a lower federal income tax rate. This brings us to $1.09 of utility operations EPS on a guidance basis. Excluding the tax benefit, the year-on-year growth in utility operations EPS was 9%. Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on Slide 19, starting with $1.37 for 2017 and ending with $1.60 for 2018. In short, we are up $0.10 year-over-year for utility operations. Midstream investments had a $0.13 improvement, $0.09 of which are attributable to tax reform. Excluding tax reform, midstream investments EPS contribution increased 8% year-to-year. Turning to Slide 20. We show some of the EPS considerations for 2019. The 2019 guidance range is $1.60 to $1.70 and excludes merger financing costs in January and certain expenses associated with the integration of Vectren and CenterPoint. I will note the impact of several activities which were not likely to occur in 2019. For example, our anticipated filing of the Houston Electric rate case means we will not file DCRF and do not anticipate filing TCOS in 2019. In 2018, these filings provided approximately $87 million in combined annual revenue increases relative to 2017. Therefore, we expect to have much greater regulatory lag for these investments made on behalf of our customers. Once the rate case is complete, and revenues are in effect, the updated rates will reflect transmission and distribution investments made in 2018. In addition to these impacts, we expect lower equity return from our transition bonds in 2019 relative to 2018. Pretax equity return related to transition and storm restoration bonds is expected to decrease by $31 million, from $74 million to $43 million. For more information on the schedule, please turn to Page 35 in the appendix. We anticipate the effective tax rate for 2019 will be approximately 22%, excluding EDIT or excess deferred income tax amortization, which has a corresponding offset in operating income. Finally, we will be adjusting our cadence of timing on the filing of the general rate case in Minnesota. We expect to file in the fourth quarter versus recent filings in the third quarter. This will delay interim rates and revenue by several months. While we are quite pleased with Enable's performance, we recognize the midpoint of their forecasted net income range in 2019 is lower than their 2018 net income. In order to assist you with this segment's net income contribution, on Slide 21, we provide pertinent data, including Enable's net income forecast, our ownership percentage, the anticipated basis difference accretion adjustments and the anticipated interest expense and marginal tax rate for this segment. Turning to Slide 22. Our 2020 guidance range of $1.75 to $1.90 reflects the completion of the Houston General Electric rate case and our ability to file TCOS and DCRF mechanisms in 2020. It also reflects interim rates in Minnesota, the completion of the Ohio general rate case, and a full year of earnings from legacy Vectren entities. Notably, it also includes $75 million to $100 million of pretax O&M cost savings. These anticipated savings are primarily corporate overhead and operating synergies, and will be allocated to both utility and nonutility businesses. Since we closed the merger on February 1, we have taken actions to capture the majority of these savings. Over time, much of these savings will benefit our customers. Further, the synergy forecast excludes costs to achieve. We considered each of these factors when developing our guidance range. On Slide 23, we show the business segments from an SEC reporting perspective and how we have grouped those segments in our investor slide deck in recent years. Slide 24 shows how we intend to report our SEC segments going forward, and how we will organize and report these segments to the investment community. We will group our electric segments into electric operations, and all of our related utility segments into utility operations. We will then report out the remaining 4 segments in our earnings walk. In December, we announced a $0.2875 per share quarterly dividend. This represents an approximate 4% increase over the previous quarterly dividend, consistent with our approximately 4% increases in each of the last 5 years. This also marks the 14th executive year we have increased our dividend. I will now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Dennis?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And your first question is from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Bill, wishing you all the best for the future as well.
William Rogers: Thank you.
Ali Agha: My first question, just to clarify the '19 guidance. Are you resuming any merger synergies in '19?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, we do assume merger synergies in '19 as well as, obviously, we have cause to achieve those. But we -- to answer your question specifically, we do assume the synergies are in there.
Ali Agha: So of the $75 million to $100 million, how much should we assume will be in '19?
Scott Prochazka: We have taken action to get after a fair amount of that. We haven't disclosed the actual amount for 2019. But we have already gone forward with the reductions in workforce, which is a significant component of that.
Ali Agha: Okay. And my second question. As you map out the 5% to 7% growth '18 through '23, are you assuming that Enable stays within the portfolio over that 5 years? And for the nonutility businesses, are you generally assuming a growth rate that's also in line with 5% to 7%? Or is it higher or lower? Can you just provide a little more clarity on those?
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, we are assuming that we remain invested in Enable. I will say that we are not assuming that Enable performs at the terms of growth at the same level that our utilities will. We've taken a more conservative view of that. To your question about the growth of our utilities, the growth of our utilities will be a slight reduction off of the growth in rate base over that period due to regulatory lag.
Ali Agha: I see. But just to be clear, the other Vectren nonutility operations, are they going in line with the overall growth, or they're also growing less or more?
Scott Prochazka: I'm sorry, I misunderstood your question. As far as the competitive segments, we do assume that they're growing but not at the rate of our utilities.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just wanted to follow up on the 5% to 7%. I know you guys discussed that in the initial slide deck after the Vectren transaction. Can you give us a little bit more of a sense of what's changed, and if there's any kind of apples and oranges sense versus what's out there implied in the 2020 number? Think cost to achieve for instance, but anything else, right? Obviously, some of the synergy numbers may have changed, but versus the April deck versus today on '20.
Scott Prochazka: Well Julien, I think of the 2020 view that we provided, I think, is very much in line with what we had shared before. As you know, we've tightened up the range versus what we were looking at before as we understand more the pieces. As far as the growth rate, this is the first time we've provided kind of growth up for that five year period, and it's really driven by the visibility around the growth in our utilities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. But when it comes to cost to achieve, that's been -- that's comparable treatment last time versus this go around?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, that is absolutely correct.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And then just quickly, if you can clarify this, what kind of balancing metrics are you seeing in the '20 timeframe associated with that 5% to 7% at that point in time?
Scott Prochazka: Bill, you want to comment on it?
William Rogers: On the balance sheet, Julien, as we've shared before?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Like FFO to debt in '20.
William Rogers: Yes. FFO-to-debt is in -- we target 13% to 16%, and we are comfortably in that range, and therefore, as we've said in the past, we don't foresee any need to raise equity in either 2019 or 2020.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: So just to clarify on Julien's question, the cost to achieve in 2020, what is that? What are you expecting there?
Scott Prochazka: So we've not provided what that number looks like. What we have said though is within the forecasted range of our EPS for that year, we have included a range of possibilities. The reason we haven't provided, we just don't have visibility. We have much more visibility at this point to what the synergies or the cost efficiencies will be. In terms of the primary contributors towards cost to achieve at that point. It will be systems related, and we are just going through the exercise now of refining what that looks like. So we have a range in our minds. We weren't prepared to provide it, but those numbers are going to be primarily system-related costs, and they're inclusive in the earnings range we gave.
Michael Weinstein: I think he was specifically trying to get at, were you including cost to achieve in the prior range that was higher...
Scott Prochazka: We were, yes. Yes, we were.
Michael Weinstein: Okay. And apologize, but one more question. The 5% to 7%, that is the standalone guidance. So the current 5% to 7% is now a merger -- a merged proforma guidance, which is unchanged. So is there -- what synergies are you assuming in this new 5% to 7%? What are the offsets to that -- to those synergies that are keeping the 5% to 7% flat at the same level?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So we had assumed a 5% to 7% growth rate for a -- and discussed a shorter window for it. We've now made the window longer with the visibility around the merged business. We are still in the range, but to your point, following the merger, believe we have moved upward in the range or that we have strengthened our potential performance within that range, but we are still in that range.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: I don't know if I missed this a little bit before, but were you saying that you don't anticipate any sale of units of the Enable at least through the next few years in your guidance?
William Rogers: Insoo, what we've said is that we don't anticipate issuing equity in 2019 or 2020. We have also stated that we will look for opportunities over the forecast horizon to sell some Enable units in order to fund our capital investment.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then not to beat a dead horse, but going back to the 2020 slide from last April to the guidance you gave this time, I appreciate you'd mentioned that the cost to achieve metric was included in both slide decks, and the resulting range is about $0.05 below what you presented in April. Can I assume -- if the utility is still growing at a healthy rate, are the moving pieces -- the other moving pieces in terms of the costs that you've done, maybe have been updated since what you originally thought, in addition to maybe the additional equity that you ended up, raising. Where those the moving pieces that had an impact on the midpoint?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So Insoo, I appreciate your question here. This maybe another calls we're really getting at. If you look at the new range versus the old range, the most significant driver for the decrease on the upper end would be changes around the midstream segment. The forecast provided earlier were at a time when commodity prices were different than they were today. So as we thought about the range of opportunities, that included a larger range of commodity -- or a larger commodity range as it would impact the Enable performance. So by reviewing today's commodity environment and taking a little bit more conservative look given the commodity prices, that's been the primary driver of the reduction of the upper range. We've also, since that time, updated our capital spending for the five year period and have been able to refine a little bit the timing around some of the recovery. But the majority of the impact is related with Enable.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Aga Zmigrodzka with UBS.
Aga Zmigrodzka: Could you please discuss what could drive your earnings closer to the higher versus lower end of your 2020 EPS outlook range?
William Rogers: Aga, this is Bill. Scott, shared one line in the last question, just putting it another way, within the 5% to 7%, the largest unknown is the contribution of earnings from the midstream segment. So what could drive us to the higher end would be a strengthening in commodity prices environment, translating to greater volumes in our midstream segment and, therefore, earnings contribution.
Aga Zmigrodzka: So as a follow-up to that, do you expect Enable's net income in 2020 to be flat versus 2019 in your like middle of the range, or do you expect a decline? Any sense you could give around that?
William Rogers: We have only provided what Enable has provided in their earnings call, and that's their 2019 guidance. We do take a look at their forecast and take a view against that with respect to commodity prices, but we are not going to forecast Enable's net income or other finance metrics beyond 2019.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Congratulations, and thank you, Bill.
William Rogers: Thank you.
Jonathan Arnold: A question on -- just as we look at the back to that original guidance slide. You have the 50 to 100 range on commercial opportunities and cost savings, and now, it's $75 million to $100 million on O&M savings. Have you effectively sort of taken out whatever you're receiving on commercial opportunities? Or is that still part of it that's just not called out? Just curious if you could bridge those numbers a bit for us.
Scott Prochazka: Sure, Jonathan. Thank you for the question because it's a good point. Since we're talking about 2020, our disclosure reflects the fact that we believe the majority of the synergies in 2020 are going to be cost-related or O&M related. We still have expectations that there will be commercial synergies. We just believe they're going to develop more fully in the years following 2020.
Jonathan Arnold: So if I could just probe on that a little bit more, of the 50 to 100, you originally listed commercial opportunities first, suggesting that might have been the bigger piece of it. So is there -- have the cost savings actually increased although the range for the combined is the same, and if so, how much?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I would say that the way we intended to represent the 50 to 100 was that the primary of that would be efficiencies or cost savings, and that there would be some component that was revenue synergy or commercial synergies. Those numbers were an estimate early on. And as we've gotten further into this and we realize that timing, I think we've got more clarity around the cost side of things, which gives us confidence in how we talk about it in 2020, and we have expectations for the commercial side, but we now know the development of that will primarily occur after 2020.
Jonathan Arnold: Great, okay. And then just -- I may have missed this. I apologize if you have to repeat it. But could you give us an update on the process and the timing for replacing Bill?
Scott Prochazka: That activity is underway as we speak. We do not have a replacement announced, but we're actively working that process. And I hate to give timelines when we're in environments like this, but let's just say it's being actively worked, and we hope to have his replacement on in the near future.
Jonathan Arnold: Are you looking inside, outside, or both?
Scott Prochazka: We are looking outside for his replacement.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Christopher Turnure with JPMorgan.
Christopher Turnure: Congratulations again, Bill. A lot of questions have been asked already, but I wanted to just kind of maybe summarized what your message is here and how it's changed. Is it fair to say that outside of Enable, and perhaps a little bit of timing differential with incremental lag and maybe '19 and '20 at the utilities at Houton Electric, the overall plan is pretty much the same, it's not kind of enhanced and a little bit better than it was before?
Scott Prochazka: I think that's a fair representation. We're excited by the plan. We have, as you've seen, we have a robust capital deployment plan for these service territories, and we're excited about it. So I think that's a safe summary.
Christopher Turnure: Okay. You mentioned in response to an earlier question that the, I guess, net income growth of the utilities would be slightly lower than the 8% rate base CAGR. In that vein, is there any reason to believe that lag would remain wide after you hit your stride after the Houston Electric rate case across the whole utility footprint? Will you basically be able to earn your authorized ROE?
Scott Prochazka: I think there will be some accelerated or maybe some enhanced lag in '19 for the reasons that we talked about or Bill talked about. But I think on an ongoing basis, given all the jurisdictions and the various rate mechanisms and the need for occasional rate proceedings, there will always be some element of lag such that our earnings growth will kind of consistently lag behind the 8% rate base growth. But it continues to be our objective, just to push towards and achieve, if not, get very close to our allowed returns in our jurisdictions.
Christopher Turnure: Okay, great. And then just real quick on VISCO, can you give us any updated thoughts. I know the merger has only closed recently, but any reason to think that the Vectren standalone plan has changed?
Scott Prochazka: No. In fact, we believe VISCO is doing well. As we go forward and we begin to talk about the segments starting in Q1, we will begin to provide some more information as to how well that segment's doing. But traditionally, there -- one of the metrics has been backlog, and their backlog is doing very well at the moment.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: Bill, congratulations on a great career.
William Rogers: Thank you.
Charles Fishman: I only had have one question left. On Slide 9, your investment outlook for electric, is Freeport now in there? I assume it's in there. And have you tied that down, because I think last time, you were talking $500 million to $700 million is in -- in what year is that in if it is included?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So that project is now fully baked into the plan. We -- as you say, tied down, we don't have it completely tied down. We had an estimate of what it looks like. The actual amount will be the outcome of the proceeding with the commission because it involves -- it will involve decisions around routing and around some of the infrastructure decisions being made. So there is a range that's in there. What we tend to provide and look at when we provide this data will be kind of midpoint of range, and it spans across, primarily, '21 -- '20, '21 and '22, with '21 being obviously the most significant year.
Charles Fishman: And it's still in that $500 million to $700 million range...
Scott Prochazka: Yes, that is correct. Yes, still in that range.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Har Zhan [ph] with Verizon.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Ashar. They got my name wrong. Can I just ask you, is the merger accretive in '19 and '20, or not based on the new disclosure provided today?
William Rogers: With the exception of a cause to achieve, we're forecasting the merger to be modestly accretive.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And secondly, sorry, a lot of things going on this morning. Bill, can you just mention what the average shares outstanding are? I might have missed it, it might be on the slide, in 2019 guidance and 2020.
William Rogers: Yes. We have provided -- I believe we provided that but it's not -- you should consider the average shares outstanding to be 500 million in 2019, and that will be less than the share count of 505 million because we closed the merger on February 1, so we're taking out 1/12 of the new shares. And then moving to 505 million to 506 million into 2020.
Operator: Our last question is from the line of Andrew Levi with ExodusPoint.
Andrew Levi: Congratulations, Bill. You've been a very good friend, and a better CFO.
William Rogers: Thank you.
Andrew Levi: Just a couple of questions. Just back on Enable, so you're assuming flat earnings on Enable as the forecast. Is that correct?
William Rogers: Our forecast, Andy, is in 2019. And we recognize Enable's midpoint taken from what they have disclosed as below their 2018 contribution. Beyond that, we have not disclosed our forecast, but it does include a range of scenarios, and that's why the growth rate of 5% to 7%.
Andrew Levi: Okay. I thought that you were just -- you said you were just taking the '19 number and then just using that going forward, but provided some number in '20 and '21 that may or may not be different than the '19, is that kind of correct? Am I saying that correctly?
Scott Prochazka: Is he saying it correctly? Andy, could you repeat that? I think it faded a little bit -- your voice faded.
Andrew Levi: Sure, sure, sure. I apologize. So in '19, you have your estimate based on what Enable has put out there. And then in '20 and '21, you're not using the '19 estimate. I thought you were just kind of using the same number. But do you have an estimate for '20 and '21, you're just not sharing that with us.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, that is correct. That's right.
Andrew Levi: Got it. Okay. And then on the cost to achieve in '20, how much -- I'm sorry, if I missed that, but how much is that?
Scott Prochazka: We've not specified what that specific amount is. I' commented earlier that, thematically, the majority of it will be system-related, and we're not far enough along with the analysis post-merger to know exactly what that looks like in that year. So we've made some estimates on a range, and we've made that inclusive in our thinking about earnings, but we've not specified what we think that cost to achieve is in that year.
Andrew Levi: Well, I'll ask the question, I don't know if you can answer it. Is it greater or less than $0.05 per share in '20? Okay. That's no answer, I got that. Got a laugh. Thought I'd ask. Okay. And then the last question I have. So you do have these 2 Vectren legacy, the VISCO and VESCO, and again you guys didn't break that out as far as what earnings contribution is for those in '19, did you?
Scott Prochazka: We did not.
Andrew Levi: Okay. At the same time, I'm just kind of thinking longer term, I kind of have in my head what I think the business is worth if you were to sell them, and then what you could either do with the cash, whether it's buy back stock, or whether fund your business to maybe raise CapEx, whatever it may be. But it's a very low PE business relative to your regulated business, and so I don't really see much sense in keeping those businesses. They don't really grow much. I just want to get your thoughts longer-term. I know, obviously, you just bought them, but is it in the realm of possibilities that you would dispose of those assets and reinvest that in a higher PE business?
Scott Prochazka: Again, the way I would answer that is to your point, we just acquired them. They just came in as part of the merger. As we were looking at those businesses coming in, while they're different than the utility business, they have some utility-like characteristics, which we were comfortable with. We do think there is growth opportunity in those businesses, so I would say our strategic direction is to own and operate and grow those businesses, and that's -- I mean, that's where we stand at the moment.
Andrew Levi: How much capital are you putting into VISCO this year?
Scott Prochazka: Go ahead.
William Rogers: Andy, one way to think about that is really the 2017 and '18, and they invested approximately for $50 million in capital in the infrastructure businesses.
Andrew Levi: Okay. But because it is a fairly -- depending on the year, a fairly capital-intensive business because of the equipment needed on the pipeline side, so I don't know. I guess we'll discuss it more in Boston, but obviously, clearly, you know my opinion.
David Mordy: No further questions. I'd like to thank everyone for their interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-08 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President & CEO Bill Rogers - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Abe Azar - Deutsche Bank Chris Turnure - JPMorgan Ali Agha - SunTrust Ashar Khan - Veriton Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our third quarter 2018 results and provide highlights on other key areas including our pending merger with Vectren. Also with us this morning are several members of the management, who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They've been posted on our website as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filing, news releases, public conference calls, webcast, and post to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories, and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2018. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and non-merger financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. It does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items. Earnings or losses from the change in the value of the zero premium exchangeable subordinated notes were ZEN securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in a company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. During today's call and in the accompanying slide, well refer to public law number 115-97 initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as TCJA or simply tax reform. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. I'd now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will start on slide five with an update on the pending merger with Vectren as well as recent financing activity. In October, we participated in the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission informal hearing and continue to target closing the pending merger with Vectren in the first quarter of 2019. Our integration planning teams are hard at work as they progress through the design phase. These teams now have targets in place that are in line with our anticipated $50 million to $100 million in pretax earnings from potential merger benefits by 2020. CenterPoint completed both the equity and fixed rate debt components of the merger financing in October. We believe that the strong results of the merger financing will help reduce the equity financing needed for our capital budget. Bill will provide additional color on the financing as well as drivers for our combined 2020 EPS potential. Turning to slide six, we are currently conducting our annual CenterPoint capital review processed and I want to provide a preview. We anticipate a 5% to 10% increase in capital investment for the 2019 to 2023 plan versus the 2018 to 2022 plan. We will provide further detail on our updated capital spending plan in our 2018 Form 10-K and on our fourth quarter earnings call. The increase expected is partially driven by the Freeport master plan project, but we anticipate that the updated plan will also include capital expenditure increases across each of our CenterPoint business segments. We will not be reviewing or updating the Vectren Capital Expenditure plan until after we are one company. Next, I will cover the quarterly results. Turning to Slide seven, this morning, we reported third quarter 2018 net income available to common shareholders of $153 million or $0.35 per diluted share, compared with $169 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2017. On a guidance basis, excluding $18 million of after tax impacts associated with the pending merger with Vectren, third quarter 2018 earnings were $170 million or $0.39 per diluted share compared with earnings on a guidance basis of $167 million or $0.38 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. Increases were associated with rate relief, the lower federal income tax rate related to tax reform, midstream investments, customer growth and equity return primarily due to the annual trueup of transition charges. These benefits were largely offset by higher operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization as well as a non-cash charge associated with state deferred tax assets that are no longer expected to be utilized after the internal midstream spin. Bill will discuss that further later in his remarks. O&M is elevated this quarter compared to the third quarter of 2017 due in large part to timing, both within 2018 and in comparison to the third quarter of 2017. The compound annual growth rate for utility operations O&M during the 2014 to 2018 period is expected to be approximately 3%. Generally, over a multi-year period, we expect O&M increases to be in line with inflation. Midstream investments had a strong quarter, and both it and our utility operations posted solid earnings that were in line with our expectations. As a result, third quarter performance keeps us on track to achieve the high end of our $1.50 to $1.60 guidance range for 2018, excluding impacts associated with the pending merger with Vectren. Our business segments continue to implement their strategies, which are focused on safely and reliably addressing the growing needs of our customers, while enhancing financial performance. Turning to Slide eight, I will cover business highlights starting with Houston Electric. Electric transmission and distribution core operating income in the third quarter of 2018 was $214 million compared to $236 million in the third quarter of 2017. We continue to see growth in our electric service adding more than 39,000 metered customers since the third quarter of last year. On the regulatory front, our transmission investment recovery filing for an annual increase of $41 million became effective in July and our most recent distribution investment recovery filing became effective in September providing an annual increase of $31 million. We filed our certificate of convenience and necessity with the PUCT for the Freeport masterplan project in September. The cost estimate which will be driven largely by the route selected is in the range of $482 million to $695 million. The PUCT has requested that ERCOT review this project, which we expect will be completed within the next three months. We anticipate a decision from the PUCT as early as the third quarter of 2019. For a full update of our current regulatory filings, please see Slide 24. Houston Electric is having a strong year and is performing in line with our expectations. Turning to Slide nine, natural gas distribution operating income in the third quarter of 2018 was $3 million compared to $25 million in the third quarter of 2017. We continue to see solid customer growth with the addition of nearly 29,000 customers since the third quarter of last year. Increases in expense as compared to third quarter of 2017 are largely impacted by timing issues. Bill will provide additional color during his remarks. Overall, natural gas distribution is performing well and is on target to meet our expectations for 2018. Energy services operating income was $10 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared to operating income of $5 million in the third quarter of 2017, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $1 million and $2 million respectively. Year-to-date Energy Services core operating income is $51 million compared to $35 million for the first nine months of last year. We continue to see value from our acquisitions and our reiterating Energy Services core operating income target of $ 70 million to $80 million for 2018. Midstream investments contributed $0.14 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2018, compared to $0.10 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017. On Slide 10, we've captured some of the highlights from Enables third quarter earnings call on November 7th. Quarterly volumes of natural gas gathered and processed, natural gas liquids produced and crude oil gathered were at all time highs since Enable's formation in May of 2013. Enable recently announced the Gulf line pipeline that is backed by a precedent agreement with a cornerstone shipper for one point one billion cubic feet per day. In addition, they announced increased contractual agreements in the Williston Basin for a substantial expansion of crude and water gathering systems there and an investment in oil gathering capabilities in the Anadarko Basin, that establishes a credible presence in that region. We are pleased with our midstream investments performance and with the 2019 guidance Enable provided on their most recent earnings call. Turning to Slide 11. We continue to forecast strong earnings growth relative to 2017. For year-to-date guidance EPS, we are $0.20 ahead of where we were at this time last year. We anticipate that utility rate relief and customer growth contributions from energy services and earnings from Enable will continue to drive our earnings growth. We are reiterating our 2018 guidance EPS at the high end of $1.50 to $1.60 range excluding impacts associated with the pending merger with Vectren. As I mentioned earlier, with our permanent financing complete, and integration teams continuing to make progress, we expect to close the merger in the first quarter of 2019 [ph]. We are excited about growing our regulated energy delivery businesses and the complementary nature of our combined competitive businesses. We recognize that customers drive our business and we are excited to serve a larger base of customers with a broader set of products. Recently, CentrePoint was ranked first for the second straight year in the South Region J.D. Power gas utility residential customer satisfaction survey. With the utility businesses in eight states, a competitive service footprint in nearly 40 states and more than 7 million customers, we have a unique opportunity to become a leading customer centric, technology focused energy delivery company in the future. I want to thank our employees for their dedication to our customers while also working safely and efficiently, all of which has resulted in continued strong financial results. I will now turn the call over to Bill to discuss our business segments and our earnings call [ph]. Bill?
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will start with quarter-to-quarter operating income walks for Electric Transmission Distribution and Natural Gas Distribution segments. I will follow this with EPS drivers for utility operations, and our consolidated business on a guidance basis. My intent is to help investors understand the elements that give us confidence in achieving the high end of our 2018 EPS guidance range, excluding impacts associated with the pending merger with Vectren. We have adjusted our GAAP EPS asked for two items to determine guidance EPS. Those adjustments are mark-to-market impacts at our Energy Services business and the net of the mark-to-market assets and liabilities associated with our ZEN securities and related stocks. I will also exclude $15 million of pre-tax costs plus $5 million of Series A Preferred Stock, dividends, requirement associated with the pending merger with Vectren. As we noted in earlier quarters, the adoption of the Accounting Standard for compensation retirement benefits resulted in increased operating income for 2017, as it moves certain amounts below the operating income line. Beginning with Houston Electric's, operating income walk on Slide 13, revenue decreased $22 million as a result of tax reform. When reviewing net income, this revenue impact is offset by lower federal income tax expense. Rate relief translated into a $30 million favorable revenue variance for the quarter and customer growth provides another $9 million in positive revenue variance. O&M had an unfavorable variance of $38 million. O&M increased primarily as a result of increases in vegetation management, preventive maintenance, support services, labor and benefits costs, and third party claims. Much of this is timing related. This is in part influenced by the impact of Hurricane Harvey in the third quarter of 2017. We have been catching up on operating expenses that were deferred, as well as increasing our real resiliency expenditures as a result of lessons learned from last year's hurricane. Equity return related to the true up of transition charges increase $4 million. Lastly, depreciation and taxes accounted for $5 million unfavorable variance. Excluding equity return and impacts of the tax reform adjustment, Houston Electrics operating income decreased by $4 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Year-to-date, Houston Electric is performing in line with our expectation for 2018. Turning to slide 14. Natural Gas Distribution operating income for the third quarter was $3 million versus $25 million for the same period last year. Revenue decreased $6 million as result of tax reform. This was offset by lower income tax expense on the net income line. Operating income included a $5 million positive variance from rate relief, a $2 million benefit from customer growth and a $6 million positive variance due to a decoupling normalization accrual recorded in third quarter of 2018. On a quarter to quarter basis O&M was higher by $25 million. This is largely due to increases in support services, contracts and services, labor and benefit costs and other operations and maintenance expenses. We believe the quarter-to-quarter comparison of O&M is not informative as to annual trends. Some of the variance in the other column is timing related. In 2017 certain expenses or benefits were incurred in other quarters compared to the same quarters in 2018. Lastly, depreciation and taxes were a negative $4 million variance. Year to-date the Natural Gas Distribution segment is performing in line with our expectations. Energy Services third quarter operating loss, excluding mark-to-market adjustments was $10 million versus operating income of $5 million in the third quarter of 2017. Margin decreased due to reduced opportunities to optimize natural gas supply costs which also favorable margins from incremental sales volumes. Operations and maintenance expenses increase and were due primarily to higher legal, technology and support services expenses. CES remains on track for a core operating income contribution of $70 million to $80 million in 2018. Our quarter-to-quarter utility operations EPS walk on a guidance basis is on slide 15. We will start with the $0.28 for the third quarter of 2017 and subtract $0.05 for the charge in core operating income inclusive of Energy Services and excluding equity return. Interest expense was flat, excluding merger related interest expense connected with our acquisition financing. Next, we had $0.01 of improvement from equity return and $0.01 of improvement for other. Other includes the benefit of the lower federal income tax rate. Other also includes a $0.02 tax charge in the gas segment as a result of the internal spin of our Midstream segment. This brings us to $0.25 of utility operations EPS on a guidance spaces excluding $0.04 of merger related impacts in third quarter of 2018. Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on slide 16, starting with $0.38 for the third quarter of 2017 and ending with $0.39 for the third quarter of 2018. In short, we were down $0.03 quarter-over-quarter for utility operations. Midstream investments including a $0.02 unfavorable mark-to-market variance had a net $0.04 EPS gain. Slide 17 shows the year to-date consolidated EPS guidance comparison starting with the $1.04 for the first three quarters of 2017 and ending with a $1.24 for the first three quarters of 2018, a 19% increase. The $0.13 improvement at utility operations is primarily due to the strong performance in our Electric Utility and Energy Services segments. Midstream investments including the negative $0.05 mark-to-market variance year-to-date delivered a $0.07 improvement year-to-date. We even note that going forward this segment will have interest expense associated with the debt at Centerpoint Energy Midstream. With $0.20 of total improvement year-to-date we are well on a track to meet the high-end of our 2018 EPS guidance range. On slide 19, we cover our recent financings, through a combination of common stock, preferred stock, mandatory convertible preferred stock and senior notes and an increase in available revolving credit and commercial paper capacity; we are now in a position financially to close the merger. All of the offerings required significant effort from our treasury group, as well as legal, accounting and tax professionals. I would like to command the team on a successfully completing all these offerings. On slide 20 we provide an update on the Centerpoint Midstream spin. The internal spin of our equity investment in Enable out of CERC was completed in early September. Moodys and Fitch upgraded CERCs credit rating to be Baa1 and BBB+ respectively as a result of the spin. Associated with the spin Centerpoint reduced the deferred tax asset and took a non-cash charge of $11 million in the tax expense line reducing net income by $0.02 per diluted share. On slide 21, we provide the drivers of our potential 2020 EPS on a guidance basis. We do not anticipate issuing equity in 2019 and 2020. As Scott mentioned, we anticipate our capital investments will increase 5% to 10% for the 2019 to 2023 plan relative to the 2018 to 2022 plan. Our integration teams have targets in line with our anticipated $50 million to $100 million in pretax earnings from potential commercial opportunities and cost savings by 2020. We have positive momentum in our competitive businesses and we see that same momentum in Vectrens competitive business. Further, we are please with Enables year-to-date performance in 2018, as well as their recently announced forecast for 2019. Therefore, we continue to anticipate the potential 2020 guidance EPS in the range of $1.76 to $1.98. Slide 22 lists some of the information we intend update on our fourth quarter 2018 earnings call in conjunction with filing our 2018 annual report on form 10-K. These include our five-year capital plan, details on merger cost savings, an overview of our competitive business performance objectives, updates from Enable that would flow through to Centerpoint Energy Midstream, our anticipated effective tax rate and projected EPS expectations. I will conclude by noting our recently declared dividend of $0.2775 per share of common stock. This approximate 4% increase relative two-year ago is consistent with our 4% annual increases in dividends over the last several years. Ill now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Catherine?
Operator: At this time we will begin taking question. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Julien, your line is open. I do apologize. Your next question comes from the line  yes, Julien, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, sorry about that. We are having an issue here. This is [Indiscernible]. He is on mute at the moment. Can you hear me?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We can hear you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Sorry about that guys. Had a little bit of IT on our side [Indiscernible]. Anyway, just wanted to follow-up here first on the CapEx question if you can. You talk about 5% to 10%. What is above and beyond some of the transmissions spending you all have talked about in terms of the initial plan here?
Scott Prochazka: So, Julie its -- as you pointed out, the project weve already talked about, but its a review of capital expenditure or capital plans with respect to what I would consider more normal business around maintenance and infrastructure replacement and growth. Those are the major themes that will impact the other elements of our capital plan in addition to the Freeport Master Plan.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then, also wanted to follow-up a little bit here on the Enable side of the business, obviously, were seeing some reinvigorated investment opportunities here. Does that shifted all your longer term thinking about Enable? And certainly theres been a variety of different elements including potentially greater cash flow contributions here?
Scott Prochazka: And when you say reinvigorating, youre talking about the opportunities that Enable is seeing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. It was the organic opportunities, the acquisitive opportunities and then ultimate how that translates back into cash flow, back into your pocket?
Scott Prochazka: Look, I would characterize this. We are very pleased to see what Enable is doing. Their recent performance and how they are looking into a 2019 based on the performance of their core business as well as these growth opportunities. We -- as we mentioned earlier we have no need to sell any units over the coming 24-month period. That said, I think that if there were opportunities to opportunistically sell units down the road we may take those opportunities, but we are certainly very pleased to see that Enable is performing well and they are being presented with these growth opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then just one last quick clarification. You talked about a 1Q close. Would you expect to provide an update pro forma as soon as you close or are were going to holding out to like a fuller update with 4Q?
Scott Prochazka: Well, we have to close before we really get access to the information and begin that process. So what we anticipate is there will be a reasonable period of time between close and when we have our fourth quarter call which will give us time to prepare what you described.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Its actually [Indiscernible] for Michael.
Scott Prochazka: Hello, good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Yes, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow-up quickly on the Vectren merger. So for the integration exercise -- planning exercise that you've had, anything that would point to where you are in that range of 50 to 100, or are you in the position to share that at this point?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Were not in the position to share other than say were really in the middle of what Ill call the design phase, and given the target that we've established for the team are level of confidence in that range is perhaps is good or stronger than it was when we share that target earlier. So, what were doing is were seeing their work in line with what our expectations are. Well be in a much better position to describe in some greater detail what we think that looks like when we  after weve merger and we have a chance to share that with you.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. So, quickly on that too. So what kind of business outlook for the VISCO VESCO at Vectren that you embed in your 2020 guidance on slide 21? And given their results in the third quarter how  maybe you have you have updated view on that business?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We have not updated our view other than to believe that what we were using. As weve initially described our earnings potential in 2020 is still very appropriate. They just had their earnings call and share their results. And their performance was good and their backlog is good. So we continue to be very optimistic and believe that -- what we had in our -- the basis on which we built our estimates for 2020 so far are still very accurate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning. 
Abe Azar: Just following up on the 2020 range. Why is it still so wide given the execution of the financing and when my you updated it or narrow it?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Weve obviously answered one of the variables on there. But we know as were going through capital planning and were thinking about other variables in there, we felt it is best to wait and do a single consolidated new view of 2020 after many of these other variables have been resolved. So you are right. Weve taken one of the variables out, but there are other things that we want to be able to finalize before we revise or tighten that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Turnure with JPMorgan. 
Chris Turnure: Good morning, Scott and Bill. I have a question on the 2020 guidance slide as well. I think I heard your comments in your prepared remarks on some of the moving pieces within there and your answers to some of the previous questions, but could you maybe walk us through how you can maintain that range, how you can still have confident there despite that the higher equity layer embedded there versus your original estimate?
Bill Rogers: Chris, good morning, it's Bill. We shared with you on the slide and Scott shared with you in his remarks as well as mine, some of the impacts. You are correct and weve completed the equity financing [Indiscernible] and as we look forward to greater rate base investment. But we have yet to complete our capital planning and we have yet to complete our views of the synergies and commercial opportunities associated with the pending merger of Vectren which would be on the top line of that slide. And that's what will need to update and tighten the potential 2020 EPS guidance which will provide for you at our year-end call.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. I had two unrelated questions. But first off, with regards to Enable, from your commentary and the fact that you don't need as you said any proceeds for the next couple of years, is it fair to assume that your overall strategic thinking on Enable may have changed as well to the sense that, you are no longer a bit push to necessarily exit that business, but over time maybe if the opportunity is there could do that? That's question number one. And question number two, could you also give us some  as you look longer term and as youre updating your CapEx, can you just remind us how youre thinking about the growth rate beyond 2020 as well? So two separate questions.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, Ill start with the latter question because I can answer that one fairly quick. We have not provided any guidance with respect to growth rate beyond 2020, because we get to the end of the year and we merge and we can go through a more integrated planning process, well be in a position to determine when were better suited to provide thinking beyond 2020. So that that's the answer I would get to the second question. Your first question I think was about Enable. And in there, you mentioned as our strategic interest in Enable changed. I would say no, it is not. We continue to believe that our objective here is to have less exposure to the Midstream segment. By virtue of this merger we accomplished some of that. We have less percentage exposure to the Midstream segment. But we will continue to look for constructive opportunities to reduce our position over a longer period of time. Weve said in the past that the considerations around monetization of that investment will be as market conditions allow and as we have the needs and the opportunity to redeploy that capital into other investments, and those are going to be the drivers for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Veriton.
Ashar Khan: Good morning. Can you just for a little bit of -- can just tell us exactly what assumptions have changed apart from the financing assumptions since the guidance was given for 2020?
Scott Prochazka: So, at this point we haven't changed any of the assumptions relative to that. We just addressed or now know what the outcome of the financing is. We still have the Vectren forecast that we've been using all along. That's the information that we have. We do know that our forecast internally will change somewhat in part from the capital update that I described in my comments. So that would be a variable that would change.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So that is not being input into that analysis yet, right, so
Scott Prochazka: That is correct.
Ashar Khan: Okay, okay. Thank you so much. So kind of you.
Bill Rogers: Youre welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys. Just listening to a lot of the questions it seems as if there's not a lot of focus on what looks like to be a really fast growing utility you have known in Houston. So just curious, can you talk to us about your views for first power demands growth, meaning, how different now that your three quarters into the year? Do you think your weather normalized view is in Houston relative to what it was maybe at the beginning of the year or at the end of last year this time when you gave guidance? That's question one. Question two, what do you see and I dont mean over the next couple of years with the big transmission project, but Im trying to think longer term. What do you think the opportunity set is and the size and scale is for distribution investment in Houston relative to the historical last five-year run rate?
Bill Rogers: Michael, good morning, its Bill. Ill start with demand and then Scott I think will pick up with CapEx and talk about that. So I would begin the comment that we have now worked through most of Harvey with respect to residential housing consideration and residential housing consideration is translating into meters has accelerated in the 12-month period, and its September 30th relative to the 12-month period ended June 30th. Youll see, if you compare those figures, it was 1.5% for end of September 30th and 1.2% end of June 30th. So we are seeing meter count pick up again. Weve had a normal weather year. Weve had a modest decline, meaning less than 1% in use per customer in a normal weather year. And if youll look at our sales volumes, depending on the period that you want to use, it will be somewhere total increase of 2% to 4%. So industrial and large commercials load continues to be there. That all looks good in the service territory if you've been reading about various economic data and facts on Texas, we continue to add employment at a much faster rate relative to the nation. People are moving here for jobs and our unemployment rate in Texas and in Houston is close to the country as a whole.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, Ill just add because I think Bill gave a lot of the building blocks that would suggest what's driving capital investment opportunity, but we continue to see strong growth in residential and commercial and even in the industrial space. So much of the capital that we have planned in the Houston area is around growth, as well as investments will make around resiliency and around maintenance, that type of thing. So we, as Bill gave you many of the indicators, we did see a little bit of a slowing in the residential meter account. We believe it was because of two things; one was a slight overbuild in high-rise residential and that wave came to a completion about a year ago in the industry or the environment of the community here is now absorbing those units, and the impact that we had from Harvey, a year ago, and were seeing that start to tick back up. So you set those two things aside, all the other indicators suggest the area continues to grow at record pace and that's what drives a lot of our considerations about additional capital needs.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from the line of Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: Great. Thank you. Can you convert the increase in Enable's guidance between 2018 and 2019 into the CNP earnings view? And then, also the -- you exclude the VVC deal close and the dividends, but do you make a change for the shares issued or is that a little bit of dilution this year?
Scott Prochazka: Abe. I'll have Bill answer that question. I think he's got the numbers in front of him.
Bill Rogers: Abe, Enable announced yesterday, their net income estimate of $435 million to $505 million for 2019. That would translate to us $0.42 to $0.48 per share on a share count of $504 million. And that would be before the interest expense burden at CenterPoint Energy Midstream, but would also include $49 million of basis different secretion.
Scott Prochazka: And what was the second part of your question, if youre still there.
Abe Azar: I am here. You excluded the cost around the impacts of the merger this year. Did you also take out the dilution in your numbers or is that still in from the?
Scott Prochazka: End of 2018 yes, were taking out that dilution as well as other costs of capital.
Abe Azar: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Id like now to turn the call back over to David Mordy for any closing comments.
David Mordy: Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy today. This will conclude our third quarter 2018 earnings call. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President & CEO Bill Rogers - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Greg Gordon - Evercore Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our second quarter 2018 results and provide highlights on other key areas including our pending merger with Vectren. Also with us this morning are several members of the management, who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They've been posted on our website as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filing, news releases, public conference calls, webcast, and post to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories, and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2018. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and non-merger financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share. It does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items. Earnings or losses from the change in the value of the zero premium exchangeable subordinated notes were ZEN securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in a company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. During today's call and in the accompanying slide, well refer to public law number 115-97 initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as TCJA or simply tax reform. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Since we have some potential new investors on this call, I would like to start with a brief overview of CenterPoints vision and strategy. Later in the call, Bill will provide an overview of how we present our financial performance. Beginning on Slide 5, CenterPoint has a long-standing vision to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. We are committed to leadership and have been recognized for our use of technology to improve operations and create a better service relationship with our customers. We have enjoyed these successes due to our simple strategy of operate, serve, and grow. These three elements keep us focused on safely and reliably maintaining and operating more than $20 billion in assets, making sure our customers receive the benefits of our investments and product offerings and creating growth opportunities for our employees and our investors. This is done by making the right investments in our energy delivery systems, in the new technologies we introduce to improve efficiency and service quality, in our employees and in the communities we serve. The pending merger with Vectren is well aligned with our vision and strongly supports the elements of our strategy. Next, I will cover the quarterly results, business unit highlights and full year outlook. Turning to Slide 6. This morning we reported a second quarter 2018 net loss of $75 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared with net income of $135 million or $0.31 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. This quarter includes a noncash charge of $0.42 per share associated with our ZEN securities primarily as a result of AT&Ts acquisition of Time Warner. On a guidance basis excluding $34 million of pretax costs associated with the pending merger with Vectren, second quarter 2018 adjusted earnings were $127 million or $0.30 per diluted share compared with adjusted earnings of $125 million or $0.29 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Increases were associated with the lower federal income tax rate related to tax reform, rate relief, equity return primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges, customer growth and midstream investments. These benefits were largely offset by higher operations and maintenance expense, depreciation and amortization and interest expense and certain timing impacts due to both the 2017 Texas Gulf rate order and the Arkansas decoupling mechanism. Utility Operations and Midstream Investments both had a solid quarter. Our performance keeps us on track to achieve the high end of our $1.50 to $1.60 earnings per share guidance range excluding costs associated with the pending merger with Vectren. Our business segments continue to implement their strategies which are focused on safely addressing the growing needs of our customers while enhancing financial performance. Turning to Slide 7. I will cover business highlights starting with Houston Electric. Electric Transmission & Distribution core operating income in the second quarter of 2018 was $167 million compared to $151 million in the same quarter of last year. We see continued growth in our electric service territory adding more than 34,000 metered customers since the second quarter of 2017. On the regulatory front, we made a transmission investment recovery or TCOS filing in May requesting an annual revenue increase of $41 million based on a $285 million increase to rate base, which is largely a result of completing the Brazos Valley Connection Transmission project. We plan to file a certificate of convenience and necessity or CCN with the Public Utility Commission of Texas or PUCT in September for our Freeport Master Plan Project. We anticipate a ruling from the PUCT in the third quarter of 2019. This project is currently included in our five-year plan at a cost of $250 million as filed in our form - in our 2017 Form 10-K. We now anticipate this project will cost up to $630 million, and we will include this as part of our new five-year capital plan in our 2018 Form 10-K. For a full regulatory update of our current filings, please see Slide 24. Houston Electric is having a strong year and is performing ahead of our expectations for 2018. Turning to Slide 8, natural gas distribution operating income in the second quarter of 2018 was $7 million compared to $42 million in the same quarter of last year. We continue to see solid customer growth with the addition of more than 29,000 customers since the second quarter of 2017. The variance for the quarter was largely driven by the timing elements I mentioned earlier, and which Bill will discuss in more detail later. In short, natural gas distribution is performing well and on target to meet our expectations for 2018. Overall CenterPoint is on track with our planned $1.7 billion in capital expenditures for the year. Energy services operating income was $7 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $10 million in the same quarter last year, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $8 million and $6 million respectively. We continue to see value from our recent acquisitions and are reiterating Energy Services core operating income target of $70 million to $80 million for 2018. As mentioned earlier, Midstream investments contributed $0.10 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $0.09 per diluted share in the same period last year. On Slide 9, weve captured some of the highlights from an able second quarter earnings call on August 2. Quarterly volumes of gas gathered and processed were at an all-time high since Enables formation in May of 2013. On their second quarter call, Enable stated they anticipated achieving for 2018 the midpoint or higher of their net income attributable to common units, guidance of $375 million to $445 million. We used this guidance as input for CenterPoints EPS guidance. We use this guidance as input for CenterPoints EPS guidance. Turning to Slide 10. We continue to forecast strong earnings growth relative to 2017 and are excited about the second half of the year. Year-to-date for guidance EPS, we are $0.19 ahead of where we were at this time last year. We anticipate that utility rate relief and customer growth, contributions from energy services, and earnings from Enable will continue to drive growth. We are reiterating our 2018 guidance EPS at the upper end of our $1.50 to $1.60 range, excluding costs associated with the pending merger with Vectren. Regarding the merger, I am pleased with the integration planning work done to date and look forward to closing the merger with Vectren in the first quarter of 2019. Once merged, we will be better positioned as a leading U.S. energy delivery, infrastructure, and services company. Over the past couple of months, I have had the opportunity to meet with many Vectren employees. I'm excited by the enthusiasm they share to help build a company that is committed to common values, safety, customers, communities, reliable operations, and growth. I've also met with stakeholders, including regulators, customers, and local officials in both Indiana and Ohio. I believe the stakeholders appreciate our values and the commitment we have to serving our customers. I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. We recognize that there may be new analysts on this earnings call. Therefore, before I begin the quarter and year-to-date discussions, I want to provide an overview of how we present our financial performance as described on Slide 12. I will start with the GAAP EPS versus guidance EPS when reporting our results. We have adjusted our GAAP EPS for two items to determine guidance EPS. Those adjustments are mark-to-market impacts at our Energy Services business and the net of the mark-to-market assets and liabilities associated with our ZENS securities and related stocks. We do not adjust for timing-related items, onetime items, or enable related mark-to-market impacts. For a detailed reconciliation, please see Appendix Slides 28, 29, and 30. We have five business segments within our company. Those segments are Electric Transmission & Distribution, Natural Gas Distribution, Energy Services, Midstream Investments, and Other Operations. The term Utility Operations in our EPS breakout includes the four business segments other than the Midstream Investments segment. When we speak of core operating income, we exclude the transition and system restoration bonds for Electric Transmission & Distribution and the mark-to-market impacts from our Energy Services. Core operating income does not provide any adjustments to the Natural Gas Distribution segment, nor does it include Other Operations. With that overview, I will now review the financial performance for the second quarter. On a GAAP basis, we reported a second quarter 2018 loss of $0.17 per diluted share. Earnings included a noncash charge of $0.42 per diluted share associated with our ZENS securities. This $0.42 is primarily due to the acquisition of Time Warner by AT&T, whereby Time Warner stockholders receive cash and AT&T stock. As with our ZENS accounting for Charter's acquisition and merger with Time Warner Cable in the second quarter of 2016, there were no cash flow or tax impacts as a result of this transaction. Further details are provided on page 22 of the slide deck, as well as Note 11 in our second quarter Form 10-Q. In order to review our financial performance on a guidance basis, I will begin with quarter-to-quarter operating income walks for our Electric T&D and Natural Gas Distribution segments, then review EPS drivers for utility operations and finish with the consolidated earnings on a guidance basis. My intent is to help investors understand the elements with confidence in achieving the high-end of our 2018 guidance range, excluding costs associated with the pending merger with Vectren. As we noted in the first quarter, the adoption of the accounting standard for compensation retirement benefits resulted in increased operating income for 2017 as it moved certain amounts below the operating income line. As you can see on Slide 13, Houston Electric performed well during the second quarter. While revenue and operating income decreased $19 million as a result of tax reform, this decrease is offset by lower income tax expense when looking to the net income line. Rate relief translated into $26 million favorable variance for the quarter and customer growth provided an $8 million positive variance. Usage accounted for $9 million favorable variance primarily due to a return to more normal weather. Equity return related to the true-up of transition charges increased $14 million. We have provided an updated equity return amortization table and appendix due to our recent nonstandard true-up filing. O&M accounted for an unfavorable variance of $15 million. Excluding the equity return and the tax reform adjustment, Houston Electrics operating income increased by $21 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Overall, Houston Electric is performing ahead of our expectations for 2018. Now, turning to Slide 14. Natural Gas Distribution operating income for the second quarter was $7 million versus $42 million for the second quarter of last year. This $35 million decline was primarily attributable to three items. First, the recording of regulatory liabilities to reflect the decrease in the tax rate from tax reform has a corresponding decrease to revenue of $5 million. As noted in the Houston Electric review, there is a corresponding offset in income tax expense. Second, the timing of a decoupling normalization accrual recorded in the second quarter 2017 associated with warmer-than-normal weather during the 2016 and 2017 winter season accounted for a $16 million benefit in 2017 that was not repeated in 2018. Third, in second quarter 2017, we had a onetime net benefit of $10 million attributable to adjustments related to the Texas Gulf rate order. Operating income also included $7 million positive variance from rate relief, a $2 million benefit from customer growth and an $11 million increase in O&M expense. The Natural Gas Distribution segment is performing well and is on track with our expectations for 2018. Energy Services second quarter operating income excluding mark-to-market adjustments was $7 million versus $10 million in the second quarter of 2017. For this business segment, we are reiterating our operating income target for the full-year 2018 of $70 million to $80 million compared to $46 million for 2017, again excluding mark-to-market adjustments in both years. Our quarter-to-quarter Utility Operations EPS walk on a guidance basis is on Slide 15. We start with $0.20 and subtract $0.02 for core operating income inclusive of Energy Services and excluding equity return. This decrease is a result of items I note in operating income walk for the gas distribution. Next, we add $0.01 for additional interest expense as a result of higher debt to fund capital investment. We also had additional interest expense connected with our bridge financing. However, that is included in merger-related expenses. Next, we had $0.02 of improvement from equity return and $0.01 of improvement for other. Other does include the benefit from a lower federal income tax rate. That brings us to $0.20 Utility Operations EPS on a guidance basis excluding $0.06 of merger-related expenses. Our consolidated EPS comparison is on Slide 16, starting with $0.29 for the second quarter of 2017 and ending with $0.30 for the second quarter of 2018. In short, we are even quarter-to-quarter for the Utility Operations and Midstream investments after a $0.02 mark-to-market charge and a $0.01 net EPS gain. Slide 17 shows the year-to-date consolidated combined guidance comparison starting with $0.66 for the first half of 2017 and ending $0.85 per share for the first half of 2018. Utility Operations has delivered $0.16 of improvement year-to-date primarily due to the strong performance of our Electric Utility and in Energy Services. Midstream investments after a $0.03 mark-to-market charge year-to-date has delivered a net $0.03 improvement. With this $0.19 of total improvement year-to-date, we are well on track to meet the high end of our 2018 guidance range. Now turning to Slide 18. We are providing an update as to key milestones on our pending merger with Vectren. Vectren shareholders will vote on the pending merger on August 28. We made informational filings with the Indiana and Ohio commissions, and a hearing is scheduled for Indiana on October 17. There is no hearing scheduled in Ohio, and no parties intervened or protested our FERC application. Our plan of financing is unchanged since the first quarter update. We plan to finance the acquisition of Vectren common shares with a combination of $2.5 billion of CenterPoint common equity, mandatory convertibles or other high-equity content securities. The remainder of the acquisition financing will be senior notes and/or commercial paper issued by our holding company and cash. Additionally, the process for our internal spin of Enable is progressing well and is expected to be completed in 2018 prior to the Vectren merger close. As we have shared previously, we do not plan to sell Enable units to finance the merger. Moving to Slide 19, the plan of financing is based upon our objective to achieve a consolidated 15% adjusted funds from operations to debt as measured by rating agencies in 2020. We view that with our current business risk profile and this debt coverage, we will achieve BBB or better credit quality for all of our rated debt securities upon closing of the merger. I will conclude on Slide 20 with our prospective combined company projected rate base. We created this combined rate base slide from year-end rate base estimates provided by us and Vectrens rate base estimates published in yesterday in their earnings call slides. CenterPoints year-end rate base estimates are consistent with the average rate base estimates that we provided on our February 22 call. Add it together; our investors produce a compound annual growth rate of 7.6% for the 2017 through 2022 period. We anticipate both companies will be updating their capital expenditure plans in their respective independent filings of their 2018 Form 10-Ks. Finally, wed like to note our recently declared dividend of $0.2775 per common share. This is an approximate 4% increase relative to a year ago and consistent with our 4% annual increases in dividends over the last several years. I'll now turn the call back to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: My first question, Bill, I mean - I wanted to just get a sense any further thoughts that - of the $2.5 billion equity in terms of the mix that you're looking at, are we still thinking that the bulk of it will be common, as opposed to mandatory or some other form? And just some sense of how youre thinking about the timing.
Bill Rogers: Its Bill. I think you said it correctly. The bulk of it is $2.5 billion and it's a combination of common equity, mandatory convertibles or other high-equity content securities. With respect to the timing, we have said we intend to complete the permanent financing for the acquisition of Vectren common shares before we close on the merger.
Ali Agha: And I guess my second question, Scott, to you, looking at the numbers you've given us on Slide 20 which break out the rate base growth rates for each company separately, on a - if I look at just the CenterPoint component of it, you're growing at about 8.1%, the Vectren numbers are 6.6%, so the combined gets to 7.6% that you pointed out. I guess the question being that on a stand-alone basis, so rate base growth, which is a good proxy for earnings growth, in my mind, is actually higher. So, again, I'm not quite clear what Vectren would bring to the table given that it's actually diluting your rate base growth rate.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, the way I would respond to that is they have - still have a very strong growth rate on their rate base given their capital plans. Their plans, as they have shared them, or their expectations involve growth in both their regulated businesses and their unregulated businesses.  And when you look at the growth opportunities for that complete set, matched up with our set, we think they're nicely complementary to our growth rate. So this is just taking a look at the utility side. I will also say that each year, both companies or all companies update their capital plans based on requirements going forward. But there - as you pointed out, their growth rate is technically lower than ours on the utility side, but they anticipate other growth in some of their non-regulated business units.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I wanted to follow up on the sale - well, basically the financing composition here. Can you perhaps elaborate a little bit on your latest thoughts on Enable just in the context of ongoing equity needs, independent of the sale, and also with respect to the sale, the composition of equity and equity units, if you have any further thought process in and how exactly you want to structure it?
Scott Prochazka: So, Julien, I don't think we have any more to share on the composition piece in terms of our equity other than what Bill just shared a minute ago. And with respect to Enable, look, right now, we are focused on the financing of this transaction. What we have said is following the transaction, we will have some modest equity requirements to fund the capital requirements of our businesses going forward. And at that time, Enable may be a source of funds for that. But at this point, we're focused on completing this transaction and the necessary financing for it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And can you elaborate a little bit  I mean, you just discussed a little bit already around the creative nature to rate base of the Vectren acquisition. Can you comment a little bit more specifically around the electric versus gas versus non-reg contributions to that future rate base? Or let's keep it with electric versus gas, just to keep the focus on rate base specifically. But altogether, I mean, I know that this is perhaps separate in the $50 million to $100 million pre-tax that you've talked about, but just getting a little bit more of a sense as you had more time to look at the business.
Scott Prochazka: Yes Julien, I don't think we're prepared at this point to comment on the rate base growth deltas by business unit at this point. We are, for context purposes, about three weeks into our integration planning exercise. So we are at the front end of understanding more information about the specifics that would - we will pursue once the deal is closed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Or maybe let me specify a little bit more carefully. Electric, on the Vectren side historically, has seen a little bit more rate inflation and so, therefore, I suppose has had a little bit more of a difficult time accelerating their growth. Could you see merger-related benefits accruing such that Electric could see a disproportionate growth again? Or are we talking principally about the sizable growth at gas and just continue to accelerate on that front?
Scott Prochazka: Well, again, it's probably premature to be talking about their capital plans. But they do have appreciable spend in both their electric and their gas businesses, if that's helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: Could you talk a little bit about the Freeport plan and the reasons for the substantially increased costs? I mean, just looking at the 10-Q and I see that some of its related to environmental, and I'm wondering if maybe Hurricane Harvey had something to do with that or  and then, also, as a part of this question, maybe address the  how you think regulators might react to this, to the extent that you've already talked to them about these increased costs.
Scott Prochazka: So, Michael, to your first question, the driver for the increase from the original estimate of 250, that estimate was made early on when we were considering, at a high level, different routing options. During the time between that estimate and the one we just provided, we were able to do much more refined analysis about routing options and the structures needed to be able to withstand certain wind tolerances, as well as recognition of environmental wetland-type areas that are in this region of our service territory. When you couple the design requirements, including all of those factors, we end up with a cost for this line that has gone up from the 250 up to the number that I specified at around 630. So that's really the driver. Its structure and environmental-related routing issues. Itll be the short answer to that. Go ahead.
Michael Weinstein: And a regulatory commentary on this so far, I mean I'm presuming you've already put some thoughts here?
Scott Prochazka: So this is something that is just now entering the process with the Commission. We will be presenting that to them as we make our filing. But one point to note, this is an investment that was deemed necessary by ERCOT as a result of reliability needs in the region. So, we still see this as a solution to solve a reliability-related design issue and I still believe its the most cost-effective solution available.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Thanks for taking my question. Just thinking about taxes and on the electric side, can you talk to us a little bit about demand trends that youre seeing specifically  weather normalized, obviously  but specifically across the customer classes, whats coming in a little bit higher than maybe what you would bake in? Whats coming in a little bit lower than maybe what you anticipated and maybe what the drivers are?
Scott Prochazka: What we're noticing around the Texas area is really strong ongoing demand in the commercial and the industrial sectors. That's what tends to be driving overall throughput along the system as well as some weather-related. But you asked for kind of weather-normalized. Those two segments tend to be weather-normalized automatically. We still continue to see strong demand with our residential sector. They are essentially on a use per customer basis holding flat, which is what we've seen for several years now. We will note that we have seen a slight downturn in the growth rate associated with residential addition. We believe that's associated with Hurricane Harvey and the impacts that had on residential meters. And I think we're going to see noise in that growth rate until we pass the period in which Harvey occurred which would be in the fall. So, that's creating some noise. We also had a surge in the most recent period of completing multiple multi-family units. And multi-family unit construction has slowed now while the inventory is being consumed. But our additions in, say, a more of a suburban setting continue to be strong. One of our indications for that is we have joint trench crews. These are crews that go out and put in the infrastructure ahead of development build. These crews are operating at a level that is higher than last year, for example. So we see good fundamentals that even though the residential count is lower that the residential demand is still very strong.
Michael Lapides: Can you talk to us a little bit about what is your kind of all-in demand growth that you embed in your multi-year guidance?
Scott Prochazka: We think about 2% overall.
Operator: Your next question is from Greg Gordon from Evercore.
Greg Gordon: Two questions. One, it doesn't seem that  like that big of an issue, but there was a $3 million delta quarter-over-quarter in the Energy Services businesses. Now, youre obviously still pointing to confidence in your guidance range for the year, so I'm sure it's quarter volatility. But can you just go into little more detail as to what would cause that?
Scott Prochazka: There was a little bit of volatility in the quarter. But as you pointed out, it's a low quarter anyway, so any amount of volatility gets exacerbated. We did  we made some adjustments. There were some adjustments that we made on the balance sheet that had an effect and fairly minor in nature. But again, since the number is small on this quarter, it got amplified.
Greg Gordon: Okay.
Scott Prochazka: The fundamentals  Ill just say the fundamentals remain very strong in this business. Customer count is up. Our throughput is up. Margin is staying very healthy. So, we're still very bullish on this space.
Greg Gordon: That's the answer. There was no shift in underlying fundamental trends in the business.
Scott Prochazka: No, there was not.
Greg Gordon: Second question is, unless I'm mistaken, I don't think you've announced the full suite of who's going to be your senior management for the pro forma company other than you definitively being CEO. Is that correct? And if that is, when will we get a fuller sense of who the management team is going to be?
Scott Prochazka: That is correct. I have not announced it. And as for timing, waiting until later in the process. I'd like the decision-making to be informed by our integration planning process. So it will be a little later on the process before I get to that point.
Operator: Your next question is from Zach Prince from Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. Its Antoine actually. How are you? Quickly on the  and apologies if I missed it, but the way you guys are in the restructuring of CERC.
Scott Prochazka: I will let  Ill let Bill answer this.
Bill Rogers: Antoine, good morning. As we said, we should be completing that at year-end this year where our investments in Enable Midstream that are held at the CERC level get moved to a separate entity. We call it CenterPoint Midstream. And then we put leverage against those investments, and the use of the proceeds from those borrowings will be to pay down debt at CERC and to pay down debt at the holding company.
Unidentified Analyst: And for CERC, there will be  supposedly to reach the debt-to-capital ratio?
Bill Rogers: Yes, the target debt-to-capital ratio for CERC is the weighted average debt-to-capital ratio that we have for the Utilities and CERC.
Unidentified Analyst: And would Energy Services be included in that?
Bill Rogers: For this time, Energy Services will remain part of CERC.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Old investor, not new investor. So just on Enable, so if you go back to the last 12 months or so, obviously, it's been a tough environment and you've mentioned a few times in terms of thinking about monetizing. There had been some times of that changing. So maybe just from that standpoint, is that ignoring So maybe just from that standpoint, is that ignoring that you don't need it for the merger, or just is there A better environment now for you to think about monetization of some of the stake?
Scott Prochazka: Well, clearly, Steve, with the strengthening in the market, that space, that is a positive sign. We'd like to see that. We continue to monitor that market for strength of investors. But I would answer the question by saying, look, our near-term focus is around financing the acquisition and keeping our attention on that. And then to the extent that there would be opportunities for Enable, it would be down the line when we're looking at equity requirements for our ongoing growth capital.
Steve Fleishman: And then one other question on just the 2018 guidance, I wanted to clarify you're still using the midpoint of the Enable range. And also, did you  are you including any of the good July weather, which I guess we pay attention to on the power side?
Bill Rogers: Steve, it's Bill. Our guidance at the high end of our $1.50 to $1.60 incorporates Enables guidance when they say they're at their midpoint or higher. With respect to July weather, yes, it's been somewhat warmer-than-normal weather. But to date, we haven't updated for third quarter activities. This is just through second quarter.
Operator: Okay. There are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn it over to the leaders for any closing remarks.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our second quarter 2018 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President & CEO Bill Rogers - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Khanh Nguyen - Credit Suisse Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Ali Agha - SunTrust Josephine Moore - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Larry Lu - JP Morgan Lasan Johong - Auvila
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the Company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our first quarter 2018 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning are several members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides. They have been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note, we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2018. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughout, commodity prices, effective tax rate, and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the Company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZEN securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the Companys Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enables most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. During todays call and in the accompanying slides, we will refer to Public Law Number 115-97, initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as TCJA or simply tax reform. Before Scott begins, I would to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Id now like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will begin on Slide 5. This morning, we reported first quarter 2018 net income of $165 million or $0.38 per diluted share, compared with net income of $192 million or $0.44 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. On a guidance basis, first quarter 2018 adjusted earnings were $241 million or $0.55 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings of $160 million or $0.37 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Increases were associated with the lower federal income tax rate related to tax reform, improved energy services performance, equity return primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges, usage primarily due to a return to more normal weather, rate relief and customer growth. These benefits were partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense and depreciation and amortization. Utility operations and midstream investments both had a strong quarter. Simply put, our performance exceeded expectations this quarter and put those on attract to achieve the high-end of our $1.50 to $1.60 diluted EPS guidance range. Our business segments continued to implement these strategies, which are focused on safely addressing the growing needs of our customers, while enhancing financial performance. Now, Ill cover business highlights starting with Houston Electric on Slide 6. Electric transmission and distribution core operating income in the first quarter of 2018 was $99 million compared to $66 million in the same quarter of last year. We continue to see strong growth in our electric service territory adding almost 40,000 metered customers since the first quarter of 2017. Throughput increased 4.7% in the first quarter of 2018, compared to the first quarter of 2017. We also completed an energized the Brazos Valley Connection in March. It was both ahead of schedule by two months and at a capital cost within the estimated range in the utility commission's original order. On the regulatory front, in February, we filed a revision to our transmission investment recovery filing also known as T-cost, which was previously approved in November 2017. We made this filing per our letter to the PUC to address certain impacts of tax reform. We also made a distribution investment recovery filling, often refer to as DCRF in April to address certain impacts of tax reform and began the recovery of distribution capital investment incurred since our last filing. For a complete overview of Houston Electrics year-to-date regulatory developments, please see slide 24. Turing to Slide 7, natural gas distribution operating income in the first quarter of 2018 was $156 million, compared to $168 million in the same quarter of last year. We continue to see solid customer growth with the addition of more than 31,000 customers since the first quarter of 2017. Later in the call, Bill will explain how this performance represents a year-over-year improvement. In March, we've reached a unanimous settlement agreement on our Minnesota rate case. The settlement makes decoupling a permanent part of the tariff. It also addresses the impacts of tax reform. This settlement has been ruled on by the administrative law judge and is now pending approval by the Minnesota PUC. We've made several other regulatory filings across our territories. These include an Arkansas formula rate plan or FRP and Oklahoma-based performance based rate change or PBRC, and grip filings in our Beaumont East Texas and Texas Gulf divisions. For complete overview of natural gas distributions year-to-date regulatory developments, please see Slide 25 Turning to Slide 8, energy services operating income was $54 million in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $20 million in the same quarter of last year excluding a mark-to-market loss of $80 million and a gain of $15 million respectively. Successful integration of recent acquisitions has resulted in commercial opportunities and improved financial performance at Energy Services. As a result, we are increasing our operating income guidance for Energy Services to $70 million to $80 million for 2018. On Slide 9, we've captured some of the highlights from Enable's first quarter earnings call on May 2nd. Midstream investments contributed $0.12 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2018 compared to $0.10 per diluted share in the same period last year. Enable performed well this quarter. Quarterly volumes of gas gathered, processed and transported interstate were all at their highest level since Enable's formation in May of 2013. Enable stated on their first quarter call, they do not anticipate issuing equity in 2018. Further, they increased their net income guidance for the year. For these reasons, we continue to believe Enable is well positioned for success. Given the strong results Enable released on Wednesday including their updated 2018 forecast, we believe they are undervalued. As promised during our Investor Call last week, we want to further discuss our recently announced merger agreement with Vectren. Let me begin with the brief review of our merged companies operating areas covered on Slide 10. Upon closing, we will have regulated utility operations in eight states serving more than 7 million customers. Additionally, we plan to invest in excess of $2 billion in capital each year through 2022. And finally including the unregulated businesses, we will have a combined footprint covering nearly 40 states. Slide 11 outlines the key strategic drivers for the merger. This strategic transaction will continue to advance us towards our vision of being the nation's leader in delivering energy, service and value. First, the merged company will have expanded capabilities with respect to operating and customer facing technologies. Our experience with smart meters, data management, intelligent grid, power alert service and advanced leak detection complement Vectren's experience with energy efficiency, renewable energy and infrastructure services. These combined learnings can be effectively applied across the combined larger customer base. Second, we will pursue additional growth opportunities as the merged company will have more customers who can access a wider mix of products and services. Further, the combined company will realize additional earnings by investing regulated capital to meet the needs of the 7 million plus customer base. Third, the resulting company will be larger, approaching $30 million in enterprise value with more geographic and business line diversity. Size and scale also support realizing operating efficiencies and the potential for more cost effective financing through a lower costs of capital. As seen on Slide 12, our earnings mix will change with the combined company. We expect the proportion of earnings from utility operations will increased and the relative contribution of midstream investments will decrease. In addition to enhanced visibility created by this change in earnings mix, Vectrens infrastructure business also known as VISCO is driven primarily by long-term infrastructure replacement plans within the gas utility sector. The combination of these elements provides us greater visibility and confidence in long-term earnings. Let me close by providing commentary on our earnings trajectory on Slide 13. First quarter 2018 was a strong quarter and as stated earlier, we are updating our 2018 EPS guidance to the high-end of $1.50 to $1.60 range. This represents over 15% growth from our 2017 guidance EPS. We want to reiterate our year-over-year 2019 and 2020 EPS growth guidance of 5% to 7%. Bill will provide specific inside into earnings potential as a result of the merger. For 2018 and 2019 guidance ranges are both exclusive of any one-time costs associated with the Vectren merger. Im also excited about the years beyond 2020. We expect to have strong fundamentals that we will continue to drive earnings growth. We do not anticipate revisions to the capital plans of Vectren or CenterPoint, so the combined company expects to have strong rate base growth. We operate states with constructive regulatory jurisdictions that include efficient capital recovery mechanisms. We are excited by the growth potential across the unregulated businesses and the increased in proportional earnings driven by regulated utility fundamentals. For example VISCO is position to take advantage of industry-wide natural gas distribution capital spend as evidenced by their near record backlog of $765 million mentioned on Vectrens first quarter call. In summary, we had a great quarter guided towards the top end of our 2018 earnings guidance range and are excited about CenterPoints post merger future. I would like to thank our employees, whose commitment and contributions are driving our success. Our continued focus on customers' reliability, safety, communities and financial performance will serve us well as we advanced our businesses and work to realize the strategic value associated with our merger. Id like to now turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will start with quarter-to-quarter operating income walks for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility operations and then our consolidated business on a guidance basis. My intent is to help investors understand the elements, which give us confidence and achieving the high-end of our 2018 guidance range. Before I begin, I will note the adoption of the accounting standard for compensation and retirement benefits resulted in resaving operating income for 2017 as it is moved certain amounts below the operating income line. As you can see on Slide 15, Houston Electric performed well during the quarter. The recording of regulatory liability to reflect the decrease in tax rate from tax reform has a corresponding decrease to revenue of $12 million. This decrease in revenue is offset by lower income tax expense. Rate release translated into a $23 million favorable variance for the quarter and customer growth translated into a $6 million positive variance. Usage accounted for $8 million favorable variance primarily as a result of a return to more normal weather. Equity return primarily related to true up of transition charges increased $14 million. However, we intend to make a non-standard filing for a true up of transition charges for transition bond company number 4 this May. If approved, this would lower the transition charge and equity return amortization in 2018. O&M accounted for an unfavorable variance of $6 million. Our objective is to maintain expense increases below 2.5% per year over the five year plan period. Excluding equity return and the tax reform adjustment, Huston Electric's operating income increased from $59 million to $90 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Overall, Huston Electric is on track with our expectations. Turning to Slide 16, natural gas distribution also performed well for the quarter. Operating income for the first quarter was $156 million versus $168 million for the first quarter last year. The recording of regulatory liabilities to reflect the decrease in the tax rate from tax reform has a corresponding decrease of revenue of $15 million and an offset in income tax expense. Rate relief translated into a $22 million positive variance and customer growth provided a $3 million benefit. Usage related primarily to a return to more normal weather provided a $5 million benefit, other including O&M accounted for $12 million unfavorable variance. Planned leak repair record management, and pipeline integrity all contributed to higher O&M within gas. As with our electric segment, over the longer term, we expect to manage expense increases below 2.5%. Depreciation and taxes accounted for $15 million unfavorable variance. With depreciation and the taxes variance, we have note that we had a Minnesota property tax refund benefit of $9 million recognized in first quarter of 2017. Without the tax reform adjustment and excluding the 2017 Minnesota property tax adjustment, operating income improved 7% quarter-over- quarter. We are on track with our expectations for this business segment. Improvement in our Energy Services segment is included within the $0.10 improvement in core operating income on Slide 17. Energy Services' first quarter operating income was $54 million excluding mark-to-market adjustments and represents a $34 million improvement over first quarter of 2017. Successful integration of recent acquisitions has resulted in commercial opportunities and improved financial performance. Our Energy Services business through size and scale was well positioned to take advantage of price volatility and higher natural gas demand due to short term spikes from colder weather. Overall, weather was milder than normal. However, we did benefit from colder weather in several of our key regions. Simply put, we are doing more profitable business with more customers. For this business segment, we are raising our operating income guidance for the full year 2018 to $70 million to $80 million, which is included in our revised and higher earnings guidance for 2018. Now returning to the earnings walk on Slide 17. Our quarter-to-quarter utility operation starts with $0.27 and utility operations EPS and adds $0.10 of improvement from core operating income. This is inclusive with energy services, but exclusive of equity return. Next, we add $0.02 of improvement from equity return, the $0.04 improvement in other includes the benefit from tax reform in the federal tax rate. All-in-all, utility operations approximate 59% improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis with guidance EPS increasing from $0.27 to $0.43 per share. Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on Slide 18. The utility operations increases show on previous slides, are totaled here for $0.16 improvement. On a quarter-to-quarter basis, midstream had a $0.02 improvement in contribution to CenterPoint earnings. The quarter-to-quarter improvement would have been $0.02, but for a $0.01 mark-to-market gain that was recognize in first quarter 2017. Overall, we had approximately 49% quarter-to-quarter improvement on a guidance basis or $0.55 per share in this quarter versus the $0.37 per share in first quarter 2017. With the improvement for the first quarter, we believe it is appropriate to update our 2018 guidance despite the fact that we have three quarters of the year remaining. Building on Scotts discussion of our earnings trajectory Slide 19 provides our combined potential 2020 guidance earnings per share walk. Using publicly available 2018 guidance and earnings growth projections of 5% to 7% for CenterPoint Energy and 6% to 8% for Vectren, we provide a forecast of 2020 net income for each company. We are targeting 50 million to 100 million of near-term improvements in operating margin on a pre-tax basis from new revenue opportunities, commercial opportunities and corporate cost savings. We expect to recognize these operating margin improvements across our unregulated business footprint. For the purposes of this slide, we assume $3.5 billion of debt at a 4% average interest expense. Next, we assume 90 million to 110 million shares of CenterPoint common equity to provide both for the 2.5 billion net proceeds for the acquisition of Vectren shares and for the potential issuance of common equity in 2019 or 2020 to fund rate base investment. Although, this slide reflects issuance of common equity, as stated in the footnote, we continue to evaluate the inclusion of other high equity content securities such as mandatory convertible securities and our plan of acquisition financing. Should we include these securities, then it would be less dilutive to our basic earnings per share calculation provided on this slide. This plan of financing does not contemplate sales of enabling units in 2018 through 2020. Rather, this is accomplished by further sales of CenterPoint common shares. As we stated in our year-end 2017 earnings call and as disclosed in this footnote, we considered the sale of Enable units to be a potential source of equity needs where our 2019 and 2020 rate base investment. This is under the assumption there is an attractive equity capital market environment for these securities. The resulting 2020 potential EPS range is a $1.76 to $1.98. As Scott shared in his call last week, this is neutral to accretive to our prior forecasted 2020 earnings per share range. Next, I will turn to our financing plan and discuss two components. First, I will discuss the merger financing in more detail including our credit outlook. Secondly, I will discuss our plan for separating our Enable common units from CERC into the newly-owned, wholly-owned subsidiary of CenterPoint called, CenterPoint Midstream. This internal corporate restructure is subject to continued review and evaluation. As you can see on Slide 20, we planned to finance the acquisition of Vectren common shares with proceeds from the equity and debt markets. As previously discussed CenterPoint will issue $2.5 billion at the common and potentially high equity content securities such as mandatory convertible securities. The balance is $3.5 billion of debt financing at the holding company and at CenterPoint Midstream, which will then dividend of proceeds the holding company. We do not expect Huston Electric or CERC to issue debt to support this merger. This plan of financing is based on our objectives to maintain a consolidated 15% adjusted FFO to debt or better as measured by the rating agencies. We believe that maintaining this metric as well as our current business risk profile will result in BBB or better credit quality at all current and future publicly rated CenterPoint entities. For further clarity, again, I will repeat, that we do not intend to sale Enable common units to finance the acquisition of Vectren shares. We put high value on having solid investment grade credit quality. We've met with all three rating agencies and advanced the signing of the merger agreement with Vectren. During those meetings, we shared our strategic rationale, plan of financing and forward-looking financial forecast. We will continue this dialogue as we execute our plan of financing, merger and corporate reorganization. All three rating agencies published after our announcement on Tuesday April 24th. We have included some of their commentary on Slide 21 and an update on our credit ratings and outlook. As seen on Slide 22, we are planning to separate our Enable common units from CERC through an internal spend of these interests. Subject to continued review and evaluation, we would establish the CenterPoint Midstream company in 2018 to hold our interest in Enable. This would be a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CenterPoint Energy. Please note that this would be an internal spend and not an external spend of our midstream interest. We have two objectives for this structure. First, the creation of this new entity would be to begin the transformation of CERC into an entity that owns and operates only regulated natural gas distribution companies. Second, we anticipate that debt raise is going to point midstream will reflect our prior internal allocation of debt associated with the investments in the midstream segment. Since there is legacy debt of both CERC and the holding company that is related to our midstream segment, CenterPoint's Midstream new borrowings is expected to help produce both CERC and holding company debt. At this time, we would not expect CenterPoint Midstream to be a separate SEC registrant or to have its own public credit ratings. We expect this structure will provide greater visibility of our internal and external performance measurement at our natural gas utilities in midstream segments. Before I close, I will add a few comments on the Vectren merger. We are combining two companies with strong capital investment opportunity and rate base growth. In addition to the regulated businesses, we believe we have the right mix of unregulated products and services to meet the customer needs of today and tomorrow. We delivered strong first quarter results this morning and we are excited to this merger provides us with the opportunity to deliver even stronger earnings results than we were to separate entities. We continue to target closing for the first quarter of 2019 and we are looking to forward to sharing more detail as we get closer to closing. Finally, wed like to note our recently declared dividend of $0.2775 per common share. This is an approximate 4% increase relative to a year ago and consistent with our 4% increases in dividends over the last several years. Dividend declarations are made by our Board in review of all of the financial facts and circumstances at the time of the declaration. Having stated that, we have modeled similar increases in our financial forecast that I reviewed earlier in this presentation. David?
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger?
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Weinstein from Credit Suisse.
Khanh Nguyen: This is Khanh for Michael. So quick questions. We see on the merger. Can you elaborate a little bit more on what confidence you have in terms of synergy and business opportunities in that merger given the physical distance between the companies?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, the way we look at this is, we look at opportunities for revenue synergies between our unregulated businesses. They have customer list, which can benefit the combined new business mix, so that creates revenue opportunities. We have with any corporate public merger of this size, you obviously have opportunities for streamlining and efficiencies. And if you look at just the number that we put in here as a place order of $50 million to $100 million of pre-tax, thats a fairly small number compare to the revenue elements of the unregulated businesses as well as the combined O&M budget of the two companies. So, we think this is very achievable.
Khanh Nguyen: So in terms of FFO to debt, can you remind us what kind of range of the combined entity, you indicate that 15% upon the closing of the merger? And what range would be, youll be comfortable and plan to improve that ratio in the future?
Scott Prochazka: Thats right. Subsequent to the merger on a forward-looking basis, we see 15% FFO to debt as calculated by the rating agencies, and that should gradually improve overtime.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from Evercore ISI.
Greg Gordon: Sorry to circle back on this, but frankly you guys have paid a pretty significant premium to have the opportunity to merge with Vectren, and the business as your core utilities are excellent businesses. There is no question about that. I'm just less familiar with there on regulated business. And since the secret sauce here in terms of earning back to merger premium seems to be in the synergies you can generate in the unregulated segment. Could you just pleased, if you can talk about what sort of the natural industrial logic is to the synergies there? And why you believe that combining those businesses, your current energy services platform and their VISCO and VESCO businesses create that type of opportunity?
Scott Prochazka: So Greg, I think to your point, it's a mix of revenue opportunities as well as efficiencies from combining two businesses. So it's both of those pieces, but the piece you're asking about specifically is the opportunities associated with these unregulated businesses. They have a -- Vectren has an infrastructure business that works with utilities from around the country. They're in over 30 states. We have a gas business that also interfaces with similar types of LDCs as well as other companies across similar number of states, but not exactly the same states. The ability to bring in services to the utility that's both infrastructure and gas sales oriented is presented by the combination of these businesses. Further when infrastructure, the infrastructure business goes into do work for replacement of pipelines, sometimes, there is need for continuation of service to customers. We have a group within our Energy Services space that continued -- that can continue to provide gas service while that repair or replacement work has being done, so we could combine opportunities in that regard as well. Those are just a couple of examples.
Greg Gordon: It dawned upon me just looking at the algebra that you're targeting 5% to 7% long-term earnings growth, but the math here if you were to hit the high end of the synergies would obviously be significantly above 7%. So, is that am I missing something there because it's fairly obvious? And then second, what are the underlying assumptions you're using with regard to enable earnings contribution when you think about that guidance?
Scott Prochazka: Well, as you know Enable only gives guidance for the year. So, we've incorporated a range of possible outcomes for Enable beyond the current year, as we think about this growth rate. You are correct though that if we were to hit the high end and you did the math, the growth rate would actually be higher than the 5% to 7%. What we were trying to illustrate is that, with respect to our current guidance of 5% to 7% per year growth for the next 2 years, this merger creates the opportunity for us to be accretive to that.
Operator: Your next question is from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Algha: As you're looking at financing for the Vectren transaction, can you give us some sense on how you're thinking about the equity portion of that, Bill, and the timing we should be looking at in terms of any milepost in your mind?
Bill Rogers: Ali, all I can say on the timing is, in advance of closing the acquisition and respect to the forms of equity, as I said in my prepared remarks and as is disclosed on the slide, common equity and consideration of other high equity content security such as mandatory convertibles.
Ali Agha: And then on the CES business, as you mentioned, you benefited from some spikes in weather, which caused a very strong result this year, its called you to raise your guidance. Whats the visibility or conference level that off that higher basis and continue to grow? Or do you think, I mean just given the nature of that business. Does that include or create a level of volatility even though its a one piece, but a level of volatility to your earnings thats different from your base core utility business?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, the way we look at it is we look at it is opportunity presented by some variability so we think is more normal and natural in the market. So to that end, as we think about the projection weve provided for this year. We look at the business as being able to outperform that next year.
Operator: Your next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Josephine Moore: It's Josephine on the line for Julien. I just wanted to follow-up on. You mentioned more equity issuance in 2019 and 2020 to fund the growth. Would that be for incremental CapEx opportunities from the combined unit? Or would that be CapEx already in the plan?
Bill Rogers: Josephine, good morning, its Bill. We discuss in our call in February that due to our increase in rate base investment, we should think about more equity in our capital structure and our view would be that could be provided by sales of Enable units in 2019 and 2020. For the purposes of the model that you have in front of you and this presentation we just assume thats common equity.
Josephine Moore: And then in regards to Energy Services, strong results this quarter. I was just wondering, its part of the restructuring in the capital structure, where will energy service is sit? Is that going to be part of CERC? Or is that going to move separately?
Bill Rogers: I think that is to be determined.
Operator: Your next question is from Jonathan Arnold from Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: I think you guys hit most of my questions just to the energy services, but I kind of like to probe a little more on the level youre now talking about for 2018 is sustainable going forward. In the prepared remarks, it sounded like you were talking about seeing result of volatility in the market. And how do you say thats what you now see as more normal. And its a very significant uptick and a business that is being going along in certain level. I just want to understand a little further. Go ahead.
Scott Prochazka: This is Scott. Let me try to clarify that a little bit. A component of why the business did better was related to somewhat we think is some more normal volatility. The majority of the improved performance was what I would consider base business that has to do with the addition of customers and improvements in margin. And that is the result of effectively integrating the two acquisitions we've made the most recent one having been, AEM. So, that's what the primary driver of the improvement which we think is sustainable going forward. There was an element in here though that was caused by some weather related volatility that we were able to take advantage of.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, so mostly sustainable effectively.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Jonathan Arnold: And then in terms of how you're thinking about the guidance the 5% to 7%. Is that now sort of formally off the high-end of 2018? Or is it still off of some other number?
Scott Prochazka: You can think of that. You can think of that is off the high end.
Bill Rogers: Jonathan, in the slide that we used to develop the 2020 EPS, it was off the high end.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes, I see that. Okay, great. And I think that's all I got. Thank you very much.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Insoo Kim from RBC Capital Markets.
Insoo Kim: Going back to the 2020 potential accretion and the earnings potential. Obviously, the earnings benefit from the commercial opportunities and cost savings is pretty meaningful, at least from our view. And I think you've reiterated the fact that beyond 2020, you expect this still to be even more accretive. Does that mean that this $50 million to $100 million pretax number could be higher in 2021 and 2022?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, I think it's possible that there will be. In fact we would expect to see a more benefit in the out years. We were just providing a picture of what it would look like we were to accomplish two levels either 50 total benefit or $100 million in total pretax benefit.
Insoo Kim: And then maybe a question on Enable. Obviously, given Enable has been performing well as of late. And they expect to reduce exposure of your portfolio after the BVC acquisition. Does this make you rethink in anyway your strategy of divesting it in general?
Scott Prochazka: No, our views about Enable are consistent with how we've been showing them in the past. We think that Enable is well positioned. They're performing well in their space. You saw their call and their operations. We just said that if we see constructive markets and an opportunity to redeploy some proceeds from a sale into a constructive market that we would consider doing so. But we still very positive on Enable's performance, our view to reduce exposure is simply about reducing exposure to the midstream space.
Insoo Kim: Okay. So, there is no real defined timeline of when you're going to be out of the Enable stake.
Scott Prochazka: That's correct.
Operator: Your next question is from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe.
Steve Fleishman: Wanted to follow up on that same question. So Scott, you've said in your remarks that Enable is --- do you think Enable is undervalued based on the latest number they've provided? And I guess arguably one of the main reasons the stock hasn't done as well is because everyone knows CenterPoint may sell overtime. So I guess question here is, how do you kind of stock that feedback loop? And easier communication little bit different from the standpoint that, you're not necessarily -- it does require constructive markets to sell Enable, youre not just going to do it because its strategically, you want to shrink the exposure.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Steve, youre absolutely right. Its about finding the right opportunity in which to reduce our exposure. Its not about a need to have to sell our position down. My comments about being undervalued, I think our, certainly with respect to Enable, if you look at their performance. So I think, unfortunately, I think the whole sector is suffering similar pressure as Enable at the moment, thats just a lack of the constructive market and the ability to track investors at the moment. So in my comments are about both Enable and the industry and I just want to reiterate that as we look for opportunities to reduce our ownership, we need to be very thoughtful about and do so on a coordinated fashion with Enable. So we dont have a negative impact on Enable.
Steve Fleishman: And I guess one could argue where having that trend would further diversify our mix without having, youre having do selling the Enable for a while to. But
Scott Prochazka: It does have ancillary benefit. I think we show that on one of the slides. And I even think referenced it in one of my comments.
Steve Fleishman: My other question is on the synergies. Can you use a rough sense of the mix on the synergies between commercial revenue type synergies very cost synergies?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, were not far enough along to be able to do that. What we attempted to do here was put in some numbers that are very reasonable and very achievable. The exact mix between all of that is yet really to be determined.
Bill Rogers: Steve, just, Ill just add one additional comment. Remember, the corporate cost savings or corporate G&A that we might have that gets spread across all of our unregulated and regulated businesses. So well be keeping a good percentage of those savings.
Steve Fleishman: So these synergies that you're showing there, that will include, that will only include the synergies you would expect to keep.
Bill Rogers: Correct.
Operator: Your next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: I think my question just got answered, but let me make sure. On Steve was referring to Slide 19, 50 million to 100 million potential commercial opportunities by its cost savings, that's strictly unregulated in a holding company. Anything thats associated with the regulated utilities is up in the second line and is incorporated into the 6% to 8% growth. Is that correct?
Scott Prochazka: Its partially correct, Charles. And that the, if its associated with the regulated businesses, thats going to be for the benefit of those customers. But it is not captured in the first 2 lines, which forecast CenterPoint and Vectrens net income.
Charles Fishman: But the 50 million to 100 million, thats cost savings and unregulated, cost savings at any because youve got 2 holding companies that you can spread out over more operations. And obviously, I think it was referred to earlier, the secret sauce of expanding the commercial opportunities. Its certainly real and to be determined, but thats all thats included in that 50 million to 100 million. There is nothing, youre not anticipating any cost savings eventually flow the regulated utility customers.
Scott Prochazka: So those would go to the customers.
Operator: The next question is from Larry Lu from JP Morgan.
Larry Lu: Could you just give us a little more clarity around your internal spend? How much that you expect to raise at the new entity? And how would you go about kind of paying down that debt at CERC to get the 48% net ratio?
Bill Rogers: Right, so the -- I'll begin with the first part of the question. Internally, we have allocated 3 to 4 times EBITDA as the debt to that entity. And the EBITDA is simply the distributions to CenterPoint which were $297 million in 2017. So, we will be working with the lending company as to what's the right amount of debt to those distributions can support. You're also correct and that we will be paying down some debt at CERC to get to the 52% 48% equity debt element, and that we have at this point in time a higher dollar amount of fixed rate debt relative to the rate base. So, we'll be looking look at various ways to do that and liability management structures.
Larry Lu: And just one more I have follow up. Does the tax basis change for Enable because of the spin?
Bill Rogers: It does not.
Operator: Your last question comes from Lasan Johong from Auvila.
Lasan Johong: Just kind a curious on Enable, you can't sell Enable to the market because you can't get the right price. And according to what Steve said and you agreed to, it kind of a negative feedback loop. Everybody is afraid that CenerPoint's gong to sell. You don't need it to finance Vectren. And you may or may not need it to finance internal utility projects. So why not spin it to CenterPoint owned shareholders? And let each shareholder decide what they want to do with Enable. That gets me you to the negative feedback loop. It provides value to each individual shareholder that they can realize earnings where they want. Why even talk about separating Enable into separate unit. And do you want this other starts spin it out to your shareholders?
Bill Rogers: Lasan, good morning, it's Bill. We did review an external spend as part of our strategic work on our Enable investment and we close that out in the middle of last year. The statements we made at that time remained true today. If that respond as a separate public entity, we did not want to put so much debt on that entity as it would be -- and its ability to service that debt or its ability to look forward for other opportunities. And with the limited amount of debt that we could put on that SpinCo, we would have too much remaining debt at CenterPoint. So, we terminated our discussions and our thinking on that for that reason, and that it remains true today.
Lasan Johong: Again I apologize, I wasnt talking about an external spin, but a spin to your own shareholders, give anything out shares to your shareholders?
Bill Rogers: And thats what I mean by an external spin.
Operator: I would now turn the call back over to Mr. David Mordy for any closing remarks.
David Mordy: Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We look forward seeing many of you at the upcoming AGA Conference, and that concludes our first quarter 2018 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President & CEO Bill Rogers - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Michael Weinstein - Credit Suisse  Ali Agha - SunTrust Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Management Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Ryan Levine - Citigroup Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the Company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Jennifer. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and year end 2017 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO; will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2017 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning, are several members of management who will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides. They have been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-K. Please note, we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2018. The guidance range considers Utility Operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, throughout, commodity prices, effective tax rate, financing activities and regulatory and judicial proceedings to include regulatory action as a result of recent tax reform legislation. In providing this guidance, the Company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZEN securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the Company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. During today's call and in the accompanying slides, we will refer to Public Law Number 115-97, initially introduced as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act as TCJA or simply tax reform. Before Scott begins, I want to mention that we expect to increase our -- we expect to release our 2017 corporate responsibility report in March; our report will follow the Global Reporting Initiative format. We look forward to sharing additional insight on CenterPoint with investors. Finally, this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will begin on Slide 4. 2017 was a strong year for CenterPoint. This morning we reported 2017 diluted earnings per share of $4.13. On a guidance basis, excluding the benefits of tax reform we finished the year at $1.37 per share versus 2016 earnings of $1.16 per share, an increase of more than 18%. The $1.37 for 2017 is $0.04 above the top end of the $1.25 to $1.33 guidance range we set in January of last year. Our strong performance in 2017 can be primarily attributed to growth in our core businesses, in addition to the performance of midstream investments.  Turning to Slide 5; we added more than 70,000 combined utility customers in 2017. Additionally, rate relief added approximately $90 million for the combined utilities. 2017 also saw numerous operational achievements including the installation of all structures for the Brazos Valley Connection and finishing the replacement of all cast iron pipe in Texas and Minnesota. Hurricane Harvey tested our system and demonstrated the value of past investments in technology and grid hardening. We also completed an acquisition in our CES business which was accretive in its first year. In short, we saw several opportunities and handled numerous challenges in 2017 and I'm proud of what our nearly 8,000 employees accomplished. On Slide 6, you can see Houston Electric had a solid 2017. Core operating income was $535 million in 2017 compared to $537 million in 2016. Excluding equity return operating income increased 4.2%, primarily due to rate relief and continued customer growth. Houston Electric added nearly 41,000 metered customers last year and we were able to use both of our investment cost recovery mechanisms to effect timely rate relief. These increases were partially offset by increases in depreciation and operations and maintenance expenses, as well as lower usage and miscellaneous revenues as compared with 2016. Turning to Slide 7; in response to ongoing customer and load growth and lessons learned from hurricanes this past year, Houston Electric will continue to invest significant capital to ensure our system has sufficient capacity and is safe, resilient and reliable. Our most recent 5-year plan includes $4.8 billion of capital investment at Houston Electric. This plan is now inclusive of the approximately $250 million Bailey to Jones Creek project that will serve the growing needs of the petrochemical industry in the Freeport, Texas area. This project was endorsed by the Electric Reliability Council of Texas or ERCOT in December of 2017. We expect to file an application for approval with the PUCT later this year and anticipated a decision in 2019; we would begin construction shortly after approval. I'm very pleased with Houston Electric strong operational and financial results in 2017 and we expect continued growth in the coming years. Moving to Slide 8; natural gas distribution delivered strong results in 2017. Operating income was $328 million in 2017 compared to $303 million in 2016, an of 8.2%. The business benefited from rate relief, customer growth and higher transportation revenues. During the second quarter, we also had a $16 million benefit due to the recording of a regulatory asset and a corresponding reduction in expense to recover prior post retirement expenses in future rates. These benefits were partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization, and operations and maintenance expenses, in part due to acceleration of selected reliability projects. Natural gas distribution added more than 30,000 metered customers last year with Texas and Minnesota leading the growth. Turning to Slide 9; we invested $523 million of capital in our natural gas distribution business in 2017. Our new $3.2 billion 5-year capital plan reflects steady growth and focuses on safety, growth, reliability and infrastructure replacement. This was an impressive year for natural gas distribution, especially considering we started the year with an extremely warm first quarter throughout our service territories. Turning to Slide 10; our capital plan is expected to translate to an annualized consolidated average rate base growth of approximately 8.3% through 2022. The majority of this growth is driven by strong capital investment. Tax reform also contributes to the growth; changes in tax depreciation at the lower federal rate are expected to increase forecasted year end 2019 average rate base by approximately $300 million. This increase in rate base will be included in our normal recovery mechanisms beginning as early as 2018. Moving to Slide 11; in 2017, the Texas legislature passed a law that provides permanence for the distribution investment recovery mechanism removed the four time limit on its use between rate cases and calls for the PUCT to create a rate case schedule for all Texas electric utilities. Given that our last rate case occurred in 2010, we recently agreed to file a base rate case no later than April 13 of 2019. Our most recent Earnings Monitoring Report or EMR for the year 2016 indicated a 9.6% ROE which is below our allowed our ROE of 10%. Additionally, rather than waiting until our next rate case to incorporate tax reform, we will utilize the existing electric rate mechanisms, TCOS and DCRF to accelerate returning certain tax reform benefits to our customers; this will not impact expected earnings. With our natural gas distribution business, tax reform related benefits for our customers will be incorporated through rate cases, annual mechanisms or other regulatory proceedings and will differ from state to state. Turning to Slide 12; Energy Services delivered solid results in 2017. Operating income was $46 million 2017 compared to $41 million in 2016, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $79 million and a loss of $21 million respectively. This improved performance was achieved despite incurring $5 million of expenses, specifically related to acquisition and integration cost during the year. We expect to capture synergies and reduce G&A overtime as we realize economies of scale. We anticipate energy services will contribute $55 million to $65 million in operating income in 2018. Slide 13 shows some of Enable's highlights for 2017. Enable performed very well in 2017 exceeding their net income guidance range. Operationally, they had record results achieving their highest full year performance on gathered volumes, processed volumes, NGLs produced, and volumes transported since their formation. Enable remains on-schedule for key project integrations and completions throughout the year. As of February 5, Enable had 49 active rigs, drilling wells connected to their gathering system. We continue to believe Enable is well positioned for success; they have an attractive footprint, strong balance sheet, and are focused on pursuing accretive growth and maintaining a solid distribution coverage ratio which was 1.2x in 2017. Slide 14 illustrates the spirit of our industry, our Company, and our employees. When energy delivery systems are devastated, we respond. Many came to our aid following Hurricane Harvey, we were pleased to help Puerto Rico with their hurricane restoration effort. I will wrap it up with Slide 15. Today we are announcing our 2018 guidance range of $1.50 to $1.60 per share. We're also targeting guidance EPS growth of 5% to 7% in 2019 and in 2020 off the previous year's EPS on a guidance basis. In 2017, each of our business units had solid operating income growth excluding equity return for Houston Electric. Our projected 5-year rate base CAGR of 8.3% is strong as we invest to meet the needs of our growing service territories. Bill will now provide more detail on CenterPoint's financial performance, impacts of tax reform, balance sheet strength, and capital formation. Bill?
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. Let me begin with a reconciliation of our GAAP and guidance basis earnings for the fourth quarter of 2017 shown on Slide 17. This morning we reported fourth quarter earnings of $2.99 per diluted share, $2.89 on a guidance basis, and $0.33 on a guidance basis without the benefit of tax reform. This compares with reported earnings of $0.23 per diluted share and guidance basis earnings of $0.26 per share for fourth quarter of 2016. In the fourth quarter of 2017, we subtract $0.09 of mark-to-market adjustments for our Energy Services business, and $0.01 as ZENS related adjustments in order to arrive at a guidance basis earnings of $2.89. We then subtract the $2.56 per share benefit associated with tax reform to arrive at $0.33. This represents a 27% improvement on a guidance basis adjusted for tax reform on a quarter-to-quarter basis. For the full year 2017, we reported $4.13 and earnings per diluted share. $3.93 on a guidance basis, and $1.37 on a guided basis without the benefit of tax reform; this compares with a reported earnings of $1 per diluted share and guidance basis earnings of $1.16 for full year 2016. For 2017, we subtract $0.12 of mark-to-market related adjustments from our Energy Services business, and $0.08 of ZENS related adjustments in order to arrive at a guidance basis earnings of $3.93. We then subtract the $2.56 benefit associated with tax reform to arrive at $1.37. This represents an 18% improvement on a guidance basis adjusted for tax reform on a year-to-year basis. Turning to Slide 18; I will review our year-over-year utility operation EPS walk on a guidance basis excluding tax reform. We began with $0.80 in 2016, operating income improvements excluding amounts associated with the equity return equate to a net $0.07 per share improvement. We had further $0.03 per share improvement from interest expense reduction despite approximately $650 million in additional borrowing at year end '17 relative to year end '16. Interest expense benefit was primarily due to the refinancing and balance sheet management of our company. Equity return reduced earnings by $0.03 per share and other income improved earnings by $0.04 per share. Other income include $17 million in lower charges for bond redemptions relative to 2016 and a $14 million in additional income from a full year of dividends on the Enable preferred securities. This brings us to $0.99 for utility operations in 2017 over a 12% improvement versus 2016. Now turning our attention to Slide 19; we showed the combined $0.11 per share utility improvement and $0.10 per share year-on-year improvement from our midstream investments bridging the $1.16 of 2016 guidance basis EPS and the $1.37 of 2017 guidance basis EPS without tax reform. As depicted on this slide, midstream investments included $0.04 of improvement from mark-to-market accounting on commodity derivatives. Slide 20 highlights the impact of tax reform on CenterPoint. We anticipate a shift upward in earnings of approximately $0.10 in 2018, primarily as a result of a lower effective tax rate for our income from unregulated businesses. We anticipate the effective tax rate will decrease from approximately 36% in 2017 to approximately 21% in 2018 as a result of tax reform. This effective tax rate of 21% is inclusive of state taxes and the projected amortization of excess deferred income taxes through the income tax expense line. There are four impacts on our cash flow as a result of tax reform. First, the change in tax depreciation expense at the lower tax rate reduces tax shield, thereby reducing expected near-term cash flows. Second, the timing of the return of the excess deferred tax regulatory liability may reduce expected near-term cash flows; this will ultimately depend upon the amortization schedules established in each jurisdiction. The third impact relates to our income that is not under utility rate regulation; that income will now enjoy the benefit of a lower cash tax rate. The final impact is also expected to be positive to our cash flow; Enable has the option to elect -- to fully expense its capital investments for tax purposes. Should Enable make this selection, this will create greater tax shield at the CenterPoint consolidated income tax return level. In aggregate, we anticipate a reduction in expected near-term cash flows as a result of tax reform. However, we do not foresee this impacting the strength of our balance sheet or our ability to maintain our credit metrics at/or above our target ranges. Slide 21 provides more detail on our balance sheet and the credit metric impacts of tax reform. My first comments relate to the deferred tax liability adjustments at year end. This tax benefit recorded at year end associated with the tax reform improved our year end consolidated equity to capital ratio from 35% to 40%. Additionally, as the capital base at Houston Electric and CERC improved, we were able to reduce the percentage of our holding company debt to total debt from 21% at year-end 2016 to 14% at year-end '17. Regarding our credit metrics, for the full year 2017 adjusted FFO to debt was approximately 24%. As noted earlier, our debt increased by $650 million in 2017. Over $300 million of this increase was temporary in nature and that it was associated with working capital financing as we experienced higher gas prices and much colder weather right at year end. We anticipate adjusted FFO to debt will be reduced by approximately 300 basis points in 2018, principally as a result of the cash flow impacts from tax reform as discussed earlier. Finally, tax reform is a win for CenterPoint utility customers as a result of the $1.3 billion regulatory liability and the lower 21% federal tax rate for 2018 and beyond. As discussed earlier, these benefits will be returned to customers through various mechanisms or rate proceedings for each jurisdiction. On Slide 22, we note our planned $1.7 billion investment for 2018 and our current ratings with Moody's, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch. Our financing plan for 2018 does not contemplate the issuance of common equity, nor does it suggest a need to sell some of Enable units as a source of capital. As we've shared in the past, our goal over a multi-year period remains to reduce our exposure to commodity prices through the sale of Enable common units in public equity markets or otherwise. The timing and the size of any sale will be subject to equity market conditions. With any action we take, Enable's public float will likely impact sizing. As a reminder, approximately 80% of the common units are currently held by the general partners. Net proceeds from any sale will support our balance sheet and the recently announced increase investment in our utilities. In December we announced $0.2775 per share quarterly dividends. This represents a 4% increase over the previous quarterly dividend, consistent with our 4% increases in 2015, 2016 and 2017. This marks the 13th consecutive year we have increased our dividend. Further, we have had a significant reduction in our dividend payout ratio. Assuming the midpoint of our 28 guidance basis EPS range and annualizing the recently declared dividend over four quarters, our dividend payout ratio will have been reduced from 90% in 2015 to 72% in 2018. Let me wrap up by reiterating five key messages; first, as a result of higher capital investment and the changes in tax depreciation rates for utility investments we now have a combined expected average rate base growth above 8% through 2022. Second, our credit metrics are strong with adjusted FFO to debt projected to remain above 20%, which means we are not anticipating a secondary offering of equity in 2018. Third, 2017 guidance basis EPS without the tax reform benefit surpassed our EPS guidance range for 2017 and produced an 18% increase over 2016. Fourth, we've provided 2018 guidance with a midpoint 13% above our 2017 guidance basis EPS excluding tax reform benefit. And fifth, we are targeting guidance basis EPS growth of 5% to 7% off our prior year EPS in each of 2019 and 2020. I will now turn the call back over to Dave.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Jennifer?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
Michael Weinstein: I understand no equity for 2018, maybe you could comment on how financing will shape up in terms of equity and debt going forward through 2022?
Bill Rogers: With respect to 2019 and beyond, I think it's -- let's begin with -- we have a commitment to our capital investment on our utilities, we have a commitment to our credit quality, and we've spoken about our dividend; therefore, I think it will matter what the forward-looking credit metrics are at that time and how much debt we can reasonably take on and whether we should consider sales of Enable units as a source of financing and/or sales of common equity. In any event if we were to consider the sale of common equity, it would be modest.
Michael Weinstein: Just a follow-up question on Enable; now that you'll be holding onto it a little bit longer than I think the original plan would have been if you had been able to sell it through a direct sale. I'm just wondering if this changes your view on M&A. In other words, is there a view that the company needs to acquire more regulated utilities or more regulated exposure considering that you will be holding on to Enable probably longer than you initially planned?
Scott Prochazka: I don't believe the status of where we are with Enable impacts our views with respect to M&A. Our comments in the past have been that we have -- we've got a very large capital budget, as you've seen $8.3 billion over the next five years that we can invest organically, and can grow our core utility business through that investment with known returns. To the extent we were to look at anything outside of that we have to weigh the returns available against what we can get internally. So, perhaps opportunistic but our core attention remains on our -- on the investments in our core business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julian [ph] with Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: So perhaps just to follow a little bit up on the commentary, on the balance sheet impact and the cadence of the Enable share monetization; how are you think about that through the forecast period? I mean, obviously you've commented that I believe I understood that no sale for this year, but how are you thinking about the future years against the backdrop of where you want your balance sheet to be from a FFO to that perspective?
Bill Rogers: Just to clarify our prepared remarks, we said that we do not require the sale of Enable units to support the strength of our balance sheet and credit metrics in 2018. With respect to the cadence of any sales, I think there are two points for consideration; one is capital markets considerations in the sector and Enable, so we want to be doing that constructively in the marketplace. We also want to be respectful of any capital formation needs that Enable might have. And then the second consideration is our use of proceeds and strengthen our balance sheet to redeploy that into our utilities businesses.
Unidentified Analyst: Maybe to help provide a little bit more certainty around this; what is the FFO to debt that you're thinking about through the forecast period? Obviously, you're talking about a 300 basis point impact on '18 metrics; would you expect us to support that kind of a roughly consistent level, net of the drop here?
Bill Rogers: Should be at that level, if not higher.
Unidentified Analyst: But still from a modeling perspective, it would be probably a good assumption for us to backfill monetization of units to kind of keep you there?
Bill Rogers: That would be one way to approach it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Bill, when you look at your CapEx plan which you've laid out to us through 2022, and the rate base growth assumption that goes with that; does that provide you also visibility or confidence that this 5% to 7% growth rate to 2020 could actually continue through 2022 which is kind of the timeframe for your CapEx plan?
Bill Rogers: Ali, I think one way to think about this is we've provided growth guidance in earnings for shorter period then we've provided CapEx for; and that's because of visibility around Enable, primarily. But as you can tell from our spending that the impacts associated with earnings are coming from the utilities would conceptually continue given the CapEx that we're spending throughout the entire plan period.
Ali Agha: And on Enable, I understand you talked about the balance sheet issues to keep an eye on, the capital markets etcetera; but just strategically coming back to your original premise that you don't want that commodity exposure as part of your business mix or earnings profile. So from a strategic perspective, when would you like to have that exposure eliminated from the overall CenterPoint portfolio?
Bill Rogers: We haven't specified a timeline, what we have done as you know is, go through the process of considering options that were more rapid exit from this investment; and as you know, none of those worked for us. So having completed that we are now in the mode of focusing on selling units in a constructive fashion over a longer period of time to reduce our exposure to the commodity space. And as we've outlined, we don't have any specificity on what that looks like other than to say; over a period of time, we intend to reduce our exposure and ownership here.
Ali Agha: And lastly just to clarify; I believe it was in the slides but the '19 and '20 growth rate numbers that you've laid out for us, that does not assume any sale of any units of Enable, that just assumes your current ownership continues in those two years as well?
Bill Rogers: I'd say that the fairest way to say that is, we are committed to targeting that growth rate over this period of time and we've considered a number of options for financing on how we could get there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with RBC Capital Management.
Insoo Kim: In terms of a sell down of Enable units, would there be a possibility for you to pursue potential private placements instead of at the market type of transactions that will enable you to tellegrade [ph] a portion of the unit at a faster pace?
Bill Rogers: You're correct and that remains an option. Our only constraint there is in our partnership agreement, we can -- are limited to selling no more than 5% of our current holdings to one buyer.
Insoo Kim: My second question is, I might have missed it but is the proposed $250 million Freeport project included in the 5-year forecast that you laid out or is it not?
Bill Rogers: Yes, it is now included in the new $8.3 billion total.
Operator: Our next question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Bill, I'm having a little bit of trouble [indiscernible]; 8.3% CAGR growth in rate base but only 5% to 7% growth in next '19 and '20. So does that mean you're expecting a higher growth rate past '20 or is there something else? And then, I am seeming that Enable stays off the discontinued operations; are you expanding for example, fee as a drag down earnings going forward?
Bill Rogers: I think you're right, directionally, and that rate base growth should translate into EPS growth with adjustments for regulatory lag and any common equity that utility company might contemplate. We have a visibility into what our midstream segment will produce in the next three years, there are midstream segment as publicly said, only what 2018 looks like. So suffice it to say until we get better visibility over the longer term period, we're not able to stretch out that growth rate beyond 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: So when you're say that -- what I think you're saying actually I should say and that while you expect a certain outcome you're not going to commit to it until there is more visibility from the midstream sector. Am I right?
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Then we should be conservative.
Scott Prochazka: We think we're providing a reasonable view of growth through the 3-year window that we are providing, given the visibility that we have to the various business components.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: Bill, I just want to confirm -- I appreciate your comments on the dividend payout ratio overall, but your dividend policy has not changed; in other words, 60% to 70% payout at the utility and I think it was 90% flow from Enable; is that correct?
Bill Rogers: The way we express this is, first thing, the Board takes a look at our dividend every quarter, our capital needs, the strength of our financials, and so forth; and then decides whether the clear dividend. With respect to the trajectory of the dividend we are intending to grow the dividend, we have deliberately shared that it grew 4% in each of '15, '16, '17 and '18; we recognize that it is a lower growth rate than our earnings per share growth rate but that allows us the ability to retain earnings and reinvest that capital in our utility business.
Charles Fishman: But at the end of the day, I mean, because of Enable you still -- and I realize Enable is only going out this year on their guidance but it does put you in a position to be at the upper end of that 60% to 70% and the Board would still feel comfortable potentially, correct?
Bill Rogers: I won't speak for the Board but I think we're certainly comfortable with the dividend payout ratio we have today.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Levine with Citi.
Ryan Levine: What's driving the large increase in your load growth electric CapEx for '18 through 2021?
Scott Prochazka: So to make sure I understand the question, what's driving the investment need over this period?
Ryan Levine: Yes, 7 of your presentation increased from 3.02 to 4.19 and beyond.
Scott Prochazka: You're talking about the growth in CapEx during the middle part of the plan?
Ryan Levine: Yes.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. That is being impacted heavily by the single project I referred to as the Bailey to Jones Creek project; it is incorporated that $250 million is a discrete project that's incorporated centrally right in the middle of that plan with the majority of the spend occurring in 2020.
Ryan Levine: But there is a big increase between '18 and '17; so is any of that in '18 number?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, part of that is '18 but we've also -- as we rework our plans for growth and investment needed for growth, we've just updated the amount of spend that we associate with or related to load growth and that's what's being categorized here as a recognition that the spend would go up from the $300 million range to $400 million for load related investments as a result of the planning exercise we do each year.
Ryan Levine: And then how does tax reform impact basis that you have in Enable?
Scott Prochazka: I think you're aware we have a negative basis in Enable. Our tax reform does not impact our basis. Tax reform does impact the capital gains rate that we pay if we were to sell any of our investment in Enable.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: If I missed this -- the 5% to 7% EPS growth target in '19 and '20; could you tell us what are you assuming for Enable in that growth? Is it flat? Is it high growth or it is growing or is it actually deteriorating?
Scott Prochazka: We have not specified what our assumption is there, we take into consideration a range of options and incorporating that with the capabilities and the options for the rest of the portfolio, we're comfortable that 5% to 7% growth off of prior year is a very doable target.
Unidentified Analyst: The $8 billion roughly CapEx -- the total CapEx through 2022; high level what percentage of that CapEx is actually covered through like existing mechanisms, so you don't actually have to go in for like a major rate case filings?
Scott Prochazka: So I'll give you the answer in pieces. So on the electric business, it's approximately 95% that can be achieved through -- recovery achieved through mechanisms. On the gas side, it's virtually all of it with the exception of Minnesota which does not have these mechanisms but has a forward-looking test year and also utilizes interim rates; so those two features in Minnesota mitigate regulatory lag.
Unidentified Analyst: The actual cash tax rate Bill, how does that look like through the forecast period versus the effective tax rate; so what actual cash backs that you'll be paying?
Bill Rogers: Our cash tax rate should approximate or be below our provision rate of 21%.
Operator: Our next question is from Christopher [ph] with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Most of my questions have been answered. I just wanted to get a sense, if you guys could classify your revision of your deferred tax liability; you already gave us I think the 1.2 for the utility piece but what's the total amount that was classified and what are the ramifications on your subsidiary catalyst structures?
Scott Prochazka: The total amount of access deferred income taxes was $2.4 billion. $1.1 billion of that was associated with income from non-utility regulated investments; and so that went through the income statement and strengthened the balance sheet in 2017. $1.3 billion of that $2.4 billion was recorded as a regulatory liability which will be amortized over different lyse [ph] depending upon the assets associated with those liabilities and depending upon the jurisdiction. And your second question was on the balance sheet?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, the ramifications for that at the subsidiary level balance sheets.
Scott Prochazka: Got it. so the $1.1 billion recognition that went through the income statement stripped for strength in the consolidated balance sheet from 35% to 40% equity at the cap after adjusting out securitization bonds. And some of that benefit flowed through the balance sheet for Houston Electric and for CERC where those balance sheets are close to 45% at year end and at 50% at year-end 2017. Now to get those balance sheets at that level because they had more equity content as a result of tax reform, there were dividends from both of those entities to CenterPoint and the holding company.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: I want to come back to regulatory lag and I ask this seeing in the K that O&M at the Houston Electric was actually up a good bit year-over-year. On a net income basis, let's not worry about the financing and share count but on a net income basis, how much regulatory lag do you think you have electric versus the gas LBC business? I mean, do you think you can unauthorized -- do you think there is just some natural lag on O&M that you can't recover so you earned something below; if so, how material -- how do you think about that or what do you assume kind of in your multi-year outlook?
Bill Rogers: Let's begin by assuming that O&M growth stays with volume of sales growth on the residential side; so that way we have an offset if you will to that element of regulatory lag. But the real regulatory lag is how quickly our mechanisms allow capital expenditures to go into rate base and earn a return. The T-cost mechanism allows for filings twice a year and is relatively quick when that gets into the revenue requirement and so that regulatory lag can be as short as six months. The DCRF mechanism is filed once a year, that's in April and that's off of books that close at year end. And our experience in the last filings is; that then gets reflected at revenue requirement towards the end of the third quarter. So if you assume that we had an average spend and distribution investments in the prior year you get a regulatory lag of as short as 9 months but it could be upto a year.
Michael Lapides: A tax follow-up, very simple one. Do you assume you're a full cash tax payer at all during the next four or five years; like when I think about the backend of the forecast, are you still not a full cash tax payer out there?
Bill Rogers: We don't expect to be a full cash tax payer.
Michael Lapides: Finally, just a regulatory question; what's the process for the proceeding that's coming up in Texas regarding the commissioner's memo and the rate review for CenterPoint at Houston?
Scott Prochazka: We have agreed recently to file a rate case before April 30, 2019. So sometime before then we will -- we're obligated to make our next full rate case filing.
Michael Lapides: Using a historical test here would kind of six months of known and measurables type of deal?
Scott Prochazka: It's a full historical test year and we've not specified exactly that what that test year would be but it obviously has to be sometime between now and when we have to file.
Operator: Our next question is from Angie [ph] with Macquarie.
Unidentified Analyst: So given the tax flow changes and the lower tax spend sale of your stake in April would entail; would you potentially reconsider strategic options for that business? I mean, I understand that the tax leakage was a big adverse effect of potential sales downs of the assets in the previous review but now with the tax law changed, does it change your perspective?
Scott Prochazka: No, we are not -- it does not change our perspective on it. You are right, it gets better but it's still very challenging to do and accomplish our financial objective. So it doesn't change our intent in terms of how we plan to reduce our exposure there.
Unidentified Analyst: And separately on potentially incremental transmission CapEx; we're seeing finally some inflection point in forward power prices and are cut north and probably more so than Houston. Is there -- I mean, have you identified any potential additional transmission projects that could be necessary given the recent wave of requirements?
Scott Prochazka: We have not but our operators continue to study this and depending on how the system is performing and what the needs are with respect to capacity to move power as demanded by the system it could give rise to additional investments, we look at this annually, we adjust our plan annually based on how the system is operating and what the most recent projections are. But as of now we've included everything that we have insight to.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: What is the portion of Enable earnings within 2018 guidance?
Bill Rogers: If you were to take the midpoint of Enable's net income guidance that they've put out last year, and then translate that into CenterPoint EPS, you would get $0.46 per CenterPoint share. And the way to do that is to take the midpoint of their guidance, the effective tax rate, state and federal associated with our Enable investment as 24%; we own 54% of Enable. And then after you've done that, add $0.07 per share for the accretion.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just to clarify; there is no Enable sales contemplated in 2018 but in the three-year CAGR timeframe is there Enable unit sales contemplated in that?
Bill Rogers: What we've said is that our 2018 plans doesn't call for the sale of Enable units in order to support our capital investment. We've also said that this multi-year view that we've given you contemplates a range of scenarios to include a range of financing alternatives.
Operator: Our last question is from [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Bill, CSE [ph] has $900 million credit facility on which $899 million was used through February or at February 9. Is that an indication CSE is doing a lot of business or is there something else and would you be looking to increase the facility going forward?
Bill Rogers: Well, just speaking to the specific credit facility for CES?
Unidentified Analyst: I'm just looking to the 10-K and said that CES had a $900 million credit facility outstanding on which $899 million was used as of February 9.
Bill Rogers: That is the credit facility for CERC; and CERC includes CES as well as all of our natural gas distribution utilities. And those companies along with other companies share a common money pool.
Unidentified Analyst: So what's driving that -- I mean, it's pretty close targeting $1 million cushion less there, I mean that's kind of tight. So what's the [indiscernible]?
Bill Rogers: As shared on our call, we had a run-up in gas prices right at year end; and in our disclosure you'll see that we went from receiving a marginal collateral at year end 2016 to posting margin collateral at year end 2017. So that's just -- that's the price impact. And then we had to purchase gas at higher prices, put it into storage which we then provided to our customers; so that was -- I characterize it as a temporary swing and we're beginning to see that cash flow come in as our customers pay their bills.
Unidentified Analyst: So my conscience says not something that's critical or with new potential?
Bill Rogers: No, sir.
David Mordy: With no additional questions, thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2017 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO Joe McGoldrick - Senior Vice President of Energy Services.
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering Abe Azar - Deutsche Bank Ali Agha - SunTrust Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Charles Fishman - Morningstar Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy, you may begin sir.
David Mordy: Thank you, [Kia] and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO; will discuss our third quarter 2017 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning, are Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Scott Doyle, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Distribution; and Joe McGoldrick, Senior Vice President of Energy Services. Tracy, Scott and Joe will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They have been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics containing projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2017. The guidance range considers Utility Operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share, that does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Id now like to turn this call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today. And thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We mentioned earlier in the year we were thrilled to be hosting the Super Bowl in Houston this year and Minneapolis next year. A little bit we know the Astros would chime in with the World Series win between the two. We are proud of the team and the City and proud to serve Houston. I will begin on slide four. This morning we reported third quarter 2017 net income of $169 million, or$0.39 per diluted share compared net income of $179 million, or $0.41 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. On a guidance basis, third quarter 2017 adjusted earnings were $167 million or $0.38 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings of $177 million or $0.41 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Increases resulted from rate relief and customer growth. These benefits were more than offset by a return to more normal weather, lower equity return, higher depreciation and amortization expense and lower right-of-way revenue. While these offset translated into lower third quarter earnings versus 2016, they are inline with our plan and we are on track to achieve at or near the high end of our guidance range for 2017. Our businesses have performed well so far this year and we anticipate a strong finish in the fourth quarter. Turning to slide five, as you all know on Friday August 25, hurricane Harvey made landfall in Texas. In the Houston region, Harvey brought nearly a years worth of rainfall over a four day period, over 50 inches of rain in some areas. I would like to thank our employees, many of whom experienced flooding in their home and/or lost vehicles to high water but remained focused on the needs of our customers in the days and weeks that followed. Their preparation and dedication were crucial to our ability to respond so quickly to our impacted natural gas and electric customers. CenterPoint natural gas technicians from Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and adjacent Texas offices assisted their fellow colleagues along the Texas coast. I would like to thank more than 1500 electric contractors and mutual assistance crews from seven states who helped in our electric recovery efforts. We are also proud to offer assistance. After restoring power here, some of our CenterPoint electric crews travelled to Florida and for nearly two weeks assisted two utilities in their recovery efforts following hurricane Irma. Grid investments made over the last decade produced significant benefits during and after the storm. Distribution automation including devices such as intelligent grids which has allowed us to quickly isolate problems enabling faster restoration. Small meters efficiently executed remote orders as well as provided outage information to keep customers informed with specific relevant information. Drones helped us access damage, efficiently direct crews to accessible work locations and accelerate restoration. These benefits were realized through years of planning, designing, implementing and ultimately utilizing these grid modernization investments. I would also like to thank the first responders, the cities we serve, community partners and the thousands of volunteers who continue to support the affected communities. Next, I will cover business highlights, starting with Houston Electric on slide six. Electric transmission and distribution core operating income in the third quarter of 2017 was $229 million compared to $234 million in the same quarter last year. We are down slightly due in large part to weather and reduced equity return in this quarter compared to third quarter of last year. We continue to see strong growth in our electric service territory. We added more than 46,000 metered customers since the third quarter of 2016, reflecting 2% customer growth. We believe this level of growth will continue throughout this year and our five year period. I am also pleased to announce that we are ahead of schedule on the construction of the Brazos Valley Connection project which includes a 60 mile transmission line. We expect to complete and energize the project in the first quarter of 2018. Rate relief reflecting $42 million of annual increase from the distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF settlement for investments made during 2016 went into effect in September. Additionally, we recently filed for $39 million in transmission cost of service or TCOS rate recovery. We anticipate Houston Electric will make another DCRF filing reflecting 2017 investments in April of next year as well as an additional TCOS filing after the completion of the Brazos Valley Connection project. For a complete overview of Houston Electrics year-to-date regulatory developments, please see slide 22. Turning now to slide seven, we continue to believe capital requirements to support this business will remain robust. Capital needs for growth, reliability and hardening investment are likely to create an upward shift to our current five year capital plan. Earlier this year, we proposed a free port Texas transmission project totalling $250 million in capital. This project is incremental to our current plant capital expenditures. It is also indicative of continued growth occurring throughout the industrial sector. The Greater Houston partnership is forecasting that Houstons gross metro product will outpace the national GDP over the next 20 years by four percentage point. In addition to industrial growth, residential customer growth is expected to continue at 2%. We are in the process of refining our capital requirements and will provide an updated capital plan in our 2017 Form 10-K. Turning to slide eight, natural gas distribution reported operating income of $19 million compared to $22 million in the same quarter last year. The slight decline was primarily due to timing associated with rate stabilization. We experienced solid customer growth of approximately 1% in this business with the addition of nearly 38,000 customers since the third quarter of 2016. [Technical difficulty] benefit from annual recovery mechanism across most of our service territories. In Minnesota, interim rates went into effect on October 1, following a rate filing made in that jurisdiction in August. In Arkansas, our first formula rate plan or FRP filing was approved and new rates went into effect there on October 2. For a complete listing of regulatory filings in our gas distribution business, please see slides 23 and 24. Similar to our electric business, we anticipate an upward shift in capital investment for gas distribution for our upcoming five year plan. These investments will help keep pace with industry norms and regulatory requirements. Safety and system integrity will continue to drive capital spending. Similar to our electric business an updated gas distribution five year capital plan will be provided in our 2017 Form-10K. Turning to slide nine, energy services operating income was $5 million in the third quarter of 2017compared to $7 million in the same quarter of last year excluding a mark-to-market gain of $2 million and a loss of $2 million respectively. Operating income for the quarter included $2 million of expenses related to the acquisition and integration of Atmos Energy Marketing or AEM. As anticipated, the AEM acquisition has been modestly accretive year-to-date and we see volume growth opportunities in this segment. Turning to Midstream investments, Enable performed well this quarter. Slide 10 shows some of the highlights from their third quarter earnings call on November 1. Midstream investments contributed $0.10 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2017 compared to $0.10 per diluted share in the same period last year. The third quarter marked the partnerships highest quarter for natural gas gathered volume. Crude oil gathered volumes and interest rate transportation average deliveries. Enable continues to see a strong level of activity on their system with 40 rigs drilling wells dedicated to their gathering and processing systems. We continue to believe Enable is well positioned for success. Turning to slide 11, given our performance to date and our views for the balance of the year, we anticipate achieving at or near the high end of our guidance range for 2017. We also continued to expect year-over-year earnings growth for 2018 to be at the upper end of our 4% to 6% range. The status of our midstream investment ownership review is covered on slide 12. We are in late-stage discussions regarding our interest in Enable. We will not comment on the status of those activities nor can we represent that we will reach an agreement. Should our discussions not come to fruition, then we will look for opportunities to constructively sell units in the public market as conditions allow. Proceeds from unit sales will serve as a source of capital for our growing core energy delivery business. Let me conclude by reiterating that we remain focussed on meeting the energy delivery needs of our growing customer base through prudent investment and timely recovery. We are performing well year-to-date and expect a strong finish to the year. I will now turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will start with a review of the financial impact of hurricane Harvey on slide 14. As noted, Harvey was a balance sheet of that, not an income statement event for our company. Our current estimate is that the restoration effort for Houston Electric will cost between $110 million and $120 million. We expect a third of that amount will likely be covered through claims under our property insurance programs. Remaining cost will be recovered either through capital mechanisms or through regulatory assets and our next general rate case proceedings. We are estimating we will have $25 million to $30 million of restoration costs for gas distribution. We anticipate that the majority of those costs will be recovered by claims under our property insurance programs. Next, I will provide a quarter-to-quarter operating income work for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility Operations and then our consolidated business on a guidance basis. I will begin with Houston Electric on slide 15. Rate relief and continued 2% customer growth translated into a $12 million and $9 million favourable variance respectively for the quarter. This revenue growth was more than offset by return to more normal weather, lower equity return and lower right-of-way revenue. Usage declined on a quarter-to-quarter basis resulting in a $12 million negative variance. Equity return was lower by $9 million and miscellaneous revenue, primarily right-of-way was lower by $7 million. Core operating income is shown on the chart to provide a better view of the growth excluding the change in equity return. On that basis, Houston Electrics core operating income increased from $212 million to $216 million, a $4 million improvement on a period-to-period basis despite reductions due to weather. Turning to slide 16, natural gas distribution operating income for the third quarter was $19 million compared to $22 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from $5 million of rate relief and $2 million from customer growth. Usage was down $4 million due primarily to the timing of revenue recognition associated with the use of decoupling normalization adjustments. The net increase in revenues and gas distribution were more than offset by $6 million increases in depreciation, amortization and other taxes. Excluding mark-to-market adjustments, operating income for our energy services business declined from $7 million in the third quarter of 2016 to $5 million for the third quarter of 2017. Higher operating costs were primarily the result of $2 million of expenses related to the acquisition and integration of Atmos Energy Marketing. Our quarter-to-quarter utility operations guidance basis EPS walk begins on slide 17. The decline in EPS and utility operations from $0.31 in 2016 to $0.28 in 2017 is a result of previously discussed lower operating income, a decrease in equity return and a collection of other items which include income taxes and other income. Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on slide 18. Earnings decline from $0.41 in third quarter 2016 to $0.38 in third quarter 2017 as a result of the decrease in EPS contributions from utility operations. We anticipate strong performance for the remainder of 2017 with customer growth, rate relief, energy services and our midstream segment, all contributing to year-on-year growth. Turning to slide 19, we continue to expect $1.5 billion in capital investment in 2017. Our financial strength is evidenced by recent positive rating agency actions. In September Fitch upgraded CEHE senior secured notes to a rating of A+ in addition both Fitch and Standard & Poor's revise her outlook to positive for CNP and CERC. We value a strong balance sheet and were pleased to see the upgrade. As previously discussed we are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2017 or 2018. With respect to our effective income tax rate although the third quarter increase to 37% we continue to anticipate a full year 2017 tax rate of 36%. On slide 20 we summarize year-to-date performance. In short, we have $0.07 of improvement from utility operations and $0.07 of improvement from midstream investments versus this time last year. This strong year to-date performance sets us up well to achieve our full-year 2017 financial objectives. As Scott commented earlier, we anticipate we will be at or near the high-end of our $1.25 to a $1.33 guidance range for 2017. Finally, we recognize that our federal legislators are hard at work at tax reform and yesterday provided the reconciliation bill under the tax cuts and jobs act. Although it's premature to take a view on eventual tax reform if at all we have provided a review of CenterPoints tax position in the appendix materials in the investor slides that accompany this call. I will now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you limit yourself to one question then a follow-up.
Operator: At this time, we will begin talking questions. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is [Indiscernible] taking the question today. I was wondering if  I know that you guys are a cash tax payer, if you could maybe talk a little bit about how youre thinking about absorbing some of the tax appetite. Are there any strategies that you guys are considering?
Scott Prochazka: Bill, you want to take this??
Bill Rogers: Certainly, you are correct. And that we are a cash tax payer at CenterPoint. And like other companies we do look for opportunities to accelerate deductions and differ revenue recognition.
Unidentified Analyst: Are there any strategies that you thought about like beyond, of course, the tax reform maybe like looking at tax equity?
Bill Rogers: I dont think we would comment on this time with respect to strategies that we have and was certainly continue to take a look at proposals at the tax reform in Congress.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Of course -- thank you guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Just a follow-up on that question and then Ive got one follow-up. I understand you have a negative basis on Enable such that if you were to sell it youd have a large tax hit to manage. But from an ongoing basis my understanding is. And please correct me if I'm wrong that your actual effective cash tax right now on an ongoing basis quite low, is it around 5%. And if so, how do you see that trending through the rest of the decade?
Scott Prochazka: Ill ask Bill to take this as well.
Bill Rogers: Greg, youre correct. And that last year, 2016, our cash tax was mid single digits or 5%. This year its approaching closer to 20%.
Greg Gordon: Got you. And can you give us any sense of whether youll be willing to forecast, what would that look like prospectively or no?
Scott Prochazka: I think over the longer course of time it will approach our accrual rate which today is 36%.
Greg Gordon: Great. Thanks. Follow-up question, when it comes to the earnings growth target that you lay out the guidance range, what is the convention you use for the underlying assumption with regard to Enable contribution. Are you still assuming that our purposes of articulating that range that enables of a flat contributor perspectively?
Bill Rogers: Greg, if youre asking about 2017, the answer to that is yes. We just take their contributions or their projections and roll that into our numbers.
Greg Gordon: Right. But when you give a [Indiscernible] to your longer-term earnings guidance aspiration?
Scott Prochazka: So, what weve done is weve given a view as to what we believe 2018 would look like. And we incorporate what Enable has articulated in terms of their views of 2018 relative to 2017, which they provided a couple days ago.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So their public pronouncements?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. They've given some indication of the income for net income range for 2018.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Now, I just want to be clear that it wasn't that internal forecast, that was the public forecast?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We use their forecast for 2018.
Greg Gordon: Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Scott Prochazka: Yep.
Operator: The next question will come from Neel Mitra with Tudor Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Neil.
Neel Mitra: First question was in regards to what you project your earned ROE and  at Houston Electric is going to be this year? Just with the moving parts, with maybe moving some of the O&M to regulatory asset given Hurricane Harvey and whether youd be eligible to file for the DCRF this year?
Scott Prochazka: Neel, we anticipate since as Bill indicated the financial effects of the storm are primarily balance sheet driven. We anticipate that we will be able to file a DCRF or said another way that our year-end return will be below our latter return of [10].
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. And then second question. Now that you have Atmos and you have a lot more throughput through the competitive businesses. How do you see that kind of going forward relative to the qualitative commentary that youve given around your growth rate going forward?
Scott Prochazka: So, we see this as a great complement to our utility business. So, we see this business growing as our core business  our other core businesses are growing. Today it's kind of mid single digits in terms of percent earnings contribution to our overall mix. We see that staying in about the same place. In other words we see this business growing as our utilities are growing.
Neel Mitra: Okay. And how do you view incremental acquisitions going forward? Is it a business that you want to have as a higher portion of your overall mix? Or is it a business you just want to grow organically at this point with the segments that you've acquired or have under your hood?
Scott Prochazka: Were very pleased with the additions that weve made. It certainly created for some nice critical mass for this business. So weve got some work to do to fully absorb and integrate this. But we dont comment on M&A, but we look for opportunities that are value creating to grow each of our businesses.
Neel Mitra: Great. Then if I could ask just one last quick question. Would it fair to say that you dont comment on Enable process unless there is something definitive going forward? Or is there going to be another kind of deadline or milestone we should look for to get up a progress report?
Bill Rogers: Yes. Neel, this has been admittedly a long process, so we think as we come to the end of this we will communicate the outcome irrespective of what it is.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. Thank you.
Bill Rogers: Yep.
Operator: The next question will come from Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Abe.
Abe Azar: If you do reach a transaction on Enable, you continue to believe it will be for another stock that youll sell over time and not cash?
Bill Rogers: Well, I think the best way answer that is for a cash transaction to work it would have to be a price that would allow us to accomplish all of our objectives. So, I think we said on earlier calls the most likely outcome would be something that is not a cash transaction, a cash sale transaction.
Abe Azar: Okay. So no change to that?
Bill Rogers: No.
Abe Azar: And then, if you did not reach a transaction, we notice that slight change in your languate on the slide. Youre going to pursue opportunities to sell Enable in the public markets on the Q2 slides and now a little bit more, I think, which evaluate the sell of units. Is there anything to read into that? Or is that just some?
Scott Prochazka: No. Theres nothing to read into that. Were trying to communicate the same message as we did last quarter.
Abe Azar: Got it. And then, for the Minnesota rate case, do you book revenues as you receive them for the interim rate increase? Or is there a reserve against that?
Scott Prochazka: We do book revenues as we receive them, starting when the interim rates went into effect on October 1st.
Abe Azar: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Scott or Bill, I wanted to just be clear. The 2018 sort of indicative range the high end of the four to six. Does that assume that Enable stays assets like no transaction just looking at the business as is right now?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. That is correct.
Ali Agha: Okay. Just to be clear on that. Just to -- because about a few weeks ago you guys had put some slides out that have basically indicated that based on known and measurable [Indiscernible] already out there. Utility earnings would be up by $0.10 year-over-year. So mathematically that would imply that you would likely could exceed the 4% to 6%. If that still the case assuming that there is no change to Enable?
Bill Rogers: Ali, good morning, it's Bill. I think you're referring to some slides that we put out in September at an investor conference whereas you put it, we had some known and measurable events which included growth in our electric business, rate relief in our electric business has approved and has filed flat for the gas business and then increases in energy services as well as equity return. Then I think you're right to say that that did not include any additional rate relief nor did it incorporate the earnings forecast that Enables put out the Wednesday of this week. All of which to say is, those of the items that give us comfort to saying we will be at the higher end of that 4% to 6% guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay. And also just to clarify. So if there is a transaction for Enable either sale for stock or you start to sell down the units on your own. In the very sort of near term as that happens, how should we think about the earnings impact from because the earnings would go away from Enable, but the proceeds coming in would take a while to be reinvested? So, from a timing perspective at should we assume that if there is a transaction there is some at least short term downward impact to the earnings power?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, Ill start with this. Bill may want to add little color to it. I think the way I would think about this is -- our objective as we said early on was to if we did anything it would be in the context of keeping our investors whole or achieving our financial objectives. So, our objective would be through whatever we do we would still continue to target our growth objectives as we laid them out for you.
Ali Agha: And also the dividend as well.
Scott Prochazka: That is the target. Yes.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Most of my questions were answered at this point, but just on the capital program that you discussed today. And appreciate we have to wait for the K to come out in order to get it. But on the electric side the higher CapEx potential. Is that predominately the Freeport project? Or do you envision sort of the reliability and resiliency you discussed this morning to be incremental to that?
Bill Rogers: So Freeport is clearly a large component of that. We hope to get support from ERCOT by the end of the year and assuming that happens and well enter the process with the PUC early next year. But in addition to that we are thinking about other opportunities associated with growth. Growth needs in the area and reliability and hardening investments as well the area.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Then just obviously you don't have -- you guy have never had trouble growing, right. So when you sort of think about the higher capital program on the gas electric side, do you envision sort of maintaining that top end of that 4% to 6% beyond 2018 with what you know now?
Scott Prochazka: We haven't given any indications beyond 2018 at this point. But we are preparing to share more of our views in the outer years at our year-end call. So were developing that thinking. Certainly the need for capital spending help support a good growth rate, but well be better prepared to communicate what we think that looks like out end in the future at our year-end call.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly on Enable, obviously OGE still has their proposal out there. They responded on, I think in August 14. So whatever outcome in this process just remind us the offer that you accept has to exceed what OGE is sort of out there with? And then, what's the deadline for you to respond?
Bill Rogers: Right. Shahriar, its Bill. Youre right. So OGE has a right of first to offer opportunity and may exercise that right in August as you said. We need to -- if we accept another offer that has to be completed within 180 days and that offer does have to be higher by 105% are greater than OG&Es offer.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Got it. So that 180 days put you somewhere around January 11th?
Bill Rogers: I think that's fair.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, great. Good morning, guys. Thanks again.
Bill Rogers: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Just two quick ones. In addition to the CapEx youll provide your projection of rate base for Electric T&D as well as natural gas on that fourth quarter call?
Scott Prochazka: Charles, weve done some of that in the past. We havent put together our projections yet, but we will contemplate providing disclosure on that, as well as the what we think our capital spending is.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then, second real quick question. You had 7 million less right away revenue. Bill, did you have a year-to-date total on that, what were down to, is that project -- as that goes lower?
Bill Rogers: I think were looking here real quick to see if we have that number available for you.
Charles Fishman: If not, Ill give to the [Indiscernible] from you.
Bill Rogers: We owe you an answer.
Charles Fishman: Okay. That will work. Well see it next week.
Bill Rogers: Okay.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: So just on Enable. In the event  in the scenario where you do not have a transaction for it. Is there any consideration to not kind of looking to monetize it in the market, because it  as I'm sure you're aware, there's an overwhelming overhang on Enable stock to have that out there. So Im just kind of curious is there still some openness to thinking about that?
Scott Prochazka: Steve, Ill go back to what our initial objective was and that was to reduce our exposure to commodity, variability, by our investment in midstream, we would still continue to look for opportunities to reduce our exposure in that space. That said, I mean you bring up very valid points about the market conditions and as weve said in the past as we consider the sale of units we have to be extremely mindful of what is actually going on in respect to the markets.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then my other question I guess in terms of the capital plan updates that you are going to give probably next year, is there anyway that you could maybe give some sense of how much higher they might go, is this like 50% higher, is this just a little higher, any sense of scale?
Scott Prochazka: Well we are not going to go  its not going to go 50% higher I can tell you that. Its not that kind of adjustment but its also not I would say its not insignificant. I mean, weve mentioned this because the opportunities we are looking are significant enough to disclose and mention, but we just dont have the plan yet finalized. So, I had characterized it as meaningful but not a doubling of our current capital plan.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question will come from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Yes, hey guys. Actually couple of questions, first of all on the capital plan following up to Steve. Do you see the change being as on a percentage basis, higher on the electric side or the gas side?
Scott Prochazka: Michael, we are actually looking at changes to both of the businesses. So I dont know what the percentage numbers would be like, but there I would say they are meaningful for both segments.
Michael Lapides: And because you give out a multi-year CapEx plan, is it more ratable throughout or is it more back end loaded when you are thinking about it, meaning how to be lumpier and more in the last two years than maybe in the first couple of years?
Bill Rogers: Michael, its Bill. I would say that both gas and electric are biased to go higher by a similar amount. Admittedly gas is a smaller percentage of the total capital program. The gas business or more programs as we think about pipe replacement, so thats a more levelized capital investment. The electric business and our visibility of that tends to be front end loaded and to the extent that we have large transmission projects such as Brazos Valley or Freeport have visibility into that. So we get biased on the front end of the electric business because we can see the growth in the Houston Metropolitan area.
Michael Lapides: And do you worry about lag, like in Houston you all have been very good about earning authorized, earning close to authorized, youve needed the DCRF but are you worried that incremental capital will and sting out of rate cases will eventually push on to returns to a level thats kind of beneath what youve been able to generate for the last couple of years there?
Scott Prochazka: Well certainly our mechanisms help us minimize regulatory lag, but youre correct to say with higher capital on the margin that regulatory lag increases. Its not something that we worry about at this point in time; I think its very manageable.
Michael Lapides: Got it, okay guys thank you very much. Much appreciated.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you Michael.
David Mordy: And I believe Michael was the final question. So thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our third quarter 2017 earnings call. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO Joe McGoldrick - Senior Vice President of Energy Services.
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor Pickering Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Chris Turnure - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo Ali Agha - SunTrust.  Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar. Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC  Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors  Andy Gupta - Height
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Natalia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO; will discuss our second quarter 2017 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning, are Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Scott Doyle, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Distribution; and Joe McGoldrick, Senior Vice President of Energy Services. Tracy, Scott and Joe will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They have been posted on our web site, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics containing projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2017. The guidance range considers Utility Operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share, that does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today. And thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I'll begin on slide 4. This morning we reported second quarter 2017 net income of $135 million, or$0.31 per diluted share compared to a net loss of $2 million, or loss of $0.01 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year.  On a guidance basis, second quarter 2017 adjusted earnings were $125 million or $0.29 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings of $73 million or $0.17 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. This increase is a result of rate relief, customer growth, Midstream Investments performance and lower interest expense. These improvements were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense and the lower equity return. Additionally, this quarter included positive impacts for the gas distribution for the Texas Gulf rate order which Bill will expand on later.  All of our business segments performed well this quarter, despite a mild winter we are well ahead of same period last year. Our business segment continues to implement the strategies which focus on safely addressing the growing needs of our customer while enhancing financial performance.  Houston Electric highlighted on slide 5, delivered in second quarter of 2017 core operating income of $144 million, compared to $135 million in the same quarter of last year. We continue to see strong growth in our electric service territory. We added more than 46,000 residential metered customers since the second quarter of 2016, reflecting 2.2% growth. We believe this level of growth will continue through this year and our five year plan period. Additionally, total electric throughput across all customer classes is up 2.5% since the second quarter of 2016 suggesting ongoing strength in our commercial and industrial customer classes as well.  On May 23rd, in Sealy, Texas on the west side of Houston Metropolitan area was impacted by rare microburst weather event. This area experienced wind speeds of up to 100 miles an hour damaging nearly 250 distribution poles and nine transmission structures. Our crews worked around the clock over the following two days to safety restore power to the residence and commercial customers who are impacted by the storm. I am proud of the work our employees to do to response to events like this and to our serve communities.  In July, the Public Utility Commission approved Houston Electric's settlement agreement for an incremental annual increase of $42 million through the Distribution Cost Recovery Factor or DCRF. Rates will go into effect on September 1st. Further, with respect to DCRF, the Texas legislature recently removed the four filing limit which means Houston Electric will be eligible to file DCRF each year provided the business is earning below its authorized rate of return. For a complete overview of Houston Electric's year-to-date regulatory developments, please see slide 19.  Turning now to slide 6. Natural gas distribution operating income in the second quarter of 2017 was $37 million compared to $20 million in the same quarter last year. We continue to see solid customer growth of approximately 1% in this business with the addition of more than 32,000 customers since a second quarter of 2016.  On the regulatory front, the railroad commission approved the Texas Gulf rate case settlement in May. The order includes an annual increase of $16.5 million. Yesterday in Minnesota we filed a rate case proposing an annual increase of $56.5 million for growth and ongoing infrastructure replacement including our Minneapolis Belt Line project. Interim rates are expected go into effect on October 1.  In Arkansas, we reached a unanimous settlement for $7.6 million on our first formula rate plan filing subject to approval by the Arkansas public service commission. For complete overview of natural gas distributions year-to-date regulatory development, please see slide 20 and 21. Before I move on to discuss our energy services business I want to take this opportunity to thank local emergency officials and first responders for their response to yesterday's incident in Minneapolis. We are cooperating with investigating authorities and are providing information and assistance to them as part of the investigation. Our thoughts continue to be with those who have been impacted. Once the authorities have completed their investigation and we are able to share additional information we will do so.  Turning to slide 7, Energy Services' operating income was $10 million in the second quarter of 2017 compared to $7 million in the same quarter last year, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $6 million and loss of $7 million, respectively. We benefited from increased customer count and throughput, primarily related to acquisitions of Atmos Energy Marketing or AEM. We continue to anticipate solid performance from Energy Services with projected operating income of $45 million to $55 million in 2017. As anticipated the AEM acquisition has been modestly accretive year-to-date. Slide 8 shows some of the highlights from Enable's second quarter earnings call on August 1. Midstream Investments contributed $0.09 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2017, compared to $0.03 per diluted share in the same period last year. Enable performed well this quarter. Daily volumes of gas gathered and processed were higher than the same quarter last year. There has been a 38% increase in active rigs in the Enable footprint since April of this year. They have secured over 50,000 new dedicated acres since January 1. We continue to believe, Enable is well positioned for success.  Turning to slide 9, we reiterating our $ $1.25 to $1.33 EPS guidance for the year and continue to anticipate 2018 EPS growing at the upper end of our 4% to 6% range. The status of our Midstream Investments ownership review is covered on slide 10. Although we were hopeful of providing closure by this earnings call, the sale process remains ongoing. Multiple parties are completing their due diligence and we will not comment on the status of those activities nor can we represent that any of these parties will make a binding offer. Given that the process remains ongoing, we issued another right of first offer to OGE in July for the terms of our partnership agreement. We did however recently determine that we will no longer pursue a spin option. We concluded that with a reasonable level of debt at SpinCo, we would not maintain the desired credit metrics for CenterPoint. Finally, if we are unsuccessful with an outright sale of our Enable investment, we'll look for opportunities to constructively sell our units in the public market as conditions allow. Bill will provide additional detail later in the call regarding our considerations.  Let me conclude by reiterating how pleased I am with the performance of all four business segments this quarter. These are strong results and we are well on our way towards meeting our 2017 financial objectives.  I'll now turn the call over to Bill. 
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will provide a quarter-to-quarter operating income walk for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility Operations and then our consolidated business on a guidance basis.  Beginning on slide 12; Houston Electric performed well during the second quarter. Rate relief translated into $11 million favorable variance for the quarter, 2% customer growth translated into $9 million positive variance. Our Electric T&D segment remained discipline on O&M expense this quarter with the focus to keep the annual O&M growth under 2%. Excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets, O&M increased by only $4 million. Depreciation and other taxes accounted for unfavorable variance of $4 million. As we have previously disclosed, we expect equity return to be lower in 2017 relative to 2016. Our decline this quarter relative to second quarter 2016 was $7 million. In order to have a view our growth in core operating income, we exclude the change in equity return. Houston Electric's core operating income increased from $118 million to $134 million, a $16 million improvement on a period to period basis. Investors can find our forecast equity return income in the year end slide deck posted on our Investor Relations website on February 28.  Turning to slide 13; Natural Gas Distribution also performed well for the quarter. Other operating income for the second quarter was $37 million compared to $20 million for the same period last year. The business benefited $6 million from rate relief, $1 million from customer growth and $8 million in favorable usage primarily due to the timing of the decoupling normalization adjustments. In prior years, this normalization adjustment was recognized in the third or fourth quarter. These benefits were partially offset by $7 million increase in depreciation and amortization and other taxes. Also included in the quarter are adjustments related to the Texas Gulf rate order. We had a $16 million benefit due to the recording of a regulatory asset and a corresponding reduction in expense to recover prior period post retirement expenses. These post retirement expenses will be recovered in future rates.  We also had a negative $6 million depreciation adjustment for vehicle fleet overhead that was expense in O&M as a result of the depreciation study approved by the rate order. In order to have a view of our core operating income, we remove this expense adjustments recoded with the Texas Gulf case order. Therefore, we view the operating income as improving from $20 million to $27 million on a period to period basis. The primary driver of this improvement was rate relief.  Our quarter-to-quarter EPS basis walk begins on slide 14. We start with $0.14 of Utility Operations EPS and had $0.05 of improvement from core operating income, excluding equity return. As a reminder, the improvement in core operating income includes the adjustments to expense related to the Texas Gulf rate order. Next, we had $0.02 of improvement from lower interest expense and a partial quarter increase in distribution income from the Enable preferred investment. The decline in equity return resulted in a $0.01 decrease per share on a quarter-to-quarter basis.  In summary, Utility Operations guidance EPS increased from $0.14 to $0.20 on a quarter-over-quarter basis.  Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on slide 15. With the Utility Operations increase to $0.06 and the Midstream Investments increase to $0.06, consolidated EPS improved from $0.17 in the second quarter of 2016 to $0.29 in the second quarter of 2017. We continue to anticipate strong performance for the remainder of 2017, driven by utility customer growth, rate relief, energy services growth, interest expense savings and the improved performance of our Midstream segment.  On slide 16, we provide an overview of our anticipated financing plans and effective tax rate. We continue to expect $1.5 billion in capital investment in 2017. Cash generation and credit metrics remains consistent with the year end 2016 actuals. Therefore, we are reducing anticipated net incremental borrowing needs in 2017 to between $200 million and $400 million, inclusive of the approximate $150 million funding for our purchase of AEM in the first quarter. As previously discussed, we are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2017 or 2018.  With respect to tax expense, our second quarter 2017 effective tax rate was 36%, similar to the first quarter. We continue to anticipate a full year 2017 tax rate of 36%.  In addition to our earnings release and 10-Q filings for all of our registrants filed this morning, we would like to remind you of other news releases or disclosures of interest. First, our Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.2675 per share on July 27, payable on September 8, 2017. Second, as Enable stated on their call, we anticipate that the financial test required for conversion of all subordinated units will be satisfied by August 30. Therefore, all subordinated units are expected to convert to common units on that date on a one for one basis.  With respect our Midstream ownerships, as Scott shared in his comments, we have determined that we will no longer pursue a spin option and we continue discussion for our sale of our interest.  Let me provide some detail on our path if an outright sale of our Enable stake is not viable. We continue to support Enable's investment, credit quality and distribution objectives. We also support Enable's efforts to reduce commodity exposure primarily via contract design. Additionally, we will consider selling units in a public markets. We are very aware of capital markets limitations such as average daily volume. Therefore, we will be patient and sell units opportunistically under the right capital market conditions. Any sales would be in accordance with partnership agreement.  We have not established nor we do intend to communicate in objective on the target price, timing or amount of unit sales. We are only communicating that we will look for the opportunity to reduce the size of our Midstream investment should market conditions allow and in the event an outright sale is not viable.  Finally, on slide 17, we summarize year-to-date performance. The strong year-to-date performance of $0.66 per share on a guidance basis sets us up well to achieve our full year 2017 financial objectives. We'll update our earnings guidance as appropriate, accounting for but not limited to weather impacts on volume sales, the Midstream segment's contribution to earnings including mark-to-market accounting, rate relief and changes in our operating and maintenance expenses.  With that I'll now turn the call back over to David. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time I'll ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Natalia?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And your first question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering. 
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning. Regarding the Enable update, is the right way to look at the updates going forward as the Enable portion of the business is something that you don't want to own longer term and you'll pursue ways to kind of lower that stake in your overall portfolio but not to expect absolute decision as to whether you are going to keep it or not. 
Scott Prochazka: I think Neel the way to think about this is as we've expressed from the beginning, we would like to reduce our exposure to oil and gas sector. Our investment in Midstream so if we were not able to affect an outright sale as Bill suggested we would look for opportunities to widen our ownership by a public sale. But we are also very much aware of the need to be cognizant of market conditions when we attempt to do that. So I think that's -- maybe a long-winded answer but I think the way you described it, it's perhaps accurate. 
Neel Mitra: Okay. And then just with the outright sale process, how do you look at the tax leakage associated with that? 
Scott Prochazka: The viable sales viable sale process is there once that don't involve cash transaction and therefore would not involve an immediate tax liability. 
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. And just really quickly, Houston Electric is doing very well for you. I wanted to just try to think about rate base growth versus sales growth. When you think about the capital spending that's involved there, is it mostly due to keeping up with the sales growth or are there reliability needs that need to be addressed as well and kind of rough parentage of what's driving the rate base versus sales growth are just liability and need for new equipment?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, Neel, there is a mix of investment for those categories you described. I would estimate and I don't have a numbers in front of me, that the largest category is centered around growth investment, perhaps around 60% of our capital is growth oriented. The remainder would be geared towards maintenance and reliability spends. 
Operator: Your next question from the line of Insoo Kim with RBC Capital Markets. 
Insoo Kim: Hi, good morning, everyone. Scott, just going back to the Enable options. For the partnership agreements of -- I understand the 5% limit which triggered the ROFO, but is there a limit to how many or what percentage you guys can sell either via an open market or exchange in a given year?
Bill Rogers: Insoo, good morning. This is Bill. The 5% limit would be to a single owner. There is not a limit with respect to what we might sell in a capital markets. Having stated that we are well aware of the practical limitations I think which center around the actual float and average daily trading volume of Enable. 
Insoo Kim: Got it. But in terms of the partnership agreement, there's no written language limiting any -- it would just be subject to the market conditions that you guys mentioned?
Bill Rogers: Yes. 
Insoo Kim: Okay. And then just maybe another technical question on if you were to do a non-cash unit exchange with a third party for the sale of -- what happens to the current negative tax basis that you guys have in Enable?
Bill Rogers: Insoo, it's Bill again. That negative tax base stays and whenever we would sell those securities we would recognize a capital gain. 
Insoo Kim: Okay. Got it. And then maybe turning to the CEHE. With the legislative change in Texas, does that -- do you foresee the chance of you filing a rate case in the foreseeable future is like pretty low?
Scott Prochazka: Well, in our last disclosed estimate of filings we did not have a full blown rate case in that plan. The removable of the four time limits on DCRF would potentially allow us to defer a rate case even further. Keep in mind that DCRF is only usable if our total ROE is below our authorized ROE.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. 
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, guys. So thanks for the additional color on Enable. Let me ask get your refresh thoughts here. In a scenario where you are -- there is not an outright sale and you are divesting small percentage on annual basis. Can you just remind us how you are thinking about other ways to potentially dilute your ownership in Enable maybe looking at non-organic growth opportunities and tapping what seems to be an under utilized balance sheet which I guess is a bit of surprise for the rest of the sectors. How are you sort of thinking about M&A and maybe potentially diluting Enable's exposure?
Scott Prochazka: Well, certainly our objective of having our Midstream exposure on a percentage basis being lower could be accomplished through continued utility growth. Our emphasis continues to be around organic growth for our utility. When we invest organically we know the return that we will get on those investments. It would be nice to find an opportunity or to be able to accelerate our utility growth. But we have to compare the returns of other investments against the returns we can get investing in our organic growth opportunities. Bill, do you want to add to that? 
Bill Rogers: Sure. Thanks Scott. Shahriar, just remind investors that we did revise our five year CapEx higher in the 2016 Form 10-K and with the growth that we continue to see, I think that CapEx investment is biased to go higher yet. The strength of our balance sheet and our credit metrics allows us to make those investments without having to consider common equity in the near term. 
Shahriar Pourreza: That's helpful, okay, got it. So the organic opportunities far away, you having to look at the M&A market. Thanks, appreciate it. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Chris Turnure with JP Morgan.
Chris Turnure: Good morning. To continue on the conversation regarding Enable. Can you just kind of give us a little bit of background and remind us of the exact trigger of when you need to go to OGE with the right of first offer. You've done this, I think, a couple of times now. You said you recently kind of refreshed that with them last month.
Scott Prochazka: Sure. I'll ask Bill to do that.
Bill Rogers: Good morning, Chris. See if we intend to have discussions with third parties to sell more than 5% then under the partnership agreements OGE has a right to first offer. Given that we have been having discussion and continue to have those discussion the time period lapsed and therefore we needed to provide OGE with another right of first offer. 
Chris Turnure: Okay. Then how did the time period lapse exactly?
Bill Rogers: Yes. There is a time limit by which we would have to conclude the process and close. And that time limit is 120 days after we respond to OGE, should OGE give us an offer. And OGE has 30 days to respond to our right of first offer notice and we have 30 days to response to do that. 
Chris Turnure: Okay. So as you've been going through the process over the past 1.5 years or so, now we can assume that that cycled through a couple of times and each time you've not been able to get it done, obviously, by the mention limit, okay. And then switching gears to the energy services business. It seems like since you closed the transaction with Atmos early this year, you're generally pleased with results and you say that it kind of remains accretive. Can you just speak in a little bit more detail to the kind of business market conditions there and the outlook going forward?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I am going to ask Joe to make a comment on this one. He is sitting at the table here with us. 
Joe McGoldrick: Hi, Chris. Yes, it's just gave us the opportunity to broaden our geographic scope which is one and it lessens the overall impacts of economic conditions and weather conditions across the country. And to the integration has been going well and it allows us to look for further organic optimization of the businesses as we combined them so with Continuum, and with Atmos and legacy CES, it puts us in a good position to grow from organic perspective just based off of the size accumulated with the acquisitions. 
Chris Turnure: Okay. And just the overall commodity and volume environment out there remains supportive and kind of in line with your expectations from 6 or 9 months ago?
Joe McGoldrick: It has with the gas prices and the gas availability out there, the market looks good. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kamal Patel with Wells Fargo.
Kamal Patel: Good morning, gentlemen. A few questions on Enable. Regarding the spin and I am of the understanding that the risk profile of CenterPoint would have improved, so I am not understanding the inability to maintain desired kind of metrics. Could you kind of clarify that? 
Bill Rogers: Kamal, good morning. It's Bill. Yes, you are correct and that the business risk profile would have improved without having the Midstream investment as part of our business. Having said that, we think there is real advantage to our credit metrics and we specifically look at FFO to debt, and we did not think that we could put the amount of debt on SpinCo for it to have a sustainable credit quality, as well as to meet our objectives of maintaining our credit metrics at CenterPoint.
Kamal Patel: Okay. Regarding the potential sale opportunities. If you go down the path of selling via the public markets, would you go back to a potential block sale or would you just remain on the public market sale? 
Bill Rogers: We will not be commenting as to how we might do that. But there are various either programs or as you suggested box sale opportunities. I think it very much depends upon capital market considerations and I know I have said it twice but I'll say it again, we do recognize practical limitations that exist today as a result of average daily trading volume and float. 
Kamal Patel: Okay. And one last one. Equity you had the cable business you used the ZEN to offload the position in the cable business, is that something that could be evaluated for your Enable LP interest. 
Bill Rogers : I don't think that would practically work with units. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust. 
Ali Agha: Thank you, good morning. First question Scott I just want to understand the sort of strategic thinking behind the sale for shares. Because it seems to be that all you are doing is essentially adding another layer in your ultimate goal of exiting that exposure. Is that fair I mean essentially what you may get is a more liquid share ownership that you could sell more easily? I am just trying to understand what the sale for shares would accomplish given where you want to go? 
Scott Prochazka: So, Ali our objective with this transaction was to have more visibility into the earnings associated with Midstream investment as well as the option to have more liquidity to change our ownership. So your point is exactly right. The transition to another security in part would be to provide optionality for us to lighten our investment in Midstream over time. 
Ali Agha: Okay. And so presumably that - central buyer is understanding of that fact there maybe some pressure on their shares if they do give you shares for that ownership exchange.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. 
Ali Agha: Good. And also to clarify, Scott, I think you said that best to clarify as far as selling the Enable unit in the market is concerned, there is no official limit with the partnership agreement. I theoretically you could sell all of it in one go if you wanted to. I understand the capital market issue but there is no other limit to how much can sell it at given time. 
Scott Prochazka: That is correct but just straight capital markets transaction. 
Ali Agha: Right. And then second question, Bill for you if I look at what you've reported so far through the first half and I look at the guidance range you have for the year, even at the high end of the guidance range, it essentially is telling us that second half results would be flat with second half 2016. Is there any rationale or any reason why that would be the case? 
Bill Rogers: Well, we never said it was flat in 2016 but what I said in the prepared remarks Ali was that we will update earnings guidance as appropriate. Help you appreciate we are in the middle of our big quarter for Houston Electric. So volumes sale related to weather do matter to our earnings. And we do recognize that oil and gas forward prices change and that could change the mark to market accounting that is at the Enable level. 
Ali Agha: Okay. But there is no structure level, there was no one time gain I think last year's second half that would make a for a tougher comparison. 
Bill Rogers: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe. 
Steve Fleishman: Yes, hi, good morning. Good morning, Scott. I just curious that obviously in the beginning of the year you move the date to this call giving more time to this process and then we have this happen again and you could I guess in theory just say hey we are just going to go status quo and obviously any time somebody could make an offer to do something else. So maybe just give some color like why kind of continue with this process as is instead of just saying, hey, let's just go status quo and if something happens strategically then it happens.
Scott Prochazka: Well, Steve, the reality is that we are still in discussion with parties. Admittedly, we have some parties that came into conversation a little bit later in the process and that maybe the driver for this not being concluded but we are working towards a conclusion of the discussions that we are having. So while we didn't get closure by this call, and I am hesitant to provide another date for target, hopefully it will be in the near future when this is closed out. 
Steve Fleishman: Okay, got it, that's helpful. And then secondly just in terms of thinking about the credit thought process if you applied it to any type of sale for stock. It really wouldn't interior wouldn't really change your credit situation much because you'd still be effectively getting Enable distribution through to CenterPoint from whatever entity you've invested in and you wouldn't have any of the credit issues that you would have with spin. Is it at a high level, is that correct? 
Scott Prochazka: That's correct, Steve. 
Operator: Your next question from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar. 
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Just one question I have left. In thinking about this idea of sale of units for some type of like kind exchange so you can time your tax liability little -- have a little more control over that. Is some of that due to the uncertainty with respect to tax reform?
Scott Prochazka: No. I wouldn't say it is not. When we started this process we were talking about this option and that was before any discussion of tax reform. It is possible if tax reform were to occur that there could be some benefit from it. 
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hi. How are you? Just to sort of follow-up on Ali Agha's question and some of the others in terms of this like-kind exchange. Is the only purpose for taxes or is there any other benefit that you would get from accounting or what have you in having a lower percentage of ownership in a larger equity than you have with Enable?
Bill Rogers: Paul, good morning. It's Bill. We currently account for our Enable investment as equity accounting under really the real estate accounting rule. So if we were to exchange those units for units or C Corp common and some other entity, at this time we don't see a change in the accounting. What we would not expect to recognize any tax liability. The exchange would defer the tax liability until the time at which we sold either units or C Corp common and that the exchange for the units would be under a plan of reorganization. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to -- I mean, just with respect to the expansion of the tax liability, is this big driver in this? Is that -- I mean, as opposed to potentially filling your Enable's ownership for cash? Is that what you're talking -- is that one of the big drivers this year that you guys are considering? Is that the big portion of the consideration here?
Bill Rogers : We do have think through that and that we have significant negative basis so it would an order for us to meet our objective as Scott as outlined, we would meet a very high sales price to first recognize that capital gains liability and then drive the rest through to get back to earnings per share. 
Paul Patterson: Okay. So with that in consideration, when we're talking about capital markets opportunities and what have you, the idea of a secondary offering, of selling security holders or what have you, it would seem that because of that management of the tax liability issue, you would be probably divesting. If you are doing it to the capital markets, your preference would be to not do a block sale or not do a large sale, it would seem to be that you would be, for lack of a better word, dribbling it out over a considerable period of time as you would with the like-kind exchange. Is that the right way to sort of think about the likely outcome of -- I'm not trying to preclude you from any potential disposition, but does that make more -- is that sort of the way we should think about it just in general?
Bill Rogers: I think with respect to sale in the public markets, the capital markets considerations are much more of a limiting factor than paying capital gains tax as we liquidate. 
Paul Patterson: Even like -- but what about the idea of a secondary offering, for instance? Like in other words, another written kind of offering or something of that sort of nature? I was thinking in those terms, do you follow me? Yes, obviously, if you're just selling in the open market, like you've been saying there would be some restrictions there just because of the flow and what have you. But just I'm thinking in terms of the block sale or something about sort of nature of marketed effort that would certainly preclude as well, would it not, because of the tax considerations?
Bill Rogers: Well, they would but just practically we own over 54% of the LP units of Enable so we have to think through how much any one block sale would be relative to that ownership. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andy Levi: Hi, how are you guys doing? How long has the just your sale process has been going on for Enable? 
Scott Prochazka: We announced it about 18 month ago but from a practical standpoint it began little less than a year ago. We had some challenges right after we announced with the commodity markets. And basically caused the late start if you will. But I'd say it has been active since a little under a year. 
Andy Levi: And this is -- again I am not talking about the strategic review, I am just talking about the actual sales process, straight sales process for Enable which is kind of where we are at right now. It's been about a year. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. It has.
Andy Levi: Right, okay. And I am just curious I mean obviously you mentioned obviously the energy market as well and obviously there has been number of times where OGE has been offer the right of first offer or whatever it is called ROFO but point being is why is it taking so long? Is it because -- not a minority but obviously that there is another owner of Enable? Is that a problem or can you give us any color why the process is taking so long?
Scott Prochazka: Admittedly it's taking longer than we had expected. I think I'll begin where they took some time to get confidence in a forecast over multiple years that we could represent to potential buyers. Then if just have to think back to the state of the ENP industry and the midstream segment for the first half of last year. And then you are right this has an added layer to it and any potential purchaser wants to get comfortable with their partner. 
Andy Levi: So then move to the like kind exchange. I would assume that maybe a similar issue. In a like kind exchange how does it work just logistically with OGE? I mean obvious I guess they could participate in that like kind exchange, tell if I'm right or wrong, but also as far as they are first look at it in a better way to put that.
Scott Prochazka: That's within the ROFO. 
Andy Levi: That's within the ROFO
Scott Prochazka: So if we are offering our interest for sale, OGE has right to first offer. 
Andy Levi: But in the like-kind exchange as well.
Scott Prochazka: Correct.
Andy Levi: Okay. And that's just based on a cash price I guess.
Scott Prochazka: No, that's based on the fact -- they have a right for first offer--
Andy Levi: No, no, I understand but I am saying as far as like-kind exchange obviously you would be offered shares in another company in exchange for your shares of Enable, but that would be based on I guess a price right obviously and so that's how OGE determine whether they are kind in the game or not, is that a better way to say it. 
Scott Prochazka: Under the right of first offer, they make the offer first if they elect to do that. 
Andy Levi: Okay. So I guess I didn't realize I thought they were able to lease -- be able to review what the offer is worth like I guess that's not the case. 
Scott Prochazka: No. They have first offer rights. 
Andy Levi: Okay. But I was -- something I had in my head that they were able to review part of the process beyond that first offer. Okay so basically on a like-kind exchange we will find about that fairly soon. Is that fair?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We hope too move this to conclusion here pretty quick, yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with RBC Capital Markets. 
Insoo Kim: And sorry for the follow-up. Just one follow-up on the Enable -- I know the spin is essentially off the table. But was that decision for that, you say it was credit metrics, but did the math that you guys worked through in terms of potentially paying down the debt and maybe re-equatizing CERC of the equity offerings, did that not make sense to you guys as in terms of accretion or what not? And then the other part is, are you able to tell us whether you received the private letter ruling from the IRS that it would or it would not be a largely tax-free spin?
Scott Prochazka: I am not yet in a position to comment on a letter. We are not in the position to talk about private letter rulings publicly. But with respect to the way we looked at it Insoo it was the consolidated credit metrics of CenterPoint after a spin and the amount of that we could reasonably place on SpinCo. So that SpinCo would have reasonable access to the debt capital markets. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hi. Just a quick follow-up. So assuming that you guys do a like-kind exchange and there is no liquidity issue, or very little if one, what would then be in terms of the disposition of those assets which you think because, at that point, assuming there's no liquidity issue, it's just a question of tax liability management it would seem to me. How should we think then of the disposal of the new securities that you would own? And would those be accounted for in operating earnings, potentially?
Scott Prochazka: Well, I'll start and maybe Bill can add to the latter part of the question. Thinking through that option that far down is reaching way far ahead in terms of what may happen if the first assumption were to occur. We maintain our objective of trying to reduce the volatility of the investment proportion that we have in our midstream space. So the timing for disposition, there are many factors that would go into that. One is the variability of the earnings stream that we now have. And as you know, capital markets considerations but there are many factors that we go into. And we have not at all described what our objectives would be relative to that investment.
Operator: Your next question from the line of Kamal Patel with Wells Fargo.
Kamal Patel: Hi, sorry. One quick follow up. Regarding the GP interest in Enable. Would you hold on to it until you sold down or got out of your LP position down to reasonable level? Or it is more of a smaller stake per se? 
Scott Prochazka: Our expectation is that GP would go with the sale. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi, thanks for the follow up. Just another question on the like for kind exchange. If you were to exchange it with somebody else, would that ultimately actually reduce the tax liability or just manage your ability to basically pay that out over time when you sell the units?
Scott Prochazka: That would not change our tax liability. 
Neel Mitra: Okay. So it's just being able to manage it over time. 
Scott Prochazka: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors.
Andy Levi: I think I am off that. 
Operator: Our last question is from the line of [Andy Gupta with Height]. 
Andy Gupta: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just a clarification in the sale option, is the only option you are considering taking units of shares or what if it's a cash offer? 
Scott Prochazka: Cash offer would work but it has to be at the right price to meet the other obligations. 
David Mordy: This concludes our second quarter 2017 earnings call. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. And have a wonderful day. 
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-06 23:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI John Edwards - Credit Suisse Michael Lapedis - Goldman Sachs Ali Agha - SunTrust Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Lasan Johong - Auvila Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Thea. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO; will discuss our first quarter 2017 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Along with us this morning, are Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Scott Doyle, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Distribution; and Joe McGoldrick, Senior Vice President of Energy Services. Tracy, Scott and Joe will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our web site, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They have been posted on our web site, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, web casts and posts to the Investors section of our web site. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics containing projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2017. The guidance range considers Utility Operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share, that does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business. The company does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or Enable Midstream's unusual items. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our web site. And now I would like to turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will begin on slide 4. This morning, we reported first quarter 2017 net income of $192 million or $0.44 per diluted share, compared with net income of $154 million or $0.36 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. On a guidance basis, first quarter 2017 adjusted earnings were $160 million or $0.37 per diluted share, compared with adjusted earnings of $138 million or $0.32 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Increases resulted from rate relief, customer growth, Midstream Investments contribution, lower interest expense and a full quarter benefit from our investment in Enable preferred units. These benefits were partially offset by reductions in usage, primarily due to milder weather, higher depreciation and lower equity return. Utility Operations and Midstream Investments both performed well this quarter. The key takeaways from our first quarter results are clear. We exceeded our 2016 earnings performance this quarter, despite a very mild winter in our southern service territories, and we remain on track to meet our earnings guidance of $1.25 to $1.33 for the full year. Our various business segments continue to implement their strategies, which are focused on safely addressing the growing needs of our customers, while enhancing financial performance. Next, I will cover business highlights starting with Houston Electric on slide 5. Despite experiencing the warmest winter on record, Electric Transmission and Distribution core operating income in the first quarter of 2017 was $58 million, compared to $59 million in the same quarter last year. We continue to see strong growth in our electric service territory. We added more than 49,000 metered customers since the first quarter of 2016, representing 2% customer growth. We continue to forecast 2% growth for all of 2017, which equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million in incremental base revenue. In February, we received approval for our transmission cost of service or TCOS filing, which provides a $7.8 million annual increase in revenue. Additionally in April, Houston Electric made a Distribution Cost Recovery Factor or DCRF filing with the Public Utility Commission of Texas, which proposes a $44.6 million annual increase in revenue. New rates are expected to go into effect in September. For a complete overview of Houston Electric's year-to-date regulatory developments, please see slide 17. Also in April, we submitted a proposal to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, also known as ERCOT, requesting its endorsement of a transmission project to support continued load growth for the petrochemical industry in the Freeport, Texas area. The proposed project includes capital expenditures of approximately $250 million, which would be incremental to the five year capital plan that we provided on our earnings call this past February. We anticipate a decision from ERCOT later this year. If approved, we will then make the necessary filings to seek approval from the PUCT. We anticipate the majority of capital expenditures will occur in 2019, 2020 and 2021. Turning to slide 6, natural gas distribution operating income in the first quarter of 2017 was $164 million compared to $160 million in the same quarter last year. Natural gas distribution performance was strong, despite an extremely warm winter, similar to that experienced by Houston Electric. The decoupling pilot in Minnesota and the weather normalization adjustments in every other state, except for Texas, helped offset some of the reduced usage caused by the milder winter. We continue to see solid customer growth of approximately 1%, with more than 28,000 customers added since the first quarter of 2016. On the regulatory front, we reached a settlement in April for our Texas Gulf rate case. The settlement includes an annual increase of $16.5 million and a 9.6% return on equity on a 55.15% equity capital structure. We expect the judges proposed decision on the settlement shortly and a final order from the railroad commission later in the month. We made our first Arkansas Formula Rate Plan or FRP filing in April, requesting a $9.3 million annual increase. New rates from the FRP filing are expected to go into effect in October. Additionally, we submitted GRIP filings in our South Texas and Beaumont, East Texas jurisdictions in March, for a total annual increase of $7.6 million. New rates from these GRIP filings are expected to go into effect in July. For a complete overview of natural distribution's year-to-date regulatory developments, please see slides 18 and 19. Turning now to slide 7; Energy Services' operating income was $20 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $15 million in the same quarter last year, excluding a mark-to-market gain of $15 million and a loss of $9 million respectively. We benefitted from increased customer count and throughput, primarily related to acquisitions of Atmos Energy Marketing or AEM and the Energy Services business of Continuum. We continue to anticipate solid performance from Energy Services in 2017, with projected operating income of $45 million to $55 million. The AEM acquisition is expected to be modestly accretive this year, even after accounting for integration expenses. Slide 8 shows some of the highlights from Enable's first quarter earnings call no May 3. Midstream Investments contributed $0.10 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2017, compared to $0.09 per diluted share in the same period last year. Enable performed well operationally this quarter. Daily volumes of gas gathered, processed and transported were all higher than the same quarter last year. Additionally, Enable recently announced two new projects, Project Wildcat, which will provide premium market outlets for drilling production out of the SCOOP and STACK plays in the Anadarko basin, and add 400 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity. As well as a 10-year 205 million cubic feet per day firm natural gas transportation agreement with Newfield exploration company to transport Newfield's production out of the Anadarko basin. We continue to believe, Enable is well positioned for success in their industry. Turning to slide 9, given our strong start to the year and expected growth in both Utility Operations and Midstream Investments, we are reaffirming our 2017 earnings guidance range of $1.25 to $1.33 per share. Finally, as we previously disclosed, we expect to update you on the review of our Midstream Investment ownership alternatives on or before our second quarter 2017 earnings call. I'd now like to turn the call over to Bill.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will provide a quarter-to-quarter operating income walk for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility Operations and our consolidated business on a guidance basis. Beginning on slide 11; Houston Electric performed well during the first quarter. Rate relief translated into $14 million of favorable variance and a 2% customer growth provided $8 million of positive variance. Usage accounted for $4 million in unfavorable variance. This is primarily a result of milder weather. Depreciation and other taxes accounted for a non-favorable variance of $9 million, but our electric T&D segment were disciplined on O&M expenses this quarter, and remains focused on limiting O&M growth in the future. As we have previously disclosed, we expect equity return to be lower in 2016 relative to 2016. The decline this quarter relative to first quarter 2016 was $6 million. Excluding the decrease in equity income, the Electric segment's operating income increased from $46 million to $51 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Overall, Houston Electric is on track with our expectations. Turning to slide 12; the Natural Gas Distribution segment also performed well for the quarter. The business benefitted primarily from rate relief, providing a positive $13 million variance. Customer growth of 1% provided $2 million in positive variance. The business had $15 million of lower usage, primarily due to milder weather, after adjusting for decoupling and weather normalization adjustments. We would expect to recover some additional amounts later in the year through our normalization mechanisms. A larger share of the weather impact was in Texas. This is a result of the warmest winter on record, and that Texas is the only state, where we operate without a decoupling or a weather adjustment mechanism. Our Gas Distribution also remain disciplined on O&M, which was nearly flat for the quarter, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. The segment did benefit from a onetime property tax refund in Minnesota. As included in the taxes other than income taxes line item on the income statement. In summary, the Gas distribution segment's operating income increased from $160 million to $164 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis, despite a very mild winter in our Southern Service territories, we are on track with our expectations. Energy Services first quarter operating income was $20 million excluding mark-to-market adjustments. This represents a $5 million improvement over the first quarter of 2016. The segment's recent acquisitions are contributing to operating income as expected. As we previously disclosed, we expect Energy Services to deliver $45 million to $55 million in operating income in 2017. A quarter-to-quarter earnings per share walk on a guidance basis begins on page 13. We start with the $0.23 of Utility Operations EPS and had $0.02 of improvement from core operating income, excluding equity return. Next, we had $0.03 of improvement from lower interest expense and our full quarter of distribution from Enable preferred investment. The decline in equity of churn in the Electric segment resulted in a $0.01 loss per share on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In summary, Utility Operations had an approximately 17% improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis, with the guidance EPS increasing from $0.23 to $0.27 per share. Our consolidated guidance earnings per share comparison is on page 14. With the Utility Operations increase of $0.04 and the midstream increase of $0.01, we had approximately 16% quarter-to-quarter improvement on a guidance basis, or $0.37 per share in this quarter versus the $0.32 per share in the first quarter of 2016. With this $0.05 improvement for the first quarter and a number of positive factors expected to continue, including rate relief, interest expense savings and the improved Midstream environment, we had strong momentum for the remainder of 2017. I will end my prepared remarks on slide 15; as we had previously disclosed, we expect to invest $7 billion on behalf of our customers over the next five years. Actual investment will be guided by customer and load growth. Our recent proposal to ERCOT for approximately $250 million of additional transmission investment to support industrial customer [indiscernible] near Freeport, Texas is an example of this growth. As disclosed in earlier calls, our anticipated net incremental borrowing needs in 2017 are between $200 million and $500 million, inclusive of the funding of our purchase of AEM earlier this year. And we are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2017 or 2018. I will close by reminding you of the $0.2675 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 27, which represents a 4% increase over last year's dividend.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Thea?
Operator: The first question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Two questions; so assuming the anticipated decision from ERCOT later in 2017 on the $250 million project, what's the time rising for actually executing on that capital investment and when would you think that that transmission line would be in operation? And then I have a follow-up?
Scott Prochazka: Greg, good morning. This is Scott. The process we would have to step through and we are stepping through is, having ERCOT review our proposal on and assuming that they are supportive of this, the next step would a file with the commission. Given all those steps and the timing for each of those steps, we would anticipate that the construction period would be between 2019 and 2021.
Greg Gordon: But would you earn AFUDC on that during construction?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, we would.
Greg Gordon: And then forgive me if I was distracted earlier and missed it, but can you give us an update at all on the process of the strategic review on Enable?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah my comments earlier was that, that we are continuing that. We have mentioned on our first quarter call, we anticipate providing an update on our -- well I said, I am sorry on our fourth quarter call, that we anticipate providing an update on our second quarter call. So we are still on track to do that, and we are still in discussions with other parties in evaluating alternatives. So sit tight, we will provide an update on or before our second quarter call.
Greg Gordon: Is it fair to assume that the decision process is banded around some sort of tax efficient like kind exchange, versus a spend through a C-Corp?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Well it's certainly one of the options, but it's not the only one that's being considered.
Greg Gordon: Okay. Thanks guys.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Thanks Greg.
Operator: The next question will come from John Edwards with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Edwards: Thanks for taking my question. You just answered my question. I was going to ask also about what's the plan for Enable and it sounds like it's still being considered. I guess the only thing I would add to that question would be, is one of the options just keeping it?
Scott Prochazka: Yes John. One of the options is to keep it. We have talked about the list of options being a sale, a spin or keep. And even under the keep situation, we continue to work on things that would reduce the variability associated with our ownership of Enable and a lot of that activity is happening at the Enable level, with the nature of the contracts and the deals that are putting together.
John Edwards: Okay. And then just, on the guidance, you indicated you expect to be at the high end of the 4% to 6% earnings growth range for 2018 and then also as far as the ranges for this year, what are some of the things you are looking at, that would put you at the high end versus the low end, if you could just maybe provide a little color? And if you already commented on it, I apologize. I had to jump on late.
Bill Rogers: John, good morning. This is Bill. With respect to 2017, we are still in the first quarter. First quarter, we have done well. First quarter and third quarter are big quarters of the year, and the weather influences both of those. But we are confident we are on track, certainly within the EPS guidance for the 2017 year. Many of the factors that we discussed in our prepared remarks for 2017 would apply to 2018 as well, including the momentum that we have in the midstream segment.
John Edwards: Okay. So are you leaning towards the high end for 2017 as well at this point?
Bill Rogers: Given that it's just the first quarter, we are not in a position to guide either or within the range of the 2017 EPS guidance.
John Edwards: Okay, thank you. That's it for me.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapedis with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapedis: Hey guys, just curious and thank you for taking my questions. In your 2017 guidance, what do you assume for your earned returns on rate base, both on the gas side and the electric side.
Scott Prochazka: Michael good morning, this is Scott. We have historically performed in the range between 9.5 and 10 for out utilities and our expectations are that that will continue this year as well.
Michael Lapedis: Got it. And is that what's baked into your multiyear guidance, your growth rate guidance?
Scott Prochazka: Yes it is.
Michael Lapedis: Okay. And then one or two housekeeping items; Bill, just curious, the property tax refund, so people should back that out of next year, I assume and that shows up in taxes other than income taxes?
Bill Rogers: Yes.
Michael Lapedis: Okay. And then, in the quarter, depreciation, and it doesn't look like -- and this is not a huge thing, but depreciation was a tailwind. But it doesn't look like it happened at the utility at CEHE or at the Gas utility. So is there something at the parent that drove that or, something along the amortization that drove that change year-over-year?
Bill Rogers: Michael, that's related to two things, allocation of depreciation expense and AMR and transition bonds.
Michael Lapedis: Got it. Okay. I can follow-up offline. Thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Scott Prochazka: Thanks Michael.
Operator: The next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Scott, I wanted to get an update. What's your current thoughts on utility consolidation? And to the extent there are opportunities there, is CenterPoint poised to be a player or are you completely focused on the internal five year growth?
Scott Prochazka: Well I think my thoughts are perhaps similar to others, based on observation. The peers that utility M&A has slowed a little bit, could be for a number of factors. But our interest in M&A is the same as it has always been, and that is that, we really focus our energy around investment in our utilities. We look at the opportunity to invest up to and perhaps in excess of $7 billion in our utilities over the next five years. Knowing the timeliness and the returns we can get, based on investment in our jurisdictions, and we have to compare that to the quality of investment through M&A and our emphasis remains on organic investment.
Ali Agha: But to the extent opportunities come up, fair to say that you still would be looking more contiguous or close to your service territories, no interest in going afar from your current portfolio?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. I think that's a fair characterization. We are fundamentally a utility company. We believe we run utilities well. And if we found an opportunity that made sense to make our utilities larger, in a way that created value for our customers, we would certainly consider it.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then Bill, you mentioned no plans to issue equity, 2017 and 2018; does that imply, would 2019 be the earliest year you think that equity could potentially come into the equation, given that $7 billion plus CapEx plan, or could it be even further afield than that?
Bill Rogers: Ali, I thinks it's premature for us to comment on 2019 and beyond with respect to equity plans. It is certainly our intent to manage our level of investment, our dividends and our financing, in order to maintain our existing credit quality and credit ratings. Provide the right investment on behalf of our customers and our growing service territories, and not to dilute our shareholders.
Ali Agha: But you are not saying -- just want to be clear. You are not saying that the entire $7 billion can be funded without equity or can you say that?
Bill Rogers: We have not made any comment on that.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Hi Scott. So just to go back to the last quarter, you mentioned that the -- you were thinking on the 2018 to be at the high end your four to six, is that still good?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, that's still correct Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And harking back to the days with Gary, I have to ask this question of -- now that Encore potentially back on the block, is it something -- and they seem to want a Texas based owner. Is that something that could become more viable or interesting to you again?
Scott Prochazka: Steve I think you know, it's not our real practice to comment on specific opportunities. But it is interesting watching this proceeding unfold. To my understanding, it's not yet closed. So like you all, we are just watching this thing unfold and seeing what we can glean from the outcomes.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then, just lastly on the new transmission project opportunities, is this -- I mean, there just seems to be a new industrial facility of some sort or energy facility, kind of get announced in your region, pretty much every month or so. So I am just curious kind of -- are there more of these kind of incremental behind it that could pop up?
Scott Prochazka: You know, I think it's possible. I mean, there have been several announcements made. Many of these announcements, it's still not clear yet on the siding. So as they get firmed up on siding, it may create more opportunity. But the project that we had submitted to ERCOT was based on committed projects by the customers. So it's possible that others could step in and propose and ultimately get approval and pursue, and to the extent that were to happen, that may well represent additional investment opportunity for us.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Thanks Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question will come from Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon: Hey guys. Quick follow-up; with regard to Enable, obviously keeping it if you don't get a reasonable offer is clearly an obvious choice, so is packaging it up and spinning it. And I know that the outlook for Enable has improved dramatically over the last year. But is that improved outlook, in and of itself, even if that were continued for some period of time, enough to increase your desire to keep it or do you still feel that there is a structural dissonance between a long term volatility and the potential contribution of that business versus what your core investor base wants from the underlying utility investment that they own? Wondering if I could get your thoughts on that?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. So let me just share some thoughts on that front. So the improvement we have seen in the industry and at Enable are certainly great to see and much of what they have been doing, the nature of their contracts have been going down the path of creating less volatility, which is one of the objectives we were seeking. So in that regard, it is moving in the right direction. But it is still fundamentally a different industry. It's still the Midstream space, where as the rest of our investment is in utility. So our process will continue to its natural conclusion, and then we will move forward from there. But I think it's fair to say, as you commented that improvements in the industry and changes that are occurring at Enable are both favorable for us, from an ongoing ownership perspective.
Greg Gordon: Okay, thanks guys. Take care.
Operator: The next question will come from Lasan Johong with Auvila Research. Please go ahead.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Happy Cinco de Mayo. Hope you guys get some margaritas after this. So I don't want to harp on Enable too much, but Enable is a commodities-driven business, volume and price, and so by limiting the volatility, isn't that kind of countermanding the ability to sell and maybe narrowing your pool of potential buyers?
Scott Prochazka: No I don't -- look this is probably a question that may make sense to ask Enable as well. But you know, I don't see that as affecting the value of the company. The value of the company is going to be predicated on their opportunity to invest and grow in that space. And taking some of the volatility out of their financial performance, I don't see that as deterring from the value of the company.
Lasan Johong: Great. Next question, Energy Services, if you look at the map that you guys have on the presentation, it's really impressive. But for the small matter of Northeast and Florida, the two biggest consuming areas of natural gas in this country is not covered. So I am wondering if there is a strategy in place to try and get a presence there, or if by design, CenterPoint does not want to be in those two areas?
Bill Rogers: Lasan, good morning it's Bill. I would say the current focus for our CES business is to integrate these recent acquisitions, increase offerings to customers and customer retention rate, and find opportunities on the supply side of that to help us with our margins. So that would be the current focus. Should opportunities present themselves in other geographies or within existing geographies, we will take a look at that, but that's not an active strategy at this time.
Lasan Johong: So it's not an active strategy to stay away from those areas, it's just you have better things to do with your time and money and to chase after acquisitions, before you fully integrate all business there?
Bill Rogers: Well said.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Have a great day.
David Mordy: Thank you everyone. Thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you at the upcoming AGA Conference and we now conclude our first quarter 2017 earnings call. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-03-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, Investor Relations Scott Prochazka - President and Chief Executive Officer Tracy Bridge - Executive Vice President and President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President, Gas Division Bill Rogers - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Arnold - Deutsche Bank Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Shar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Michael Lapedis - Goldman Sachs Ali Agha - SunTrust Kevin Vo - Tudor, Pickering Charles Fishman - Morningstar Nick Raza - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Thea. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2016 results and provide highlights on other key areas. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which along with our Form 10-K, have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2017. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput commodity prices, effective tax rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes, or ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the companys Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enables most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. The company does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or Enable Midstreams unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will begin on Slide 4. 2016 was a strong year for CenterPoint. On a guidance basis, EPS grew more than 5% and we finished the year at $1.16 per share versus 2015 earnings of $1.10 per share. The $1.16 represents the midpoint of our initial guidance range of $1.12 to $1.20, but the lower end of the updated guidance we provided on our third quarter call. Our full year earnings were impacted by certain fourth quarter events, which Bill will discuss in more detail during his remarks. Our utility operations contributed over 11% earnings growth on a guidance basis, finishing at $0.88 for 2016 versus $0.79 in 2015. Midstream investments exceeded expectations by earning $0.28 per share, which was at the top end of our guidance range. Today, we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance range of $1.25 to $1.33. Our forecast is built around ongoing growth contributions from both utility operations and midstream investments. For 2018, we are forecasting that our earnings momentum will continue as we expect growth in both utility operations and midstream investments. With the current and anticipated rate filings, a fully integrated energy services business and continued strong performance from Enable, we are now targeting achieving or exceeding the upper end of our 4% to 6% EPS growth rate for 2018 compared to 2017. Turning to Slide 5, our 2016 performance drivers, which were concentrated in our electric and natural gas utilities, include customer growth and rate increases associated with growth in rate base. We added more than 90,000 combined utility customers, grew rate base at approximately 5.4% and increased rate relief by $95 million. We accomplished this while earning near our authorized ROEs and while holding O&M increases to less than 2%, excluding items with revenue offsets as well as our recent acquisitions. In addition to these accomplishments, I am very proud of all the hard work that went into our two energy services transactions. These acquisitions complement our core business and are accretive to earnings at an attractive return. The integrations have been and will continue to be well executed and are expected to deliver long-term value to our customers and our shareholders. Our updated 5-year capital plan of approximately $7 billion translates to an annualized rate-based growth in excess of 5% through 2021. This projected investment reflects continued growth throughout our 6-state utility footprint. Tracy and Joe will provide capital highlights for their respective businesses. Slide 6 shows some of Enables highlights for 2016. Enable Midstream continues to be the dominant gathering and processing player in both the SCOOP and STACK plays. With 23 active rigs in some of the best returns of any of the shale plays, the SCOOP and STACK continue to fuel Enables growth. In 2016, Enable accomplished a number of goals, including increasing their fee-based margin, extending their average contract length and reducing both O&M and G&A expenses. We continue to believe Enable is well-positioned for success in their industry. They have an attractive footprint, strong balance sheet and are focused on pursuing accretive growth and maintaining solid coverage. Further, we believe that North American commodity resources are cost advantaged over foreign alternatives. Plus the evolving regulatory environment should encourage additional production, which in turn benefits the midstream sector. Turning to Slide 7, a year ago, we announced our intention to evaluate ownership alternatives for our midstream investment segment. This evaluation was driven by our desire to reduce earnings volatility associated with our ownership interest in Enable. As such, our criteria for completing a sale or spin of our midstream investments include achieving comparable earnings and dividends per share; improving the visibility of future earnings; and lowering overall earnings volatility, all while seeking to maintain current credit ratings. We continue to have dialogue with interested parties and we will evaluate OGEs recent offer made pursuant to the ROFO terms of our partnership agreement. We also continue our work to understand tax characteristics and market implications of a spin. If we determine that neither a sale nor a spin would fulfill our criteria, our third path will be to maintain our stake in Enable and continue to support efforts to reduce exposure to commodity price influences. While the process is taking longer than originally anticipated, we expect to clarify which path we are on by the second quarter earnings call. As we have disclosed, Joe McGoldrick, who leads our Gas Division, will officially retire tomorrow after 38 years of service with CenterPoint and its predecessor companies. Joe has been an exceptional leader and highly valued member of the companys executive committee. His deep industry knowledge and sharp business mind will be missed. Joes responsibilities will be separated into two roles. Scott Doyle, who has more than 20 years of electric and natural gas experience with the company and most recently, led our Regulatory and Public Affairs Departments, will head up the Natural Gas Distribution business. Joe Vortherms who has been with the company for 29 years, will continue to lead our growing energy services businesses. Joe has extensive experience across multiple areas of our gas business and also led the two recent gas marketing transactions. I will close by expressing my appreciation to everyone in Houston who made Super Bowl 51 a success. The world saw Houston at its best as it prepared for and hosted this special event. We were proud to do our part behind the scenes and we look forward to working with the City of Minneapolis as they prepare for Super Bowl 52 in 2018. Tracy will now update you on electric operations.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. 2016 was another strong year for Houston Electric. Turning to Slide 9, Houston Electrics core operating income was $537 million in 2016 compared to $502 million in 2015, an increase of 7% year-over-year. The business benefited in 2016 from rate relief, customer growth and higher equity return, primarily due to true-up proceeds. These benefits were partially offset by higher depreciation and other taxes, higher O&M expenses and lower right of way revenues. Houston Electric added over 54,000 metered customers last year, representing 2.3% growth since the fourth quarter of 2015. This year, we are forecasting 2% customer growth, which equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental base revenue. I am pleased to report we managed O&M expense growth to under 1% versus 2015, excluding expenses that have revenue offsets. This year we are focused on keeping annual O&M growth under 2%. In 2016, Houston Electric used both of our cost recovery mechanisms, transmission cost of service or TCOS, and distribution cost recovery factor, or DCRF, for timely rate relief. A complete overview of regulatory developments in 2016 can be found on Slide 29. In December, we filed TCOS for $7.8 million in an annualized rate relief for transmission capital invested in 2016. We expect to file DCRF in April and TCOS in the second quarter of 2017. Turning to Slide 10, Houston Electric invested $858 million of capital in 2016, including $72 million related to the Brazos Valley Connection project, a nearly 60-mile transmission project. In response to ongoing customer and load growth, Houston Electric will continue to invest significant capital to ensure our system as safe, resilient and reliable. Our new 5-year plan includes $4.1 billion of capital investment. We anticipate capital investment in 2017 and 2018 will be higher than later years in the 5-year plan due to our investment in the Brazos Valley Connection project. We began construction this month and the project is proceeding as scheduled. Total capital investment in the project is expected to be $310 million. We expect to complete construction and energize the Brazos Valley Connection by June 2018. As shown on Slide 11, our planned capital investments translate to projected rate-based growth of approximately 5% on a compound annual growth basis through 2021. I am very pleased with Houston Electrics strong operational and financial results in 2016 and we expect continued growth in the coming years. I will now turn the call over to Joe for an update on natural gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. As we have previously mentioned, we expected natural gas operations to be an earnings catalyst in 2016 and we delivered. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our natural gas distribution business and our non-regulated energy services business, had a strong year.  Turning to Slide 13, natural gas distributions operating income was $303 million in 2016 compared to $273 million in 2015, an increase of 11% year-over-year, despite continued extremely mild temperatures across our service territories. The business benefited from rate relief, revenue from decoupling mechanisms, lower bad debt expense and customer growth. These benefits were partially offset by increased depreciation, higher labor and benefits expenses and increased contract services expense related to pipeline integrity and system safety. Natural gas distribution added over 35,000 metered customers last year, representing 1% growth since the fourth quarter of 2015. Natural gas distribution is forecasting 1% annual customer growth again in 2017. O&M expenses in 2016 were approximately 2% higher than 2015, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. O&M expense discipline remains a priority of the business and I am very pleased with the improvements that we have made in our credit and collections processes as one example of that disciplined approach. Natural gas distributions multi-jurisdictional regulatory strategy resulted in strong rate relief in 2016. For a complete overview of regulatory developments in 2016, please see Slides 30 and 31. In November, we filed a Texas Gulf Rate Case that seeks to combine our operationally and geographically aligned Houston and Texas Coast jurisdictions. This case was required based on a prior settlement with the City of Houston and we had exhausted the statutorily allowed GRIP filings there, requiring us to establish new base rates. The filing seeks to recover $31 million in rate relief, including recovery of deferred expenses and changes in depreciation rates and a requested ROE of 10.25%. The final order is expected in the second quarter of 2017. Though we are unable to file GRIP in the Texas Gulf area during the rate proceeding, we expect to file GRIP in South Texas and East Texas in the second quarter and a rate case in South Texas in the fourth quarter. In April, we will make our first Formula Rate Plan filing, or FRP, in Arkansas. We also anticipate filing a rate case in Minnesota later this year. During 2017, natural gas distribution is unlikely to repeat 2016s performance in terms of new incremental rate relief as a result of the time required to prosecute the rate case in Texas and the corresponding delay in GRIP filings. Turning to Slide 14, we invested $510 million in natural gas distribution last year, back to a more normal level after completing our automated meter-reading capital project in 2015. Our new 5-year plan includes $2.7 billion of capital expenditures and reflects consistent annual investment. We are prioritizing capital investments that focus on safety, reliability and growth. As a result of our capital plan, as you can see on Slide 15, rate base is projected to grow at a 6.6% compound annual growth rate through 2021. Turning to Slide 16, energy services delivered solid results in 2016. Operating income was $41 million in 2016 compared to $38 million in 2015, excluding a mark-to-market loss of $21 million and a gain of $4 million respectively and despite incurring $3 million of O&M expenses and $3 million of amortization expenses, specifically related to acquisition and integration costs. The $3 million improvement is due in part to the acquisition of Continuums retail energy services business. In January, we closed on the acquisition of Atmos Energy Marketing, or AEM. With similar business models and a commitment to customer service, AEM is the strategic fit for energy services that will allow us to access new markets and expand customer segments. Similar to the Continuum transaction, the AEM acquisition is expected to be modestly accretive in the first year even after accounting for integration expenses. Both of our recent transactions have positioned us to effectively serve our customers as well as improve margins and throughput. We expect to capture synergies and reduced G&A over time as we leverage economies of scale while maintaining our low value at risk, cost-effective organizational structure. We anticipate energy services will contribute $45 million to $55 million in operating income in 2017. I am very pleased with natural gas operational performance in 2016. We expect strong growth going forward as we continue to focus on financial and operational performance. Before I turn the call over to Bill, I would like to thank all the investors and analysts that I worked with over the years. Without you, we cannot grow our business. I have enjoyed a long and fulfilling career in a great company and I always tried to make a difference and lead by example. I am confident that Scott Doyle and Joe Vortherms will do the same. I will now turn the call over to Bill who will cover financial activities.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe and congratulations on a distinguished career service for our CenterPoint customers. Good morning to everyone. I will start with the reconciliation of our GAAP and guidance earnings for the fourth quarter and for the full year as provided on Slide 18. This morning, we reported $0.23 of earnings per diluted share on a GAAP basis and $0.26 in earnings per share on a guidance basis for the fourth quarter. This compares to a GAAP loss of $1.18 and a guidance basis income of $0.27 for the fourth quarter of 2015. In fourth quarter 2016, we add back $0.01 of mark-to-market adjustments from our energy services business and $0.02 of ZENS-related adjustments in order to arrive at fourth quarter 2016 earnings on a guidance basis of $0.26. In fourth quarter 2015, we added back $1.44 associated with the impairment of our investment in Enable and $0.01 per share loss related to ZENS for $0.27. For the full year 2016, we reported $1 in earnings per diluted share on a GAAP basis and $1.16 per share on a guidance basis. This compares to a GAAP loss of $1.61 and a guidance basis earnings per share of $1.10 for the full year 2015. For 2016, we add back $0.03 of mark-to-market adjustments from our energy service business and $0.13 of ZENS-related adjustments to arrive at our 2016 earnings on a guidance basis. For 2015, we added back the full year impairment loss of $2.69 and a net loss of $0.03 associated with ZENS. We also subtracted $0.01 of mark-to-market gains to arrive at a guidance basis EPS of $1.10 for 2015. Whether the comparison is on a GAAP or guidance basis, we had solid earnings performance improvement in 2016 relative to 2015 and that includes certain one-time events in the fourth quarter of 16 that I will address shortly. Next, we move to Slide 19 and I will summarize comments from Scott, Tracy and Joe to review utility operations performance and the contributions that take us from $0.79 of utility operations guidance EPS in 2015 to $0.88 in 2016. Core operating income improvements, excluding amounts associated with equity return, equates to a net $0.08 accretion. We had further $0.03 improvement from equity return, primarily related to true-up proceeds and we had a $0.03 improvement as a result of our $363 million investment in Enable 10% preferred securities, which closed in the first quarter of 16. Debt refinancing and balance sheet management reduced our year-on-year interest expense by $0.02. That interest expense savings is inclusive of an increase of debt of approximately $200 million. The year-on-year earnings improvements were partially offset by a fourth quarter $22 million pre-tax or $0.03 per share after-tax charge for a redemption premium to retire $300 million of debt that would otherwise mature in 2018. The other category total reduction of $0.04 a share and this category includes higher income taxes and lower other income. Now turning our attention to Slide 20, we show the combined $0.09 utility benefit and the $0.03 year-on-year decline for our midstream investments bridging the $1.10 of 2015 EPS guidance to the $1.16 of 2016 EPS guidance. The components of our year-on-year decline of $0.03 related to midstream began with a $0.06 year-on-year increase from basis difference accretion that was triggered by a 2015 impairment charges. On a going forward basis, accretion will be $0.07 a share, assuming no further impairments, our current effective tax rate and our current share count. This increase was more than offset by a $0.02 per share tax adjustment, including amounts associated with Louisiana income at the Enable level. Further, in 2016, Enable had a mark-to-market accounting losses relative to its gains in 2015. These 2016 losses on mark-to-market accounting relative to 2015 gains resulted in a year-on-year difference of $0.07. On Slide 21, we review our balance sheet strength and financing plans. We are very pleased that funds from operations to debt increased to 24% in 2016 versus 23% for 2015. Although we do not expect future years FFO debt metric to be as strong, we continue to target a minimum 18% to 20% FFO to debt in order to maintain or improve existing credit ratings as well as maintain our debt capacity within our credit ratings. We continue to look for opportunities to reduce interest expense. For example, in 2016, we had over $600 million of above 6% debt that was retired and our new issued 2016 financing all at the CE level, had coupons of 1.85% and 2.4%. Our fourth quarter redemption of 6.5% debt otherwise maturing in 2018 is another example of thoughtful balance sheet management. Now moving forward to 2017, we anticipate $200 million to $500 million of incremental borrowings to support our approximately $1.5 billion capital program and our recent acquisition of Atmos Energy Marketing. Although we anticipate higher debt by year end 2017, we expect interest expense to decrease given recent refinancing activity and the coupons on 2017 maturities relative to the current interest rate forward curve. We do not anticipate issuing equity in 2017 or 2018 as we expect credit metrics to be at or above our targets. With respect to our dividend, in January, we declared a dividend with a 4% increase relative to the most recent paid quarterly dividend. We target competitive increases in our dividend. And with our earnings growth, we anticipate the payout ratio to decline as a result of our forecasted earnings momentum. Moving to Slide 22, we are reiterating our 2017 full year guidance range of $1.25 to $1.33. This is comprised of $0.93 to $0.97 for utility operations and $0.31 to $0.37 for midstream investments. The growth in utility operations guidance range to the 2017 midpoint of $0.95 has a number of drivers beyond utility rate relief and customer growth. We anticipate energy services will deliver $45 million to $55 million of operating income for 2017 versus $41 million in 2016 after adjusting for the 2016 mark-to-market loss. This forecasted increase is both a result of recent acquisitions and expected higher operating income margin. We expect to receive a full year of preferred dividends from Enable in 2017. The additional full quarterly payment is an increase of approximately $9 million in net income. As previously discussed, we anticipate capturing additional interest expense savings providing $10 million to $20 million of net income benefit. Midstreams investment range is a direct translation of Enables $315 million to $385 million net income guidance attributable to unitholders. We then apply CenterPoints 54% share of the LP units at basis difference accretion and tax affect the result. Lastly, our 2017 effective tax rate should be 36%. With that review of 2017 drivers, looking forward to 2018, as Scott stated earlier in the call, we are targeting to achieve or exceed the upper end of our 4% to 6% EPS growth rate in 2018 over actual performance in 2017. Finally, we appreciate that many of you are closely watching the potential for comprehensive tax reform. We have prepared a few slides to explain CenterPoints current tax position from an income statement, cash payment and balance sheet perspective, beginning on Slide 24. I have previously discussed our 2016 and projected 2017 effective tax rate. For 2016, CenterPoints cash tax rate was approximately 4%. This is significantly lower than the statutory rate and is primarily a result of bonus depreciation and tax yield provided by Enable. Having provided that, its important to note that CenterPoint is now and is expected to be a cash taxpayer. At the end of 2016, we had no remaining federal tariff  federal tax carryforwards and we do not have tax credits. With respect to our investment in the Enable partnership, the taxable income is based on their tax elections at the partnership level. These elections currently include bonus appreciation. We provide our deferred tax liability and deferred tax asset disclosure on Slide 25. This is substantially the same disclosure in our Form 10-K filed this morning, with the separation of the deferred tax assets and liabilities into utility-related and non-utility-related columns. The majority of our deferred tax liabilities are not related to our utilities. A lower corporate tax rate for these non-utility-related items will likely be recognized as an income statement benefit or other comprehensive income, strengthening our balance sheet and reducing associated cash taxes over time. A lower corporate tax rate for our regulated utility-related investments would likely result in a lower deferred tax liability with an associated and equal increase in regulatory liabilities. These regulatory liabilities would be amortized over time providing lower rates for our customers. Next, I will move to Slide 26. We have made three basic assumptions to provide a directional view of financial results from contemplated comprehensive tax reform relative to our current forecast. These assumptions are lower corporate tax rate of 20%, the election to deduct 100% of capital expenditures and the disallowance of existing and future interest expense. We would expect the loss of interest expense deduction to be a permanent item and therefore increase our effective tax rate relative to the new lower statutory rate. Under only those basic assumptions, the impact to CenterPoint should be a stronger balance sheet, greater earnings per share from a lower effective tax rate and lower cash taxes as a result of both lower statutory rates and the capital expenditure deduction. Under our current capital plan, the rate of growth in our rate base would modestly decline as a result of the increase in deferred tax liability and associated offset to rate base. As I stated, all of these directional assumptions are relative to our current forecast and are based on our current business mix. And none of this is to suggest we have any insight into comprehensive tax reform or its timing, if at all. I will close by reminding you of the $0.2675 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 5. This represents a 4% increase over the previous quarterly dividend, consistent with our 4% increases in 2015 and 2016 and marks the 12th consecutive year we have increased our dividend. With that, I will now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Thea?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question will come from Jonathan Arnold with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Arnold: Yes, good morning guys.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Arnold: Just a quick one, Scott, I think you said you expected to give an update on your decision on direction with Enable on the second quarter call. Did you mean the call that will take place in the second quarter or the actual reporting of second quarter earnings in Q3?
Scott Prochazka: It would be the reporting of the second quarter earnings in Q3. We anticipate the exercise would be virtually completed or essentially completed by the second quarter, but our first opportunity to discuss it would be in the third quarter call  or the second quarter call, sorry.
Jonathan Arnold: Sorry about that. I just wanted to clarify. And then could you also just talk about how you have thought about Enable in making the statement on 2018 growing at the high-end off of whatever you earn in 17? Does that contemplate current status or you think you could be there in an exit scenario whats the  what should we take from that?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, Jonathan, we assumed that the performance of Enable continues to be strong, but we did do some testing of various performance levels of Enable and have concluded that under a number of gross scenarios for Enable, including very modest growth, we would still be able to achieve that.
Jonathan Arnold: Do you think you would be able to achieve that in the longer held to position for 2018? Is that  should we assume that too?
Scott Prochazka: Well, I think under that scenario, you have got a very different picture to look at. But as I have told you, to the extent that we move forward with an opportunity around the transaction, our objectives were to maintain comparable earnings and dividend.
Jonathan Arnold: I saw that. So I guess we take this as a statement that should be  should apply in all scenarios?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, thats a fair way to look at it.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay, thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hey, Scott, Bill. How are you?
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: So, first, just technical question, what was the year end tax basis for Enable?
Scott Prochazka: Steve, I am looking at Bill. I think he is trying to find that number at the moment.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And maybe in the meantime, just  in terms of just thinking about what you are going to know by the second quarter versus what you know now. I mean, I dont know if tax reform is something that you need to know for things like the spin or I guess I am just a little confused like why hasnt something happened now and what are things that could happen in the next quarter or two that suddenly you will have an answer by then?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So Steve, its not connected to clarity around tax policy. This is just the ongoing dialogue we have been having with parties. And our estimate of when we believe that would come to an end. It has nothing to do with tax. In fact, as we have mentioned, this review is really around trying to address the volatility of earnings and we are going to conclude this even without having clarity on what the future tax policy may look like.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then I guess Bill, do you have the Enable answer?
Bill Rogers: I have that, Steve. Steve, thats within our footnote on income taxes. And best way to think about it is the deferred tax liability is $1.38 billion and the other piece of data you need on that is where we record the investment in Enable thats in our assets on our balance sheet and thats equivalent of $10.71 a share at year end.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just when you look at the plan for 2017 or 2018, can you give us a sense of just where your earned returns are and just kind of make sure comfort that those are going to be okay? I dont think you need to  as part of your reviews like DCRF or TCOS or whatever, there is no real kind of review of returns, right?
Bill Rogers: Yes. Steve, the mechanism that has a return review would be the DCRF. So, we cannot make a DCRF filing if we are earning over our authorized return per our EMR that we filed. Thats the one that has the structured limitation to it. That said we do anticipate filing DCRF this year.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Scott Prochazka: And Steve, our expected return on equity within the equity calculation for rate base would be within 25 basis points to 100 basis points less than our allowed return depending upon the entity.
Steve Fleishman: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: The next question will come from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Shar, good morning.
Shar Pourreza: Just to confirm your growth guidance, your trajectory for 18 doesnt assume any sort of tax policy changes including some of the accretion that you may anticipate? And then when you think about longer term growth, how we should think about that when you got sort of a front-end loaded CapEx picture as far as on the electric side how we should think about the trajectory a little bit further out?
Scott Prochazka: Shar, I will answer the first part of that. I will ask Bill to comment on the second. The first part is no, we do not assume as we look to 17 or 18 forecasted or projected targeted growth performance that there is any form of change in tax policy. Bill, you want to comment on the second part of that?
Bill Rogers: Yes. With respect to the longer term growth, I think your anchor point should be the rate of rate based growth and we would expect earnings contribution to grow approximately 1% less than that.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, thats helpful. And then sorry if I missed this, but what was the O&M guidance for the gas business for 17? And then when you look at the utility in general, how we should think about cost inflation for your 5-year plan?
Joe McGoldrick: Yes. Shar, this is Joe. We remain committed to managing O&M on a very disciplined way. And so that will be approximately 2%, perhaps slightly above that in some years given the activity around pipeline integrity expenses. But we will do everything we can to continue with strong O&M discipline that we have been executing on in the past.
Shar Pourreza: Thanks guys. Congratulations on the results.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Michael Lapedis with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, congrats on a good 2016. One question, I want to make sure I understand for energy services, what is included and if anything, what is not included in your 2017 guidance, are you including all of the impacts of both Continuum and AEMs acquisition in the 17 guidance?
Scott Prochazka: Michael, this is Scott. Good morning. Yes, we have factored in the net impact of all of that in our comments around 2017 performance, which includes essentially an integrated Continuum and then the effects of the integration process associated with AEM. And we think AEM will be  I will describe it as modestly accretive this year. But all of that is included in the numbers that we provided.
Michael Lapides: And do you think that business has a different growth rate than the gas distribution business does?
Scott Prochazka: I think that has the potential to grow at or slightly stronger than our utility business. Its really predicated on opportunities that come as a result of additional scale. But I would say its very close in growth rate. Its not something thats dramatically different.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And different topic and this one may be for Bill, when I look at your debt schedule, both at CERC, even a little bit at CE and not much left at the parent, but you still got a number of tranches kind of in almost 6% range up to the high-6s, almost to the 6.9% and it doesnt look like the make-wholes are really that expensive, just kind of treasury yield, plus 20 basis points to 35 basis points or so, how are you thinking about refinancing what effectively is high cost debt in this environment and kind of the timeline for taking some of that out?
Bill Rogers: Great. So first, you are right. We do have, well, I think in todays environment, what might be considered high-coupon debt, the debt that just matured in February of this year at a coupon of 5.95%. The debt that matures in November has a coupon of 6.8%. We think about that as an investment decision. And if its net present value positive on a cash-on-cash basis to redeem debt early, then we will do that. And thats exactly how we thought about it in late 2016 when we executed the make-whole call and redeemed $300 million of debt. It was a $22 million charge to our earnings, but it was a net present value positive decision on our part.
Michael Lapides: And was that $22 million charge, was that all cash?
Bill Rogers: Yes.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And the only reason why I ask is that the debt  a lot of the refinancing opportunities that may exist right now are actually either at CERC or at CE meaning not necessarily as much at the parent because you have done a good job of dealing with parent debt, it strikes me that would refinancing a lot of that debt down at the OpCos would give you the opportunity over time, especially as you go in for rate relief to potentially impact customer bills, maybe alleviate any upward pressure on customer bills due to the investments you are making and maybe even give you more headroom to increase the amount of capital you deploy?
Bill Rogers: You are correct. And we take a look at those opportunities regularly and should they be NPV positive for the customer, in the case of CE and our CERC-related gas utilities, then we will redeem that debt and refinance it. And in that case, there will be no charge to earnings.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks Bill. Much appreciated.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Scott, coming back to your thinking through on the Enable ownership, obviously you guys have been looking at it for a while now and one of the impediments and then you alluded to that again as being the tax leakage associated with that, particularly the sale for cash, is it fair to assume that that scenario is probably not high on the table given the tax leakage implications and perhaps sale for stock or spin-off, if you are going to do anything are the two most likely outcomes?
Scott Prochazka: We havent handicapped each of these individually, but we have certainly been clear about the challenges we have with a cash sale from a tax leakage standpoint. So I would say your characterization is perhaps accurate. We do continue to have the challenges associated with the tax leakage if we were to pursue a sale as you pointed out.
Ali Agha: Yes. And on the OG&E ROFO they have had their ROFO before you guys decided not to take in some of the other way and now they have come back with the ROFO second time around, I mean again, is that procedural or is that something as a real option given that we have already been through this exercise before with them?
Bill Rogers: Ali, Its Bill. That is largely procedural. If we intend to have discussions with third-parties, then under our partnership agreements, our partner has a Right of First Offer. And so while we are having those discussions and dont complete a transaction within a time limit, we will need to give them another Right of First Offer.
Ali Agha: Alright. And so Bill, fair to say  I mean this is just the same ROFO thats come back again?
Bill Rogers: Thats correct.
Ali Agha: I see. And then Scott, also to be clear on your comments, as you mentioned if none of these options comes to conclusion, doing nothing and working with the system is an option, am I to read into that, that thats probably become a bigger option today than maybe both when you started the process, I mean are you committed to doing something or doing nothing may end up being the best option after all?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I think we have been pretty consistent about expressing that any of these are viable options. But the real gating item here is whether something other than retaining our ownership would allow us to achieve the objectives we have laid out. If we cant achieve the objectives we set forth, then our option of maintaining our ownership and continuing to work with Enable to be less volatile is certainly a very viable path. We have been doing that all along quite frankly. And they have had some great successes in the efforts that they have made in 2016 to just do that. And that effort would continue going forward.
Ali Agha: Okay. And last question, again just to round this out, is it fair to say that the fact that its taken longer than expected has been to try to figure out the most tax efficient way of making an exit if possible, has that really been the issue thats held you guys back?
Scott Prochazka: We  for practical purposes, we didnt really werent able to start this process until the latter part of the summer last year. Shortly after we made the announcement, the market fell off precipitously and we needed to have a viable forecast from Enable that we could use in these discussions. So we werent really able to start anything until the August timeframe of last year. So we are not as far into this as it appears we might be, but we are committed to working this through and exploring the various options that we have. And we will make our decisions accordingly based on our ability to achieve those objectives.
Ali Agha: Understood. Thank you.
Bill Rogers: Thanks Ali.
Operator: The next question will come from Kevin Vo with Tudor, Pickering.
Kevin Vo: Hi, good morning.
Bill Rogers: Kevin, god morning.
Kevin Vo: Just following-up on Alis question on Enable, did you  I know you mentioned how the decision will likely come before any potential tax reform, could you kind of just walk us through how the tax reform sits lower the tax leakage at all from Enable from a sale of Enable, how should we think about the impact there?
Bill Rogers: Kevin, its Bill. So, on a cash sale of Enable, assuming we had a lower statutory rate and that statutory rate was also the capital gains rate for corporations, then that would lower our tax bill.
Kevin Vo: Okay, thats all the  thats the questions I had. Thank you.
Bill Rogers: Right. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Hi good morning. Since my questions on Enable have been answered, let me just give one to Joe before he gets out to dodge?
Joe McGoldrick: Okay.
Charles Fishman: Joe, a couple of years ago, you instituted that you were able to get  together with the Minnesota commission, get a decoupling mechanism for weather and if memory serves me, this might be your first winter where thats really going to come in handy, is that working, do you anticipate it working to your expectations this winter?
Joe McGoldrick: Yes. Charles, your memory is good. This is in fact. We have had it in place for almost a year now and it benefited us last year as well. And obviously with these mild temperatures this year, it will also continue to be a benefit. So as I said in my remarks, we had a great 2016 despite these mild temps and that was in large part due to the Minnesota decoupling. And we recently got, it was a $25 million true-up that was approved last fall that we had begun to build under that mechanism. And its a 3-year pilot, so we are hopeful that we can translate that into a permanent tariff after that 3-year period expires.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then just sort of as a follow-up with transmission loop around Minneapolis that you are working on, where does that stand?
Joe McGoldrick: The Belt Line project continues to go well. We are actually a little bit ahead of schedule. I cant remember the exact date as to when that will conclude. But we are spending significant capital on that, replacing that 60 or plus so miles loop around the City in Minneapolis. And everything is on track, if not ahead of schedule.
Charles Fishman: And you are on the home stretch of that, arent you, just another 1 year or 2 years?
Joe McGoldrick: No, there is more than that. There is about 4 years or 5 more years, Charles.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thank you. Thats all I had. And good luck Joe.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from Nick Raza with Citigroup.
Nick Raza: Thank you, guys. Just a couple of quick follow-ups, on Enable, assuming that a transaction does occur, is there a thought around what you would do with the prefers you currently own with the company?
Scott Prochazka: Bill?
Bill Rogers: Nick, its Bill. Should there be a transaction we could go one of two directions, we could continue to own a preferred and make sure that we are protected in a right way by its current non-cumulative feature. And so we have built that into the original structure that we negotiated with Enable or we could include that preferred in, lets say, other transaction with another party.
Nick Raza: Okay. And that would effectively reduce the tax basis, correct?
Bill Rogers: The preferred, has its own tax basis.
Nick Raza: Okay, fair enough. And then I guess, if I look at slides 15 and 14, the rate base is growing on average about 200 to, call it 250 and I guess you are spending about $534 million a year, pretty flat for the natural gas distribution, but if I take out the system maintenance and improvements, thats only about $100 million, am I missing something?
Scott Prochazka: You are looking at Slide 14.
Nick Raza: Slide 14 and 15.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So you are correct. The majority of the spend is in that blue category, if thats what you are trying to confirm.
Nick Raza: Well, I guess what I am getting at is that if I take this as maintenance and improvements out, you only have about $100 million left, so I mean how does the rate base going from $2.8 billion to $3.7 billion, which is an average of about $200 million a year of growth, I am sure its probably something that I am missing?
Joe McGoldrick: Nick this is Joe. I think you are just trying to back into the rate base number, it would be for the most part, its CapEx minus D&A and deferred taxes and all of them.
Bill Rogers: Hi. Its Bill. I mean just to jump in here and follow-on Joe McGoldricks comments. Rate base is the CapEx less depreciation, less deferred taxes.
Nick Raza: Okay. And then I guess thats actually a good segue, in terms of your current deferred tax liabilities on Slide 25, I understand it was $2.3 billion is in the utility business, where is most of that located, is it transmission distribution or natural gas distribution?
Scott Prochazka: Well, its across all asset classes. But you can see the really, the majority of that is in PP&E. As disclosed both on this table on 25 as well as our tax footnote.
Nick Raza: Okay. And you mentioned there would be a liability, should there be a tax relief presented out there could be a reduction in rate, do you know what that would be if all this deferred tax liability would go away in terms of percentage rate reduction?
Scott Prochazka: That would depend on when new rates are set. So it would be either a matter of going through our mechanisms that we have in the gas utilities or through general rate cases. And I said regulatory liabilities because they would likely be different regulatory liabilities depending upon the nature of the original deferred tax liability. And the amortization of that life of the regulatory liability will be part of the rate case and/or the mechanism.
Nick Raza: Okay, fair enough. Alright, thanks guys.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Nick.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys fourth quarter and full year 2016 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Tracy Bridge - EVP and President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick - EVP and President, Gas Division Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets Abe Azar - Deutsche Bank Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co Nick Raza - Citigroup Charles Fishman - Morningstar Lason Johong - Auvila Research Noah Hauser - Decade Capital Management
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy.
David Mordy: Thank you, Sophia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. We recognize this is a busy day for earnings calls, so we especially appreciate your interest in CenterPoint. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our third quarter 2016 results and provide highlights on other key areas. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investor section on our website CenterPointEnergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which, along with our Form 10-Q, have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors Section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2016. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to date and significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of zero premium exchangeable subordinated notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the companys Energy Service business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enables most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. The company does not include other potential impacts such as any changes in accounting standards or Enable Midstreams unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will begin on Slide 4. This morning we reported third-quarter 2016 net income of $179 million or $0.41 per diluted share compared with a loss of $391 million or a loss of $0.91 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. The 2015 loss is inclusive of impairment charges related to Midstream Investments. On a guidance basis third quarter 2016 adjusted earnings were $177 million or $0.41 per diluted share compared with adjusted earnings of $146 million or $0.34 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Utility operations and Midstream Investments both performed well this quarter. We had strong contribution from Houston Electric during their peak season as well as solid results from gas distribution and energy services. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.31 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2016, compared to $0.24 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year, improving $0.07 per share. Our strong third-quarter utility performance was driven by a number of factors. We continue to see solid customer growth in both our electric and gas utilities. Combined, our utilities added over 86,000 metered customers during the last 12 months. Capital expenditures remained strong as we invest to meet growth, safety and reliability needs within our service territories. Rate relief driven by capital investment continues to be an important contributor to earnings growth. Tracy and Joe will provide additional regulatory updates for their business segments later in the call. Slide 5 provides some of the highlights from Enable's third quarter results. Midstream investments contributed $0.10 per diluted share for both the third quarter of 2016 and the same period of last year. On their third quarter call Wednesday, Enable guided to the midpoint of their previous 2016 guidance for net income attributable to unit holders. This equates to the high end of our guidance range for Midstream Investments. For the first three quarters of 2016 Enable has achieved a coverage ratio of 1.26 times. Enable also provided an initial estimate for 2017 net income attributable to unit holders, which represents notable growth over their estimate for 2016. Their 2017 forecast is driven by several favorable developments. Rig counts continue to increase. The number of rigs contractually dedicated to Enable rose more than 13% during the last quarter. Enable also signed a new 10-year gathering and processing agreement in the STACK, replacing an existing percent of proceeds contract and adding 61,000 additional gross dedicated acres to their STACK footprint. The terms of the contract increases their fee-based margin and reduces their commodity exposure. We're very pleased to see these improvements and a positive impact it has on their 2017 forecast. On Monday we announced the purchase of Atmos Energy Marketing from Atmos Energy. Our gas marketing and sales business continues to be a steady contributor to earnings growth and as a valuable complement to the organic growth of our natural gas utilities. Joe will share more about this purchase in his remarks. As most of you are aware, in February we announced our intention to evaluate strategic alternatives for our Midstream investment segment, our objective is two-fold; first explore ways to reduce CenterPoint share price volatility caused by commodity price impacts on Enable's earnings and unit price and second, only take action if we can create sustained value for our long-term shareholders. The options open for consideration are a sale, a spin of new company containing CenterPoint's stake in Enable or keep our current stake in Enable and work to reduce exposure to commodity price influences. That process continues and Bill will provide more detail on the sale evaluation process and tax considerations in connection with the spin. Turning to Slide 6, given the year-to-date performance and outlook for both utility operations and Midstream investments, we are updating our 2016 full-year earnings guidance to $1.16 to $1.20 per diluted share. Our investors value consistent steady growth and we continue to target 4% to 6% annual earnings growth through 2018. Tracy will now update you on Houston Electric.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. I am pleased with Houston Electric's operational and financial results this quarter. Starting on Slide 8, core operating income in the third quarter of 2016 was $234 million compared with $219 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from rate relief, customer growth and higher equity return, primarily related to true-up proceeds. These benefits were partially offset by higher depreciation and other taxes. By the time, we have our next earnings call, Houston will have posted Super Bowl 51. It's great to see Houston getting ready with enhancements throughout the City. Houston's growing economy continues to require substantial electric infrastructure improvements and capital investment. Through the end of the third quarter, we've invested $638 million in capital and our meter count is up 2% from the third quarter of 2015. As a reminder 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. O&M expense in the third quarter 2016 was 1.7% higher than the same period last year, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We continue to focus on keeping annual O&M growth under 2%. Slide 9 provides an overview of regulatory developments year-to-date. Our regulatory strategy remains on track, since the last earnings call, we received approval for our July transmission cost of service or TCost filing, adjusted rates from our TCost filing as well as our April distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF filing went into effect in September. Additionally, we recently received approval for our $10.6 million energy efficiency performance incentive and we will recognize those earnings in the fourth quarter. Joe will now update you on the results for natural gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our natural gas distribution business and our non-regulated energy services business had strong third quarter. Turning to Slide 11 natural gas distribution's third quarter operating income was $22 million compared to $11 million for the same period in 2015. Operating income was higher due to several factors including rate relief, revenue from decoupling mechanisms, lower bad debt expense and lower sales and use tax. These increases were partially offset by higher depreciation and labor and benefits expense. We continue to see solid natural gas distribution customer growth of approximately 1% having added nearly 35,000 customers since the third quarter of 2015. O&M expenses were approximately 1.5% higher in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the same period last year, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. Despite the quarter-to-quarter variability that can occur, O&M expense discipline remains a priority. We continue to benefit from our long-standing regulatory strategy of utilizing constructive rate mechanisms like decoupling mechanisms in Arkansas and Minnesota that contributed to our earnings this quarter. For a complete overview of regulatory developments this year, please see Slides 12 and 13. I'll speak to few of the highlights. In September, we received a final order for our Arkansas rate case, which provided for an annual increase of $14.2 million. This increase implemented in September reflects a 9.5% ROE. It also established a formula rate tariff, which allows rates to be adjusted based on a plus or minus 50 basis points banded ROE approach in a projected test year. In Minnesota, the $12.7 million conservation improvement program incentive, which we filed in May 2016 was approved by the Minnesota Commission and recognized in the third quarter this year. Later this month we plan to file a Houston in Texas coast rate case that seeks to combine two rate jurisdictions that are operationally and geographically aligned. We're required to file a rate case in our Houston jurisdiction and once finalized this case will reset rate base and allow us to utilize the GRIP mechanism in the future. We do not anticipate receiving incremental GRIP revenues in these two jurisdictions while the case is active. Because we have not filed the rate case yet we cannot share any further details at this time. Turning to Slide 14, operating income for energy services business was $7 million for third quarter of 2016 compared with $2 million for the same period last year and excluding the mark-to-market loss of $2 million and a gain of $5 million respectively. As announced on Monday, weve signed an agreement with Atmos Energy to acquire their retail energy services business, Atmos Energy Marketing or AEM. This business is complementary to our existing energy services business and will allow us to grow our customer base and revenues while maintaining a low operating model and a cost-effective organization. This deal will increase our scale, geographic reach and expand our capabilities. We are particularly excited about AEMs impressive large industrial customer mix and their talented and experienced employees. Energy Services continues to be a steady and growing contributor to CenterPoints earnings growth. I'll close by pointing out that Envision and Houston Electric being the host electric utility serving the upcoming Super Bowl, gas distribution will also be serving at Super Bowl in Houston as well as Super Bowl LII in Minneapolis at U.S. Bank Stadium. I'll now turn the call over to Bill who will cover financial performance and forecasts.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe and good morning, everyone. I will begin on Slide 16. Today we reported third quarter 2016 earnings of $0.41 per diluted share. On a guidance basis, earnings were also $0.41 per diluted share versus $0.34 for third quarter 2015. Guidance basis earnings per share increased $0.07 for our utility operations segment compared to last year. Our Midstream Investments segment was $0.10 per share for this quarter and for third quarter 2015. As Tracy and Joe discussed, combined core operating income improved $31 million excluding mark-to-market adjustments. Year-to-date, we have delivered $0.90 in guidance basis EPS, consisting of $0.68 in utility operations earnings and $0.22 in Midstream Investment earnings. We are updating our full-year 2016 EPS guidance range to a $1.16 to a $1. 20. Based on the strength of our combined performance year-to-date our expectations for the fourth quarter and Enables recent confirmation of its 2016 guidance. We are also confirming our year-over-year EPS growth target of 4% to 6% in 2017 and 2018. Dividend increases will come with earnings growth at a rate that allows us to gradually move our payout ratio lower. As Scott and Joe have mentioned we announced an agreement to purchase Atmos Energy Marketing on Monday. We plan to finance this through internally generated cash flow and/or debt financing. We expect this acquisition to be modestly accretive in 2017 after costs associated with the acquisition and integration into CES. As Joe reviewed in our second quarter call we are forecasting that are CES business will provide $45 million to $55 million in operating income in 2017. We expect AEM to be additive to this forecast. As previously disclosed in 2017 we expect to benefit of approximately $12 million in net income from a full year of our investment Enable preferred securities and from interest expense savings. Slide 17 details are expected financing plans, interest expense and effective tax rate. Cash from operations remain strong therefore we continue to believe we will not need equity in either 2017 or 2018.  Further we see for see modest incremental debt requirements in those years. We are committed to strong credit metrics with a target consolidated FFO debt metric of 18% to 20%. As of the third quarter, we are well above that target credit metrics. Additionally, we expect our effective tax rate for the full year 2016 to be 37% due to the one-time recognition of deferred tax for Midstream segment income in the second quarter. On a going forward basis, we expect the effective tax rate to be 36%, finally I will take a moment to expand on the Enable's strategic review, we recognize this process is taking longer than expected. We continue to explore three options, sale, spend or key. You can review our objectives for potential transaction on Slide 18, our criteria for consideration of a sale or spend include comparable earnings and dividends per share, improve visibility and certainty of future earnings and lower volatility from our Midstream investments. We would seek to meet these criteria without a change to our credit ratings, with respect to the sale option, we continue our discussions with third-parties that have an interest in our Midstream investment, should those discussions continue past mid-January, the partnership agreement requires that we submit a right of first offer or ROFO notice to OG&E to continue with such discussions. Due to the confidential nature of our discussions, we are not providing any further comment at this time. With respect to the spend option, we are working to gain certainty regarding the tax characteristics of a spend and confirmation of minimal tax leakage that may occur as a result of a spend. Further, we continue to research capital market considerations with our existing investors and others including whether the resulting entity promise then would be an attractive security for our portfolio managers. Let me conclude by reminding you that our Board of Directors declared $0.2575 dividend per share on October 27 payable on December 09. And with that, I will turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Sophia?
Operator: At this time we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Please hold for the first question. The first question will come from Greg Gordon with ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning guys. It is actually Durgesh [Ph] on for Greg. Can you hear me?
Scott Prochazka: Yes good morning, Greg. We can hear you.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey good morning. Just the question was related to...
Scott Prochazka: Durgesh, I have got it. Thanks. Sorry.
Unidentified Analyst: So our question is given the significant improvement in the outlook at Enable, why are you not reassessing the consolidated 4% to 6% growth rate in the context of a no transaction scenario? It seems that your expectations that underpinned four to six would be a scenario where Enable would be range bound in terms of its earnings and cash flow contribution and it appears that they're poised to see significant potential growth in earnings and distributions?
Scott Prochazka: Yes Greg I would say the answer to this is more of a timing issue than anything. We are going through now the process of finalizing our own plan for the utilities as we speak. Our board approves our financial plan in December as we get near the end of the year. Our time for providing updated forecast will be at our fourth quarter call but I think your observations are valid certainly and what we've seen from Enable as well as the work we're doing with our utilities will be reflective in the new guidance that we provide on the fourth quarter call.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. Have a great day.
Operator: The next question will come from Insoo Kim with RBC Capital.
Insoo Kim: Hey good morning, everyone.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Insoo Kim: Just first given your comment on the spin option, are you currently awaiting a response from the IRS? And if so, do you have any expectation on a timeframe as to whether you will get a confirmation that will be largely a tax-free transaction?
Bill Rogers: Insoo good morning it's Bill. We have not shared whether or not we have filed or will file with the IRS but we have shared in my comments on the call is what we must confirm that we have minimal tax leakage associated with the spend should we continue down that path.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then the third option of keeping Enable and I think you have mentioned reducing the volatility associated with that, would that just involve Enable or working with Enable to increase their fee-based contracts structures?
Bill Rogers: Yes, it is working with Enable. The dialogue between governance and management is a constructive one and management is focused on this as evidenced by the renegotiation of some contracts that they've been working on to accomplish that. So that comment about trying to reduce commodity exposure is with what management will do at Enable.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And finally, just regarding the Atmos Energy Marketing acquisition, is the strategy for the energy services business to continue to make ongoing acquisitions to grow that business.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, let me characterize the strategy this way. We see it as an important part of our business mix it's a great complement to our gas utilities and we continue to -- we will continue to look for opportunities organically through the management team for growing that business just as we're growing our utilities. I would characterize any thoughts around M&A is opportunistic as opposed to a stated strategy in that direction. Our goal though is to continue to grow that business just as we're growing our utilities.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you and I will see you in a few days.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: The next question is from Abe Azar with Deutsche Bank.
Abe Azar: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Abe Azar: Is your new 2016 guidance, is that the new base for the 4% to 6% growth from here?
Scott Prochazka: Yes it is.
Abe Azar: Okay. And can you comment a little bit more on the dividend growth. You already mentioned the goal to decrease the payout ratio, is there any targets for dividend growth from here?
Bill Rogers: There are no specific targets with respect to dividend growth and of course at the end of day its Board of Director's responsibility to review a number of factors prior to their declaration of a dividend. Having said that, we do intend to grow the dividend. It just may not be at the same robust pace of our earnings growth and this will allow us to grow the dividend and bring down the payout ratio at the same time.
Abe Azar: Okay, thats it.
Operator: The next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning. 
Ali Agha: Scott, just wanted to clarify, in the past you had mentioned that your plans for what you want to do with Enable would firm them up and communicate to us in the second half of this year. Am I hearing it right that the time has slipped given some of these things playing out and maybe it is more early next year we will hear from you or is that still by the end of this year we should definitively hear from you.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, as Bill said, the process is taking a little bit longer than originally anticipated. I can't tell you when the process will specifically end. As Bill said we still are in conversations with third parties and should those dialogues continue past the end of the year than I guess it's technically possible that it goes on into the following year but as long as we're having these dialogues, the process will continue.
Ali Agha: I see. And second question, just so that we are clear on the conversion from the Enable numbers to yours, I know there is basis differential, etc. but if you just took their 2017 net income guidance, what does that translate into for CenterPoint just taking their numbers as they publicly stated those?
Bill Rogers: Ali this is Bill. They confirm it around the midpoint of their guidance and that number would translate into $0.21 per share for us on an annual basis was another $0.07 due to the accretion and for a total of $0.28. That's why in our prepared remarks we said we should be at the high-end of the guidance that we have provided.
Ali Agha: Right. But they have also put out their '17 net income number as well. I was more focused on that.
Scott Prochazka: So they've put out their '17 net income number, we have not translated what that might mean into earnings per unit and from that earnings per share of CenterPoint.
Ali Agha: But the basis differential will be roughly the same as it is for '16?
Scott Prochazka: That will be unchanged.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: How do we look at the sale auction for Enable after the 120-day period is passed since you rejected OGE or its partner's offer? At that point would you preclude the option of a sale or would you restart the process and how would that work?
Bill Rogers: Neel good morning, it's Bill. I think to be clear, we haven't commented on OG&E offer, what we said in our prepared remarks is we remain in discussions with other parties and should those discussions continue past mid-January then per our partnership agreement, we would need to give OG&E another right of first offer or ROFO.
Neel Mitra: Got it. Okay. And it seems like you are evaluating the possibility of a spin more and it seems that you are getting a little bit more comfortable with that if I'm reading right. How do you consider the possibility of that trading as a standalone CCORP versus the MLP aspects that OG&E and the public float would own?
Bill Rogers: Right. When we announced the strategic review process, we said we would be on concurrent path of thinking about either a sale or a spend. So I wouldn't want to imply that we're waiting one or of those more heavily than the other. We are attentive to what I refer to is capital markets considerations including how that CCORP would trade and how portfolios managers would think of it as a security.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Nick Raza with Citigroup.
Nick Raza: Thank you, guys. Just a couple of quick cleanup questions on the Atmos acquisition, are we to assume that is a similar multiple as the prior acquisition, the Continuum acquisition?
Bill Rogers: So while we take a look at the internal rate of return and the return on equity from the total investment, so that's why we evaluate them. With respect to multiple, we haven't disclosed that but it's $40 million for their business plus working capital.
Nick Raza: Okay. And then in terms of just going back to your response on Enable about managing the commodity volatility and sort of working with Enable to essentially to fix some of their contracts, is there sort of an appetite to get rid of some of that volatility by doing more preferred issuances.
Bill Rogers: Well I think that's probably a question better set for Enable than for us or you asking about it from our perspective?
Nick Raza: Yes.
Bill Rogers: Yes, the preferred investment we made was essentially taking an amount of money that we had invested as debt and investing it is preferred at a time when that would be helpful for Enable. Our stated objective is we have stated for quite some time is that we see Enable as a source of cash rather than a use of cash and I think that general theme still holds.
Nick Raza: Okay, fair enough. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question will come from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Hi good morning. Good morning. Tracy, unless I missed it, I didn't hear you mentioned right-of-way revenue which was always a nice little earnings stream in your segment. Can you update that 
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Charles. We anticipate for 2016 that our miscellaneous revenue including right-of-way would be in the range of $10 million.
Charles Fishman: So it is continuing to have that lower trajectory as you stated in the past, correct.
Scott Prochazka: That is correct.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then the second question I had on the Atmos acquisition, I assume just because Atmos it is based up in Dallas that maybe their concentration of customers was heavier in the Dallas and North Texas area then your existing business. Is that what made it such a good fit?
Joe McGoldrick: This is Joe. Actually they are based in Houston for this business and they have two primary offices Houston, Texas and Franklin, Tennessee. So we have some overlapping service territories but in this acquisition, we would pick up six additional states with new customers and they have a pretty heavy concentration in the Tennessee, Kentucky area. So that's a nice complement to our existing portfolio.
Charles Fishman: So it's almost non-Texas stuff that maybe with the benefit on this.
Joe McGoldrick: That's clearly part of it yes.
Charles Fishman: Okay, thank you. That's all I had.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Lason Johong with Auvila Research.
Lason Johong: Thank you. On the acquisition, could you talk about the differences in margin, unit margins between your existing retail business and the Atmos acquisition?
Joe McGoldrick: This is Joe again. We don't give comments on unit margins by type of customer, but I will say that they definitely have a bigger mix of industrial, large industrial customers it's almost 400 Bcf of throughput on approximately 1,000 customers. So that's much higher used customers than we currently have in our portfolio. So we actually like that aspect of it but we don't -- we don't comment on specific unit margins by customer type.
Lason Johong: Okay, then given your comments just now, is there a preference of which way CenterPoint is leaning more towards the small commercial and residential or to the larger customers.
Scott Prochazka: We like the addition that this gives us, but we'll concentrate on all of our customer segments and make sure we provide them with great service, but we think this complements our portfolio nicely and it gets us into as I mentioned earlier some additional markets where we didn't have a presence.
Lason Johong: Got it. And one follow-up on Enable. What is the point of trying to convert -- and I'm not saying one is better than the other -- but trying to convert a racehorse into a farm horse when you are talking about pulling back on the commodity volatility. Maybe the whole point of owning something like Enable is to gain that upside in the commodities.
Scott Prochazka: I think the way to think about it is there is a -- the actions we were talking about earlier about reducing volatility, have to do with the structure of the contract not the pace at which Enable may pursue opportunities and grow. So, it has to do with reducing volatility not taking away from the growth possibilities of that segment.
Lason Johong: I think I understand. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: The final question will come from Noah Hauser.
Noah Hauser: Hi, thanks guys.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Noah Hauser: During the September conference season, you gave some drivers for 2017 for utility net income. Are those drivers still intact or how should we be thinking about that now?
Bill Rogers: Nova this is Bill and those drivers are intact and we will be updating all of that in our year-end conference call after we have a Board approval for our budgets and our capital expenditures for the 2017 year.
Noah Hauser: Is there anything else aside from the Atmos acquisition that would presumably be additive to that or is there anything else we should be focused on that we could've changed?
Bill Rogers: I would say only on the margin.
Noah Hauser: Okay. Thank you.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We look forward to seeing you at EEI. We will now conclude our third quarter 2016 earnings call and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Tracy Bridge - EVP and President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick - EVP and President, Gas Division Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Insoo Kim - RBC Capital Markets Ali Agha - SunTrust Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Brian Russo - Ladenburg Nick Raza - Citigroup Research Charles Fishman - Morningstar Lasan Johong - Auvila Research Consulting
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy, you may begin.
David Mordy: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our second quarter 2016 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management, who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides, which can be found under the investors section on our website centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in todays call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which, along with our Form 10-Q, have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2016. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to date and significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of zero premium exchangeable subordinated notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the companys Energy Service business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enables most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. The company does not include other potential impacts such as any changes in accounting standards or Enable Midstreams unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will begin on Slide 4. This morning, we reported a second quarter 2016 loss of $2 million or $0.01 loss per diluted share compared with net income of $77 million or $0.18 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Second quarter 2016 earnings were impacted by several charges, which Bill will discuss in greater detail later in the call. On a guidance basis, second quarter 2016 adjusted earnings were $73 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared with adjusted earnings of $84 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. The fundamentals of our utility business segments remain strong. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.14 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.13 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Improving $0.01, despite milder than normal weather at our electric utility. We continue to see strong customer growth in both our electric and gas utilities. Combined, our utilities added over 90,000 metered customers during the last 12 months. Capital expenditures remain strong as we invest to meet growth, safety and reliability needs within our service territories. Rate relief driven by capital investment continues to be an important contributor to earnings growth. To date, we have secured $45 million in annualized distribution investment recovery at our electric utility, and $18 million in annualized revenue associated with recovery of capital investments at our Texas gas utilities. Further, we expect approvals in two gas rate cases in the third and fourth quarters. Joe and Tracy will provide additional regulatory updates for their business segments later in the call. Turning to midstream investments, we have a number of highlights on Slide 5. Midstream investments contributed $0.03 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.06 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. The contribution was reduced as result of losses attributable to changes in the fair value of commodity derivatives and an increase in deferred taxes. As I mentioned earlier, Bill will provide additional details on these items. Enables call highlighted the robustness of drilling activity in the SCOOP and STACK plays, which continue to be recognized as two of the top plays in the country. Enable continues to focus on strengthening their balance sheet, lowering cost and improving capital efficiency. We believe they are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities over the next few years. Turning to slide 6; given the year-to-date performance and outlook for both utility operations and midstream investments, we are reaffirming full year earnings guidance of $1.12 to a $1.20 per diluted share. 2016 earnings growth drivers include utility customer growth, capital discipline, rate relief and operating and financing cost management. CenterPoints core strategy remains to operate, maintain and invest in our current utility service territories, deploying capital to address needs for system growth, maintenance, reliability, safety and customer interactions. In February, we announced that we would conduct two strategic reviews focused on possible incremental value creation for our long-term shareholders. One review contemplated placing utility assets in a REIT structure, with the assumption of executing a public offering of their REIT and redeploying those proceeds on behalf of our shareholders. We have completed our REIT evaluation based upon assumption for qualified assets, revenue requirements determined through general regulatory proceedings and capital markets considerations. Key variables include the collection of federal income taxes within the revenue requirement and the timing of adjustments to lease payments related to capital investments by the REIT on behalf of the utility operating company. We have concluded that current uncertainties along with the complexity of the structure do not warrant pursuit of a REIT. As always, we remain open to explore avenues for long-term value creation for our current shareholders. The strategic review regarding our Enable ownership is ongoing, and we remain committed to providing up update on this subject before the end of 2016. As I mentioned before, our utility fundamentals continue to be strong and on track. We remain committed to our vision to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. We are focused on consistent performance including safe, reliable and efficient operations for our customers and long-term value creation for our shareholders. Tracy will now update you on Houston Electric.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Im pleased with Houston Electric's performance this quarter. As you will see on Slide 8, core operating income in the second quarter of 2016 was $135 million compared with $131 million for the same period last year. The business benefitted from rate relief, customer growth, higher equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds and higher right-of-way revenues. These benefits were partially offset by higher depreciation in taxes, lower usage primarily due to milder weather, and modestly higher O&M. Similar to the first quarter of this year, higher depreciation was anticipated due to both the amount and type of capital invested. We continue to focus on keeping annual O&M growth under 2%, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offset. Houston Electric added approximately 55,000 metered customers since the second quarter of last year. We continue to anticipate approximately 2% metered customer growth this year. As we mentioned before, 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. Slide 9 provides a regulatory update for Houston Electric. In April, we filed an application with the Texas Public Utility commission for a DCRF interim rate adjustment. Our application requested the annualized revenue requirement be set at $49.4 million. In July 2016, a settlement was approved by the commission, providing for an annualized revenue requirement of $45 million effective September 1, 2016. As a reminder, the amount is reset with each filing, so it is not additive to the approved DCRF revenue requirement from the prior filing. Recently, Houston Electric was awarded the International Smart Grid Action Network award of excellence and the Global Smart Grid Federation Best Smart Grid project. Through our smart grid deployment, key technology partnerships and the dedication of our employees, we have reduced outages by more than 134 million minutes, enabled restoration of more than1.5 million outage cases without a customer phone call, and saved millions of dollars in eliminated fees for more than 2.3 million metered customers in our service area. I am pleased to report Houston Electric's performance is on track for the year. Although, we experienced milder than normal weather in the second quarter, the third quarter to date has been warmer than normal. Further, the third quarter has historically been the most impactful quarter for Houston Electric. We will continue focus on the safety, reliability and efficiency of our system to meet the growing needs of our service territory. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our gas distribution business and our non-regulated energy services business had a solid quarter. As you will see on Slide 11, operating income for our natural gas utilities was $20 million compared to $19 million for the same period in 2015. Operating income was higher primarily due to rate relief and continued customer growth. These increases were offset by higher depreciation and taxes as well as increased contractor services expense related to integrity services and increased credit and collection activities. Customer growth remains strong in our natural gas utilities, having added nearly 36,000 customers since the second quarter of 2015, almost identical to the growth in customers this time last year. This represents customer growth slightly in excess of 1%. Slides 12 and 13 provide detail on 2016 regulatory developments, including our rates cases in Minnesota and Arkansas The Minnesota PUC issued an order authorizing a $27.5 million rate increase based on an ROE of 9.49%. We have had interim rates in effect since last fall and will implement final rates later this year. In the Arkansas case, a unanimous settlement was reached for an annual revenue increase of $14.2 million. The settlement includes the use of a formula rate plan mechanism starting in 2017 to recover future capital investment and expenses. The recommended ROE in the Arkansas settlement is 9.5%. The settlement is pending commission approval, and we expect the final order and new rates to be implemented in the third quarter. As Scott mentioned, we have also finalized 4 Texas GRIP cases, which collectively increased revenues $18 million on an annualized basis. Turning to Slide 14. Operating income for our Energy Services business was $7 million for the second quarter of 2016 compared with $7 million for the same period last year, excluding a mark-to-market loss of $7 million and a gain of $2 million, respectively. Our integration efforts from our recent acquisition are anticipated to be completed within 2016. With more than 12,000 new metered customers, Energy Services now has more than 30,000 customers. Inclusive of integration and acquisition costs, this year, we anticipate the Energy Services business will roughly match last year's financial performance of $38 million in operating income, again, excluding mark-to-market adjustments. For 2017, the first full year of combined operations, we now expect Energy Services to provide annual operating income, excluding mark-to-market gains or losses, in the range of $45 million to $55 million. Overall, our natural gas operations performed well this quarter. Excluding mark-to-market, year-to-date operating income is up $13 million or 7% higher than 2015 despite lower weather-related throughput at utilities and acquisition and integration costs at Energy Services. We will continue to operate effectively and efficiently as we focus on growth, safety and the reliability of our system. I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will cover financial performance and forecast.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I will begin on Slide 16. We reported the second quarter 2016 loss of $0.01 per diluted share. Earnings included a charge of $110 million or $0.17 per diluted share associated with our ZENS securities. This charge is primarily due to the merger of Time Warner Cable and Charter Communications through a cash and site sale in the related revaluation of associated assets and liabilities on our books. Further details on the accounting at the merger date on May 18 are provided on Page 17 of the slide deck, as well as Note 11 in our second quarter Form 10-Q. In addition, the quarter also included a $0.01 mark-to-market charge in our Energy Services segment. Therefore, our earnings per share on a guidance basis was $0.17 versus earnings of $0.19 per share for the second quarter of 2015. Earnings per share increased $0.01 for our Utility Operations segment and decreased $0.03 for our Midstream Investments. Midstream was impacted by losses attributable to changes in fair value of commodity derivatives. As discussed on Enable's call and disclosed in their second quarter Form 10-Q, Enable uses derivatives to manage the partnership's commodity price risk. The accounting for these derivatives requires that the charges associated with the fair value of the instruments be recognized in current earnings. In addition, at the CenterPoint level, we recognize an increase in deferred tax expense related to recent Louisiana tax law changes and our Enable income from Louisiana. The sum of these 2 factors reduce the midstream per share contribution to earnings by approximately $0.03. Additionally, this is the first quarter that we recognize income from our investment in the Enable preferred, as disclosed in Footnote 8 and within Other Income. Assuming Enable declares this dividend on a going-forward basis, we expect to earn $0.03 per share in 2016 and $0.05 per share per year in future years. As a reminder, second quarter has historically provided the least contribution to our annual earnings. For the first 2 quarters of this year, we have delivered $0.49 in guidance earnings per share, consisting of $0.37 in utility earnings and $0.12 in the midstream earnings. Given our performance year-to-date and ongoing strong utility fundamentals, as Scott mentioned earlier, we are reiterating EPS guidance of $1.12 to $1.20. As shown on Slide 18, we are also reiterating our target of 4% to 6% EPS growth in each of 27 and 28 '17 and 2018. On Slide 19, we provide an overview of our anticipated financing plans, interest expense and effective tax rate. Year-to-date, internally generated cash is strong, allowing us to fully fund capital expenditures and to pay dividends. In the second quarter, our interest expense was lower on a period-to-period basis due to refinancing maturing debt at lower interest rates. During the quarter, we refinanced $300 million of short-term debt at Houston Electric with a 5-year maturity at a coupon of 1.85%. We expect to refinance another $300 million of short-term debt at Houston Electric in the second half of 2016. Therefore, for the full year 2016, we expect interest expense to be lower compared to 2015 with an EPS contribution of approximately $0.02. Interest expense saving opportunities should also present themselves in 2017 and 2018. We have $1.15 billion in maturities in those years, and the weighted average coupon for this maturing debt is roughly 6.1%. With respect to cash expense, as a result of deferred tax recognition for the Midstream segment income, we expect our effective tax rate to be 37% this year. This is higher than our previously stated anticipated tax rate of 36%. In addition to our earnings release and our 10-Q filings for all of our registrants filed this morning, we would like to remind you of other press releases or filings of interest. First, our Board of Directors declared a $0.2575 dividend per share on July 28, payable on September 9. Second, on July 21, we filed with the SEC an amendment to our Form 13D with respect to our ownership interest in Enable Midstream. The required update to our February filing reflects that we send OGE a right of first offer, or ROFO, and that we will solicit offers from third parties to acquire our interest in Enable. As stated in our press release earlier this year and in our Form 13D/A, we continue to evaluate a number of strategic alternatives for our investment in the partnership, including a sale, a spin-off or maintain our ownership. As Scott stated, our intent is to provide an update on the review prior to the end of the year. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ashley?
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with RBC Capital Markets.
Insoo Kim: Just regarding the Enable strategy, I know you can't comment much on that, but with the ROFO and others that you provided to OGE, if they do make an offer for your stake in Enable in the coming weeks, so how does that impact, if any, your ability to still potentially pursue the spin-off? I just wanted to make sure what - depending on what they say on the stake and whether you have some offers outstanding with other third parties, if that bounds you towards the sell option versus Bill having a spin-off option?
Bill Rogers: Insoo, good morning. It's Bill. The spin-off and the consideration of the sale are 2 separate tracks. So if OGE were to make an offer to CenterPoint for CenterPoint stakes, then we are not obligated to accept that offer.
Insoo Kim: Okay. So the 2 options are still open regardless of what they come back with?
Bill Rogers: Correct.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Okay. I know you guys can't comment much more on that follow-up. I'll leave it there. But just moving to the Electric Utility, given customer growth above forecast for the past couple of quarters, how do you see the customer growth for the balance of the year and outlook for future years? I know you've mentioned 2% annual growth as a target, but it seems like it's been trending a little bit higher.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Insoo, this is Scott. We've - we continue to see strong customer growth, as you've obviously noted and we posted in our results. We see all signs pointing to that continuing. We continue to track the leading indicators about housing development, and that continues to be strong. I will say that one area that may provide a little softening would be multifamily homes. That market is getting a little long here. But I think what that would do is that would probably tend to drive our growth rate from perhaps slightly above 2%, down closer to 2%, nothing that I would consider to be problematic. But that could be the downside piece of it. But other than that, we continue to see very strong local development.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you very much.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you for your cooperation. Our next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Scott, I - your first question. As you are continuing to look at strategically what to do with Enable, can you tell us what are some of the big milestones or what is it that you're looking at in terms of reaching your final conclusion for that? And related to that, if the sale option were to be exercised by you, have you been able to resolve the tax issue? Or would that still be the same as you've talked about in the past?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I'll provide a little bit of comment on this. I'll let Bill comment on the tax piece of it. But our options are essentially the same as we've communicated in the past, and that is still look at a sale or a spin. The timing is such that, as we've indicated, we're just continuing to step through the process, providing the ROFO notice to OGE was one step in the process. And so we're just going to continue marching down that path with the expectations that we'll be able to provide an update to you all by - certainly, by the end of the year. Bill, would you like to comment on the tax question?
Bill Rogers: Certainly. Good morning, Ali. The tax consideration is still there. As we've discussed, we have negative basis in our investment in Enable Midstream. And therefore, a sale for cash would result in a significant taxable gain.
Ali Agha: Okay. And the sale option, I guess, that reminded me, you mentioned that sale for stock would still be an option within that sale option?
Bill Rogers: Yes. So their potential to defer an eventual recognition of gain through a sale for stock or some other currency, we would likely get there if we went on that structure through a reorganization under the tax code.
Ali Agha: And last question, Scott, there's a lot of consolidation going on, on the regulatory, both on the gas and electric side. I just wanted to get a sense of what your current view is as you're looking at the landscape around you? And other opportunities that you guys could potentially capitalize on?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I certainly observed the same thing you are, and that is that there have been a number of consolidations. The strategy that we have is still very much centered around the investment we can make in our utilities and our current service territories. So our focus is - continues to be around the $1.3-plus billion we're spending on our own utilities and growing those utilities to meet the needs of our customers and grow our earnings along with that.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys. I think Dave's going to hate me because I have a couple of them for you. One is simple. In your multiyear, your EPS growth rate guidance for '17 and '18, do you assume Enable earnings contribution grows strengths or stays flat in that period? I'm just trying to think about the puts and take between utility, regulated utility earnings growth, versus kind of consolidated EPS growth.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, as you know, Enable has not put out any information beyond this current year. That said, we have looked at a number of possible growth rates that could come from Enable, and we've tested that against our capabilities at the utility. And combined, under a number of different scenarios, we feel comfortable that we can achieve that 4% to 6% rate.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So even if Enable were to decline in '17 and '18, you're still pretty comfortable getting the 4% to 6% consolidated growth rate?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We - we've looked at - like I said, Mike, we've looked at a number of scenarios, and one of them would be one where the growth rates have not returned for that segment as they had been in the past.
Michael Lapides: Got it. One question on the Houston business, the CE business, I want to make sure I understand the DCRF. The $45 million, what is the incremental amount that's going in the rates in September of 2016?
Tracy Bridge: Michael, this is Tracy. We don't think about it as an incremental amount because every year, the revenue requirement is determined on a standalone basis. You might recall that a year ago, we implemented a rate increase of $16 million. And now, we're going to be implementing a rate increase of $45 million, but the 2 are not related because we calculate the revenue requirement independently every year. So if you're modeling it, just put in $45 million on an annualized basis starting September 1, 2016.
Michael Lapides: Yes. But I've got to know what's in your current numbers, right? Because otherwise, we could be overstating - we could be completely misstating. So I'm trying to make the bridge here.
Tracy Bridge: So the revenue for 2016 for DCRF would be $16.2 million, and the revenue for 2017 would be $53.8 million. Okay?
Michael Lapides: Got it. So that makes sense. And then the agreement to go from $45 million to $49 million, sort of that just implied, and I'm being simplistic here, a $4 million step up? I assume that's what that is, but I'm just making sure I'm understanding that correctly.
Tracy Bridge: That's what it implies, yes.
Scott Prochazka: So Michael, that would be a $4 million step up, assuming we did not make another DCRF filing next year.
Michael Lapides: So this doesn't preclude you from making another DCRF filing next year?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. That's correct. Right. We can make another filing next year, and then we would go through a whole new determination, and then it would be a new number that would be in place of the $45 million that's there today.
Michael Lapides: I appreciate that. Thank you, Scott. Much, much, much more clear there. Much appreciated.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Guys.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Just a clarification on disclosure maybe. When OGE responds within their 30 days on the ROFO, either way, would that be something you're going to disclose, what their response is?
Bill Rogers: Steve, we'll look the required disclosure at that time, and that of course would depend on - upon their response.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. So it's possible they could not make an offer, we just wouldn't know.
Bill Rogers: That's correct.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then my understanding is, just to be clear, once they've responded, either way, you then have 120 days to basically transact, and after which the process starts again. Is that right?
Bill Rogers: Yes. Just to put some more clarity on that, Steve, they have 30 days to respond to the ROFO. If they did not respond, then we would move forward with a solicitation of offers, although we're not precluded from doing that at this time. If they did respond, then we would have 30 days to respond to their offer. And then subsequent to that, we would have the 120 days.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's great. And then on the mark-to-market hit on the - that you took on the Enable hedges, do you expect that, that will come back to you by the end of the year?
Bill Rogers: Steve, again, it's Bill. If nothing happened other than the forward curve staying the same at June 30 and they didn't enter into any more hedges, as it played out, much, but not all of that, would come back in 2016 with a balance in 2017. But should gas prices go higher, under mark-to-market accounting, that could impact what Enable records. Or should it go lower, go the other way. So it very much depends upon where gas prices are each quarterly statement period.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Can you guys hear me?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: I had another question around Enable and the possible tax leakage from a sale. If OGE were to make an offer that you would accept, would the same tax consequences arise as if it were a third party buyer? Would you still be on the hook for the negative tax basis? Or is there something different about OGE being a buyer?
Bill Rogers: Neel, it's Bill. There's no difference between OGE and any other buyer with respect to tax consequences.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. And I noticed in the presentation that you noted that you wouldn't need equity for 2016 and 2017. But I wanted to just understand under what scenario you could possibly need equity 2018 and beyond. Would it be that you found additional growth projects that would kind of put you at that top or above the 6% growth rate at the utilities? Or is it something else? Or do you feel that you don't need any equity at all until the end of the decade or farther?
Bill Rogers: Neel, here's how do we get our thinking on equity. We take a look at our credit metrics, principally FFO to debt, and we're currently at approximately 20%. We want to maintain that because we like our credit ratings. Admittedly, we think we have some bad capacity within that. But if that were to erode, then we would consider equity. And that could erode from any number of factors, including, as you said, a higher rate of capital investment.
Neel Mitra: Okay. And with the Enable stake, if that were to decline, would that be something that would cause you to issue equity? Or do you view that as a separate entity that's self-funding?
Bill Rogers: Enable, in 2015, was under 20% of our cash flow in the way we think about our internally generated cash flow. So it's significant, but we'd have to take a look at what the credit metrics would be for us and what that might imply for equity at that time.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to follow-up on the Enable situation, and if you were to sell your stake there and receive stock against that. And then you would subsequently distribute that stock, would that introduce tax leakage as well? Or would that be a way to mitigate that?
Bill Rogers: Good morning, Jeremy. I'm going to restate what's your positive, and then if I don't get that right, correct me. But you're assuming we would sell for stock and would not have it taxable a recognition at that time. And then we would spend whatever we received out to shareholders, is that correct?
Jeremy Tonet: Yes. Spin it out to shareholders. That's right.
Bill Rogers: Right. So we have not contemplated that strategy. I think that, that would have some combination of the tax effects that would either - you would either have in a sale for stock and a spin.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. Thanks. And just with the whole strategic review process here, I'm just wondering if you can help us into your thought process. While the commodities have softened a little bit recently, it seems that the cycle has turned a bit. So I'm just wondering how you - how that enters into the calculus of your decisions here with the cycle getting better.
Scott Prochazka: Well, it certainly is nice to see the commodities turning around as they have. But we went into this evaluation geared at looking for alternatives to reduce the volatility associated with this earning stream. So we're continuing our process. We're going to continue through even as commodities are improving, because we want to see if there's a way to reduce that volatility and a way that could create value for our shareholders.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. Thanks. And then one just quick one. Correct me, if I'm wrong, but I think there was a slug of the energy resources debt, $325 million that matured in May. I was just wondering what happened to that, if that was refinanced or if we should take any meaning from that.
Bill Rogers: You're correct. $325 million did mature in May. We met that maturity with cash flow generated at CERC and short-term borrowings. As I said on our March, in this call, we were cash flow positive for the first 6 months of the year, including investments on CapEx on behalf of our customers and including dividends paid to our shareholders.
Jeremy Tonet: Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Just to clarify, does - is OGE required to respond with a yes or a no? Or can they just not respond and that's just an implied no?
Bill Rogers: Brian, good morning. It's Bill. The latter is correct. They can stay silent.
Brian Russo: Got it. Okay. And then also to clarify the decision not to pursue the REIT structure for the Texas assets, does that conclude all strategic alternative reviews? Or are there other options that you're looking at?
Scott Prochazka: Brian, that concludes our strategic review of the concept of a REIT for utility assets. But our other review underway is the consideration around our Enable ownership. And as we've said, that's still ongoing.
Brian Russo: Okay. But there's no ongoing review of your gas LDCs?
Scott Prochazka: That's correct.
Brian Russo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nick Raza with Citi.
Nick Raza: Thanks, guys. Really a couple of just housekeeping items. In terms of the marketing business or Energy Services business that you acquired, when you acquired it, you said that combined with your existing operations and the acquisition, you'd generate anywhere from $48 million to $50 million in operating income. That number seems to be a little higher now. Could you just talk about that real quick?
Scott Prochazka: Joe, do you want to take that one?
Joe McGoldrick: Sure. Good morning, Nick. This is Joe. Yes, that's correct. We have increased that guidance for Energy Services business, given the integration of the business and some improved performance at our CES space business. So we are now comfortable that we will be in the $45 million to $55 million range in the first full year, which is 2017.
Nick Raza: Okay. And then I guess one of the aspects that you mentioned that would help you meet your EPS guidance in the outer years as O&M or operating cost reductions are - not as much growth. But if I look at your ordinary expenses, they seem to have been growing by about 5%. Can you just talk about what's driving that and how you guys view that?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the 5% that you see on the charts includes some items that have revenue offsets. So if you back that out and you consider some timing aspects of the spin on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we're still confident we can manage this expense in that - around 2% to 3% range.
Nick Raza: Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you, guys.
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Hey, Bill, just based on your comments, the effective tax rate, though, that 37% was really just a onetime thing and like - just assuming business as usual with respect to Enable, going forward from a modeling standpoint, still 35%, 36% would be a long-term rate?
Bill Rogers: Yes. I would advise using 36% for our provision. It's just going to be 37% this year due to the change in Louisiana law.
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then the second question was for Tracy, right-of-way revenues. Remind me your - I mean, I know they're going down, but are we still talking $5 million to $10 million total this year? I forgot what you've said in the past.
Tracy Bridge: Good morning, Charles. We're projecting $10 million to $20 million of right-of-way in miscellaneous revenue this year.
Charles Fishman: $10 million to $20 million, which is still an elevated level over normalized, correct?
Tracy Bridge: Well, it depends on what you mean by normalized. Certainly, 10 years ago and beyond that, it would be much lower but we have had some pretty strong miscellaneous revenues in the last few years, as you recall.
Charles Fishman: Right. Okay. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong with Auvila Research.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. So morning in the East Coast. The ZENS issue, is there - does it make sense to buy back given the low current interest rate environment?
Bill Rogers: Lasan, good morning. It's Bill.
Lasan Johong: Good morning.
Bill Rogers: This remains a very low cost source of capital for us. If we were to think about buying back the debt, we would have recognition from a tax perspective associated with the capital gain that we've otherwise deferred.
Lasan Johong: I see. I understand. Okay. Next question, I guess, is for - well, I guess, it's for anybody who wants to answer it. But the hot weather in that area tends to get super-hot. And I understand it's approaching a 100 degree weather. So maybe Tracy is the best person to answer this question. Are you guys having any issues with infrastructure overheating or melting down or having any kind of equipment problems, even with trucks or anything like that?
Tracy Bridge: Good morning. We're not. The system's holding up very well. Unlike some parts of the country, we're accustomed to this heat humidity, and so the system's holding up fine. Thank you for asking.
Lasan Johong: Excellent. I guess this question goes back to Bill, my last question. Is there any way you can engineer, like-kind exchange for Enable? I mean, it sends you to avoid the tax bill now.
Bill Rogers: Right. There are ways to continue to defer recognition of taxes if we sold for stock or units of another entity. But it would not be through a like kind exchange. It would be through a reorganization within the tax code.
Lasan Johong: Okay. So you couldn't take cash for Enable and then say by pipeline or by gas utilities somewhere and transfer your basis over that way?
Bill Rogers: We do not see a path in that direction.
Lasan Johong: I understand. Thank you for your help.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Cash taxes, I know you talked about the effective tax rate. But how long do you expect not to be a cash taxpayer for?
Bill Rogers: Michael, it's Bill. We will be a cash taxpayer. It's just that it's at a very low rate. We expect to be a cash taxpayer this year as measured by cash, income taxes paid divided by accrual income before taxes, and that number will be in the high-single digits.
Michael Lapides: And then for how long - like how big do you - how big is your effective, whether it's in NOL or a like balance, whether generated via bonus DNA or something else. How long do you expect to be a very low cash taxpayer for?
Bill Rogers: It will gradually creep up to 35% over the planning horizon in terms of cash tax rate. That, of course, will be impacted by the level of capital investment and depreciation rates amongst all the other factors that go through our tax return.
Michael Lapides: So kind of getting closer to a normal GAAP and cash tax rate by the next 2 to 3 years? Or kind of longer term than that?
Bill Rogers: Longer than that, Michael. At the end of our 5 year planning horizon.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Bill. Much appreciated.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our second quarter 2016 earnings call. Have a nice day.
Operator: And this concludes CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-11 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy  Director-Investor Relations Scott Prochazka  President and Chief Executive Officer Tracy Bridge  Executive Vice President and President-Electric Division Joe McGoldrick  Executive Vice President and President-Gas Division Bill Rogers  Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ali Agha  SunTrust Michael Lapides  Goldman Sachs Brian Russo  Ladenburg Nick Raza  Citigroup Research Charles Fishman  Morningstar Lasan Johong  Auvila Research Consulting
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energys First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the Companys prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy.
David Mordy: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our first quarter 2016 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management, who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in todays call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which, along with our Form 10-Q, have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on managements beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2016. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the Company does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings from the change in the value of ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the Companys Energy Service business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enables most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. The Company does not include other potential impacts such as any changes in accounting standards or Enable Midstreams unusual items. Before Scott begins, I have two reminders. The first is that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. The second is that, on our investor website, under financial information, you can find our debt maturities slides, which investors often find helpful. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I will start on Slide 4. This morning, we reported first quarter 2016 earnings of $154 million, or $0.36 per diluted share, compared with $131 million, or $0.30 per diluted share in 2015. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, first quarter 2016 adjusted earnings were $138 million, or $0.32 per diluted share, compared with net income of $129 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, in 2015. Increases due to rate relief, customer growth and midstream investments were partially offset by higher depreciation, O&M expenses and reductions in usage driven by weather. Turning to Slide 5, given our solid start to the year, we are reiterating our 2016 guidance of $1.12 to $1.20 per share. Our focus remains to invest in our current utility service territories to address ongoing needs associated with growth, maintenance, reliability, safety and customer service. Earnings growth will be driven by multiple factors, including customer and sales growth, capital discipline, timely recovery on and of our investments, as well as continued attention to managing financing and operating costs. We anticipate utility operations to contribute 75% to 80% of CenterPoint earnings in 2016. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.23 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $0.22 per diluted share in 2015. Combined, our gas and electric utilities added nearly 83,000 customers since the first quarter of 2015. Rate relief from various 2015 regulatory filings was a significant contributor to earnings this quarter. While our service territories experienced milder weather, it had only a slight impact on our earnings in the first quarter of 2016 due in large part to the effectiveness of our regulatory mechanisms, including the benefit of a three-year decoupling pilot in Minnesota. Constructive regulation enables timely capital recovery and helps normalize for specific causes of variability. Joe and Tracy will provide additional regulatory insights later in the call. Midstream investments contributed $0.09 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $0.08 per diluted share in 2015. Slide 6 includes highlights from Enables earnings call on May 4. Enable performed well in the first quarter of 2016 and continues to make balance sheet strength and financial discipline top priorities. We believe they remain well-positioned to navigate todays challenging market conditions. Our strategic reviews around our ownership of Enable and possible REIT formation are progressing as planned. Our objectives remain to explore options that could help minimize earnings variability and create sustainable value for our long-term shareholders without impacting our ability to serve the needs of CenterPoints growing service territories. We remain on track to provide an update later this year. Before I close, I would like to thank our electric and gas employees for their response to the severe storms and flooding that have impacted the Houston area recently. Across multiple rain events, we had more than 400,000 power outages. Our teams, including crews from other companies, along with our grid automation technologies, were able to restore power to approximately 90% of the homes within 12 hours. In closing, let me reiterate that we remain committed to our vision to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. We will continue to invest in our energy delivery systems to better serve our customers. We will continue to seek timely recovery of those investments. We will continue to constructively manage our O&M expenses. Consistent earnings growth at CenterPoint is underpinned by strong utility growth and has helped our stock performance in recent months. We continue to focus on consistent performance and long-term value creation. Tracy will now update you on electric operations.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a strong quarter in line with our expectations. As you can see on Slide 8, core operating income was $59 million compared to $68 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from higher rate relief and customer growth. These benefits were more than offset by higher depreciation as a result of increased rate base, higher O&M expenses, lower right-of-way revenue and reductions in usage, primarily driven by weather. Higher depreciation expense was anticipated and due to both the amount and type of capital invested. The increased O&M expense and lower right-of-way revenue were both largely attributed to timing. We remain on track to hold O&M increases to under 2% for 2016, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets, and we continue to anticipate $10 million to $20 million in right-of-way revenue for the year. Turning to slide 9, Houston added approximately 159,000 new residents and over 15,000 new jobs in 2015. The Greater Houston Partnership has forecasted similar increases in 2016. Our year-over-year residential meter growth was in excess of 2%. We continue to forecast 2% customer growth for 2016, which equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million in incremental base revenue annually. On April 4, we filed for $36 million in annualized rate relief for distribution capital invested in 2015. Similar to last years filing, we expect new rates to go into effect in September. Overall, Houston Electric performed well this quarter. We will continue to operate and manage this business with a focus on safety, reliability, efficiency and growth. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our gas utilities and our non-regulated Energy Services business, had a strong quarter both operationally and financially. We experienced significantly milder weather across much of our territory, but weather normalization adjustments, our decoupling pilot in Minnesota and rate design in Texas have all worked to remove weather sensitivity as a material risk to our natural gas utility revenues. As you will see on slide 11, operating income for our natural gas utilities in the first quarter was $160 million compared to $146 million for the same period in 2015. Operating income was higher due to significant rate relief and continued customer growth. These increases were partially offset by milder and unhedged weather effects in Texas and higher depreciation and amortization expense. Customer growth remains strong in our natural gas utilities having added almost 29,000 customers since the first quarter of 2015. Texas led with nearly 2% customer growth followed by Minnesota, which added more than 1%. O&M expenses at our natural gas utilities were up less than 3% for the first quarter of 2016 versus the same period last year, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We remain committed to disciplined O&M expense management. As I mentioned earlier, we are pleased to be in the first year of our three-year full decoupling pilot in Minnesota, which acts as a natural hedge against usage fluctuations, whether its due to energy conservation or weather. We now have weather normalization adjustments or decoupling in every state we operate in, except for Texas, which tends to experience less variability as a result of higher non-value metric customer charges and less severe winter weather. On the regulatory front, this is the first year we have filed GRIP mechanisms in all four Texas jurisdictions. On March 31, we filed for a combined $18 million in annualized Texas GRIP recovery. Also on March 31, we filed for $5.5 million in rate relief using the Arkansas decoupling mechanism. And our Minnesota and Arkansas rate cases are progressing and we anticipate final decisions on both cases in the second and third quarters respectively. We are already experiencing higher revenues in Minnesota through interim rates and expect new rates in Arkansas to be implemented during the third quarter. On slide 12, youll see that operating income for our Energy Services business was $15 million for the first quarter of 2016 compared with $17 million for the same period last year, excluding mark-to-market losses of $9 million and $4 million respectively. The remaining $2 million decline was primarily from reduced weather-related optimization opportunities. As you will notice on slide 13, we closed the Continuum Retail Energy Services acquisition on April 1 of this year. We are consolidating that business with a focus on customer retention, as well as integrating accounting, customer and risk systems. We believe our Energy Services business will provide annual operating income, excluding mark-to-market variations, in the $40 million to $50 million range in 2017, the first full year of combined operations. Overall, our natural gas operations performed well this quarter. We will continue to operate effectively and efficiently as we focus on growth, safety and the reliability of our system. I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will cover financial performance and forecasts.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everyone. I will begin on slide 15. First-quarter earnings were $0.36 per diluted share versus $0.30 per share for the first quarter of 2015. The guidance basis of $0.32 was less than the GAAP basis of $0.36 due to a reversal out of a net $0.05 gain related to our marketable securities and index debt securities and the reversal out of a $0.01 loss related to our mark-to-market accounting of natural gas in our Energy Services business segment. Our guidance basis earnings per share increased from $0.30 to $0.32 due to stronger performance in our utility operations segment and our midstream investment. We are pleased with the combined core operating income quarter-to-quarter improvement, which Tracy and Joe discussed. Given these results, as Scott mentioned earlier, we are reiterating our earnings guidance of $1.12 to $1.20. Additionally, we are reiterating our target of 4% to 6% EPS growth annually through 2018. On slide 16, we have provided more detail on our earnings guidance. Our 4% to 6% growth target begins with the 2015 EPS on a guidance basis of $1.10 per share. The EPS from utility operations is expected to increase; whereas the EPS for our midstream investment is expected to decline in 2016. We anticipate utility operations to grow from $0.79 to $0.88 to $0.92 per share. Expected growth drivers include an increase in operating income from our utilities, a reduction in interest expense and dividend income from our investment in Enables preferred securities. On an ongoing basis, we expect the Enable-preferred investment to contribute $0.05 per year, with 2016 being a partial year. As the earnings contribution from utility operations continues to grow, our ability to minimize earnings volatility also improves. On slide 17, we will provide an overview of our anticipated financing plans, interest expense and accrual tax rate. In the first quarter, our interest expense was lower on a period-to-period basis due to repayment of higher interest rate debt in the 2015 year. For the full-year 2016, we expect interest expense to be lower compared to 2015 due to refinancing activity. Similar interest expense saving opportunities should be available with the refinancing of debt maturing in 2017 and 2018. In the first quarter, our effective tax rate was 36%, and we anticipate that as our effective tax rate for the year. With respect to financing, internally-generated cash flow remains strong. In the first quarter, our operating cash flow positioned us to fund capital expenditures, pay dividends and pay down debt. For the full-year, our anticipated net incremental borrowing needs are approximately $150 million relative to our year-end debt balance at 2015. This includes approximately $100 million for the recent acquisition of Continuum Retail Energy Services. As stated in our year-end call, we expect to refinance $600 million of Houston Electric debt in 2016. We are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2016 or 2017. I will close by reminding you of the $0.2575 per share dividend declared by our Board on April 28. With that, I will turn the call back over to Dave.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Tonet from JP Morgan.
Scott Prochazka: Jeremy, good morning.
Operator: Jeremy, you can please go ahead.
Scott Prochazka: Are you there Jeremy?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Scott Prochazka: Operator, perhaps we should go on to the next question.
Operator: Okay. Our next question is from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. Scott, first question, just to understand your end game plan here with regards to your Enable ownership. Is the end game plan to essentially see two separate entities with the utility businesses separate from the commodity-exposed MLP business, or are you envisioning something where they are altogether, but the commodity exposure is less? Just wanted to understand what you ultimately are looking to get here.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, Ali, I think its difficult and not appropriate to comment on what I think the outcome here is going to be. We are continuing to look at this. It could take different forms and as you know, we are in the middle of this process and we will be in a position later in the year to I think clarify the questions  or give answers to the questions you are asking.
Ali Agha: Okay. So we should not assume that, at the end of the day, there are two separate entities with MLP and  or at least not necessarily the case?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, I dont think you can automatically assume that thats the outcome.
Ali Agha: I see. And my second question, on the utility REIT structure, whats the milestone in your mind you are looking at right now? And at the end of the day, do you think that is indeed the best structure for Houston Electric to have given CapEx needs, given other factors that you will probably need capital for given your CapEx plans?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, again, Ali, I think its a similar answer here. Weve been obviously observing whats going on at the PUC here in Texas, but we are in the midst of doing this evaluation our self, and at this point, we are not prepared to comment on it. We will be in a better position to comment later in the year as we conclude our evaluation.
Ali Agha: Okay. I apologize, but one just accounting question. If you can clarify  so Enable, when they reported, reported it down year-over-year. When you report numbers, in your consolidated numbers, you have Enable up year-over-year. Can you just explain why thats the case? [Indiscernible]
Bill Rogers: Yes, Ali. We have higher accretion related to our Enable investment in 2016 relative to 2015.
Ali Agha: Okay. Can you just tell me what those numbers are?
Bill Rogers: And the accretion related to the Enable investment is a result of the accounting that comes out of the impairment charge that we took at third quarter and again at year-end. The accretion element for our EPS should be $0.07 per share this year relative to $0.01 per share in 2015.
Ali Agha: Thats for the full year?
Bill Rogers: Yes, sir.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, a couple of items. One, just looking at the Houston utility, you noted that you havent filed for a transmission rate update. Normally, if I remember correctly, thats once or twice a year. Just curious about when the last one was implemented, what the amount was and when you expect to file again?
Scott Prochazka: Hold on, Michael, we are trying to get the exact information.
Michael Lapides: Okay. I can ask my follow-up because this one may be targeted to Bill. Bill, when you look at the debt capital structure, over the next two to three years, how much debt do you think you have outstanding throughout the Corporation where, either due to refinancing or where the NPV of the make-whole payments would make sense, you think you can significantly bring down the interest rate on?
Bill Rogers: Michael, we have $6 billion of debt outstanding at year-end and less than that after first quarter. So we have significant maturities in 2016, 2017 and 2018, plus we had some maturities last year aggregating to approximately $1 billion. We do not expect to be a material increase in net borrowings over the next few years. I talked about that in my prepared remarks. And therefore, its that $1 billion which helps us reduce interest expense, as well as not increasing the amount of debt on the balance sheet.
Michael Lapides: Okay. But theres no incremental debt outside of maturities where you think you could pay it down early, refinance at a lower rate and where the NPV of the make-whole makes sense?
Bill Rogers: There arent any economic opportunities at this time to do that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And coming back on the transmission question?
Tracy Bridge: Michael this Tracy Bridge. Good morning.
Michael Lapides: Good morning Tracy.
Tracy Bridge: Starting with the last filing that we made, we filed on October 1, 2015, rates were effective November 23 of 2015 and the amount was $16.8 million. We havent concluded the specifics of our filing for 2016, but its very likely we will file in the third quarter and we dont have a dollar amount to share just yet.
Michael Lapides: Got it. I appreciate it, Tracy. Thanks, guys. And congrats on a good start to the year.
Tracy Bridge: Thanks.
Bill Rogers: Thank you Michael.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Russo from Ladenburg.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Tracy Bridge: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo: Could you just maybe comment on the Minnesota PUCs vote earlier this month on the rate case and then historically, its been the one jurisdiction where youve experienced lag, and Im wondering with this vote and outcome, are you able to earn your ROE?
Scott Prochazka: I will ask Joe to answer this.
Joe McGoldrick: Yes, the Minnesota PUC deliberated on the final order last week and while we are not in receipt of the final order yet, we expect that early June sometime. They did make some decisions and especially with regard to the cost of capital. So let me share a few of those with you. They decided on a 9.49% ROE and a 50/50 debt equity capital structure. We were a little disappointed in that 7.7% of that debt capital was at short-term rates. But while we were disappointed in that, we do anticipate that the final rate increase amount when we get the final order will be in line with our expectations for the financial performance of the business and consistent with our overall guidance, and we do expect to be able to continue to earn right at that allowed ROE. And we really dont experience much lag in Minnesota once weve filed a case because we are allowed to put interim rates into effect, and those have been in effect at the $48 million level since sometime last year.
Brian Russo: Okay, thanks. And I think the strategy is to file every two years in Minnesota. So in year two, do you experience any ROE degradation?
Joe McGoldrick: There could be some, Brian, after we get the new rates into effect, but, as you said, we are on track to continue to file every other year, and we have substantial rate base additions that we are continuing to make there. And so we will do everything in our power with O&M and other decoupling mechanisms certainly helps because that captures the lag from  or not the lag, but any under recovery from usage variation. So we will do everything we can to earn as well as we can towards that allowed return.
Brian Russo: Okay. And then, lastly, is there any changes or updates to your previously disclosed multi-year CapEx forecast and rate-based CAGRs?
Joe McGoldrick: No, not to what we shared back at the fourth-quarter call back in February.
Brian Russo: All right, great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Nick Raza from Citigroup Research.
Nick Raza: Thanks, guys. Really two quick questions. The first is relating to the Continuum acquisition. Is that acquisition going to require additional capital, or is that already part of the number thats been thrown out there, the about $80 million number?
Joe McGoldrick: No, that wont require any additional capital. As you mentioned, the purchase price was $77.5 million plus working capital adjustments, and we are working very diligently to integrate that acquisition and we expect to have that completed within the next few months. And that will contribute to our growing income at CES, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, of $40 million to $50 million on an annual basis starting in 2017.
Nick Raza: And I guess on an unrelated note, in terms of guarantees to Enable, specifically debt and performance for the G&P business, understanding that one of the guarantees expired, I believe it was for debt on May 1, what should we think about in terms of whats left?
Bill Rogers: Hi, Nick, its Bill. Those guarantees relate to our tax basis in Enable and so they may expire or may look to put other guarantees on in order to manage our tax position.
Nick Raza: Okay, are all of them tax-based, or are some of them performance-based as well?
Bill Rogers: Yes. They are all tax based
Nick Raza: Okay.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Nick.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: Good morning. Tracy, I had a question for you. You made the comment that the depreciation was running higher because of the amount and the type. If you could just clarify that for me. Is that because the projects were not subject to the DCRF, or is it because the type of CapEx was shorter life? If you could just give a little more color there, I would appreciate it.
Tracy Bridge: Sure. We closed a significant of projects to rate base in the fourth quarter of last year, so that contributed to increase in rate base and the increase in depreciation. We also had capital with shorter depreciable lives that increased the composite rate. So its a combination of more rate base and a higher composite rate related to, including but not limited to, IT capital.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So the fact that  we are really not seeing any increase in lag because of the 2% plus customer growth necessarily?
Tracy Bridge: Thats correct.
Charles Fishman: That creates an issue  okay, okay. And then my second question is, Bill, this is for you on Continuum. I thought  my memory might be off on this  that when you closed that deal, you thought if things went well that it could maybe push your utility guidance to the upper end. I realize you are only a month into it, but are things going well?
Bill Rogers: As Joe stated in his remarks, we are well on our way to integrating Continuum. We closed on April 1 and today is May 10, so we do expect it to be modestly accretive this year, but I think its too early in the process to report as to how much that might be.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Fair enough. Thats all I had. Thank you.
Bill Rogers: Thanks, Charles.
Operator: We do have a follow-up from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys, just kind of about free cash flow. I mean if I look at what you did in the quarter just cash from operating activities minus cash from investing activities generated if I recall correctly right around $100 million, and this isnt exactly your biggest quarter. If I look at various forecasts, consensus numbers, etc., you are in a position where you might be able to generate a decent amount of annual free cash flow before the dividend payment. How do you think about other uses, especially as CapEx kind of moderates in the 2017, 2018 timeframe? How do you think about other uses for that free cash flow?
Bill Rogers: As I said in our prepared remarks, we are very pleased with our cash generation from operations, and the way we look at that is to back out the funds collected for principal amortization associated with transition bonds, as well as the interest expense associated with that. But that cash from operations the first quarter, you are right, covered our CapEx, covered our dividends and we paid down $100 million in debt, so very strong. For the year, as I said, we are expecting to borrow incrementally $150 million and we said on the year-end call that 2017 looks like we will be paying down debt. So weve not thought beyond that with respect to other uses. Its a balance between capital investment on behalf of our customers, maintaining our solid credit quality and then thinking through what we do for our shareholders.
Michael Lapides: Understood. As we look at the CapEx forecast you gave at the end of the year, with the continued moderation in the outer years, it almost seems like, unless you are targeting a significant lower debt to cap at the holding company level  and you might be  or a significantly different FFO to debt, or unless you are preparing for a deterioration elsewhere in the business, that you are going to be in a very strong cash position as we get a couple years further out in time. So I didnt know if there were some thoughts about allocating both to the debt and the equity side of the balance sheet?
Bill Rogers: We will be thinking about that, but weve not shared any thoughts on that at this time, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Bill.
Operator: Your next question is from Lasan Johong from Auvila Research Consulting.
Lasan Johong: Good morning.
Bill Rogers: Good morning.
Lasan Johong: Thank you. Quick question on Continuum. Now that youve closed that transaction, could you go over what your strategy for the Energy Services business will be going forward? One of the most obvious question would be theres a big gigantic hole on the East Coast where there is no presence. Is that something you will look to fill in? Are you looking for more acquisitions? Are you looking for more organic growth? Are there new programs coming in? Give us a good idea of what you want to do with that business.
Joe McGoldrick: And Lasan, this is Joe again. Good morning.
Lasan Johong: Good morning.
Joe McGoldrick: We dont have a big presence in the East and we really dont add much in that regard with this acquisition, but it clearly gives us additional scale and reach in particular in some of the markets in the West; gives us a bigger presence in Colorado, for example, which weve been trying to do because we think theres opportunities out there. Some of the things that we are already finding in terms of synergies with that acquisition is they have some good relationships with government and school districts, and so we are using that to complement our national accounts and some of the other customers where we have a strong presence. And then just in general to take advantage of scale economies as we put these two businesses together. We think we are going to have several opportunities on the supply side and other areas to be more efficient and to hopefully capture better margins as we integrate the two businesses.
Lasan Johong: So essentially tactical maneuvering, no big strategic initiatives like say we start a completely new line of business under the Energy Services banner?
Joe McGoldrick: What we might get with the acquisition is they had some choice customers and we used to be in that business. What I mean by choice is residential customers being able to choose their provider for natural gas. And so we think that might present an opportunity to us within CES for a new line of business, as you say. And weve got a great customer platform in our utility business, and so we will see if we can pick up some additional opportunities in that particular segment of the business.
Lasan Johong: Very good. Thank you very much for your time.
Operator: Our last question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha: I wanted to clarify, in your opening remarks, you were talking about usage certain customers may have come down. So is customer growth, that 2% number, is that still a good proxy for weather-normalized electric sales growth, or are you seeing a degradation there from customer usage coming down?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, the answer to your question is yes. It is a good proxy for it. So we are not seeing a reduction in use per customer. The comments about reduced usage had to do with a year-over-year comparison based on the implications of weather, the changes in weather. So when we weather-normalize, we end up with usage that continues to hold essentially flat at the residential level.
Ali Agha: Flat 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, flat on a use-per-customer basis.
Ali Agha: Use per customer, okay. And then when you looked at the Houston Electric results, you were actually down year-over-year. Was that budgeted? I mean, how does that fit into the strength overall in really that you are planning for the year?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, it doesnt change our forecast for the year. We still  its all part of our consolidated guidance that weve given. We anticipated some of this, I will say, because some of this is timing. Theres a timing element involved with right-of-way revenues, as well as with some of the O&M expense. So its down in large part due to what I will call timing-related events that we were anticipating, and those will be compensated for, reversed, throughout the balance of the year.
Ali Agha: Okay, okay. And then, lastly, relative to normal or year-over-year, can you quantify for us what was the weather impact in the electric business?
Scott Prochazka: We are looking that up. Hold on one second.
Bill Rogers: Ali, one way to think about this would be the heating degree days at the electric business, which is Texas, which were 86% of normal compared to 135% in the first quarter of last year. On the gas side, as Joe said, we are largely hedged, so those heating degree days were 87% this first quarter compared to 113% of last year.
Ali Agha: Okay. Overall, Bill, on a bottom-line basis, was weather, I mean can you just give us a sense of what weather really did for earnings?
Bill Rogers: Weather had some effect, but not material effect to us in the quarter, largely because of the hedging mechanisms that we have in the gas business that Joe reviewed, as well as our hedge in the electric business which we use for the winter. So we intend to mitigate weather impacts as much as possible and practical.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I think the non  after the hedging, the impact was probably less than $5 million for the quarter.
Ali Agha: I see. Pre-tax?
Scott Prochazka: Yes.
Ali Agha: Okay. Thank you.
Bill Rogers: Thank you.
David Mordy: And that concludes our first quarter earnings call. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energys first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director of Investor Relations Scott Prochazka - President and Chief Executive Officer Tracy Bridge - Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division Joseph McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division William Rogers - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering Ali Agha - SunTrust Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Faisal Khan - Citigroup John Edwards - Credit Suisse Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Charles Fishman - Morningstar Kamal Patel - Wells Fargo Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2015 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements' remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter 2015 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management, who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which along with our Form 10-K, have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and post to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and we encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2016. The utility operations guidance range considers performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rates, interest rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards, the value of ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark-to-market and the inventory. In providing midstream investments guidance related to the company's 55.4% limited partner ownership interest in Enable, the company takes into account such factors as the Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortization of our basis difference in Enable and other factors. The company does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards, impairments, or Enable Midstream's unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. 2015 was a strong year for CenterPoint, our Utility operations performed well, helping us to achieve our earnings objective on a guidance bassist by earning at the top end of our guidance range. Enable made a strong contribution to our earnings as well. Following in the middle of the guidance range, we had provided at the start of 2015. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full year adjusted earnings were $475 million or $1.10 per diluted share. During 2015, we were focused on creating shareholder value through sustainable earnings growth. Our intention remains to grow annual EPS 4% to 6% through 2018. Given the reduction and Enable's unit price throughout the year, we recorded non-cash impairment charges in both the third and fourth quarters of 2015. As a result, this morning we reported a loss of $692 million or a loss of $1.61 per diluted share for 2015, compared with net income of $611 million or $1.42 per diluted share in 2014. Bill will discuss more about the impairments later in the call. Slide four highlights several of the components that drove our 2015 performance. We continue to see strong customer growth in both our electric and gas utilities. Combined, our utilities added nearly 80,000 new customers in 2015. Our collective rate base grew 10%. We obtain $90 million in annualized rate relief excluding $48 million of interim rate relief in Minnesota that will be decided upon in 2016. Further, we continue to focus attention on O&M and financing cost. The collective impact of these components led to 2015 utility operations earnings of $0.79 per diluted share compared with base line 2014 utility earnings of $0.70 per share, an increase of nearly 13%. Each year we conduct an annual assessment and prioritization of capital needs driven by requirements around safety, growth, maintenance and reliability. As you will see in Tracy's and Joe's slides, our planned capital expenditures for the upcoming years, while remaining well above historic levels will be down from the peak expenditure level of 2015. Associated with this reduction, we anticipate our utility rate base growth will more closely track utility earnings growth allowing us to maintain our 4% to 6% earnings growth target for CenterPoint Energy as a whole. Our plan assumes, we maintain ROEs at or near our allowed returns. On slide five, you can see EPS on a guidance basis for last year, as well as our target for 2016. The percentage of earnings from our utilities is expected to increase from about 65% in 2014 to 75% to 80% in 2016. Also the utilities provided over 80% of the cash flow in 2015. As our utilities continue to grow, they provide a larger [indiscernible] that can help mitigate additional commodity driven earnings challenges that may impact Enable. Our 2016 EPS guidance of $1.12 to $1.20 represents solid growth following a very strong performance in 2015. We anticipate this growth will be built upon many of the same factors that drove us forward in 2015, growing service territories, management of capital, and timely recovery on of our investments. These factors will continue to be aided by ongoing attention to financing and operating cost. Turning the midstream investments, we believe continued focus on Enable's financial performance and balance sheet strength translates into value for CenterPoint Energy shareholders. Despite the commodity environment, Enable remains financially sound with solid fundamentals and encouraging operating statistics. I have noted some of the key takeaways from Enable's call last week on slide six. Producers remain active within Enable's footprint, currently there are 28 rigs drilling wells to connect to Enable System in Anadarko basin. Enable's processing and transportation volumes are up over 2014 and their Bear Den system in the Bakken has increased volumes by 6,500 barrels per day in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to the third quarter of 2015. From a financing perspective, Enable will have no debt maturities due this year or in 2017. And as of year-end 2015, reported $1.2 billion available under their credit facility. CenterPoint's core strategy remains to operate, maintain, and invest in our current utility service territories, deploying capital to address needs for system growth, maintenance, reliability, safety and customer interactions. Beyond our core strategy, we continue to look for additional opportunities to grow earnings. On slide - as shown on slide seven, we recently announced two transactions that demonstrate our commitment pursuing sustainable earnings growth. First, we announced that we would be using funds paid to us by Enable for outstanding debt to invest in a preferred security at Enable. This is an accretive investment for CenterPoint shareholders with a return of 10%. Additionally, we announced an earnings accretive acquisition of Continuum's retail energy business, which expands our profitable low-risk energy services business. As for our announcement about strategic reviews, over the past 12 months to 18 months, we've been asked by many investors about two topics. Enable's fit within our portfolio and separately, whether we would consider forming a REIT for utility assets. In response, we have announced we will independently study each for sustainable value creation. I want to stress that we are in the evaluation stage. Long-term shareholder value creation and long-term business model sustainability, our top priorities in our evaluation process. We will not pursue actions that provide only short-term financial benefits or that will negatively impact our ability to serve our customers and address the growing needs of our vibrate service territories. We do not plan to answer questions as premature discussions could prove confusing and distracting to the process. We plan to share, as we reach conclusions and while we have no definitive timeline we anticipate providing an update during the second half of 2016. Turning to slide eight, I will conclude my comments by acknowledging the commitment and accomplishments of our employees. Their dedication to our vision of leadership could be seen through the awards we have we received. For example, J.D. power and Associates, which measures customer satisfaction, rank each of our gas distribution companies in the top four in the respective regions. We ranked first in operational satisfaction in natural gas operations, and we're named an Environmental Champion by Cogent energy reports in the Midwest. Cogent also identified our electric utility as ranking number one in Texas for customer engagement. Effective customer service strengthens our relationships with the customers and reinforces with regulators, our commitment to provide reliable utility service to the communities we serve. In closing, let me reiterate that we remain committed to our vision to lead the nation in delivering energy service and value. We will continue to invest in our energy delivery systems, to better serve our customers and to seek timely recovery of those investments. Tracy will now update you on electric operations.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. 2015 was another strong year for Houston Electric. Slide 10, core operating income was $502 million in 2015, compared to $477 million in 2014, representing a 5% increase. The business benefited from higher transmission and distribution related revenues, customer growth, and increased usage due to our return to more normal weather. These benefits were partially offset by lower equity return related to true-up proceeds. Lower energy efficiency bonus including the absence of a one-time energy efficiency bonus received in 2014, higher depreciation and lower right of way revenues. Turning to slide 11, Houston Electric added nearly 50,000 metered customers last year, which equates to 2% year-over-year growth. The Houston area added 27,000 net new jobs last year and the Greater Houston Partnership is projecting approximately 22,000 net new jobs this year, mostly from healthcare and construction industries. We anticipate approximately 2% metered customer growth in 2016. Recent monthly metered addition support that plan growth rate. We continue to meet O&M expense management goals. Houston Electric held O&M expenses flat last year compared to 2014 excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We will continue our efforts in 2016 as we work to keep annual O&M expense growth under 2%. Last year, Houston Electric received approval for approximately $67 million in annualized transmission and distribution related rate relief. About 90% of our capital investment is eligible for recovery using our annual cost recovery mechanisms. Transmission cost of service or TCOS and distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF. We expect to file DCRF in April and the TCOS in the second half of this year. We do not anticipate Houston Electric general rate filing in 2016, 2017 or 2018. Turning to slide 12, Houston Electric invested $934 million of capital in 2015, which represents a 14% increase over 2014 primarily due to load growth investments. Our new five-year plan includes $3.7 billion of capital expenditures. This investment will be used to improve service reliability and system resiliency and support load growth and ongoing system maintenance. By the way, work has begun on the largest project in our capital plan, the Brazos Valley Connection. Last month, the Public Utility Commission of Texas approved a certificate of convenience and necessity for Houston Electric to construct this project. We anticipate total capital spend of $270 million to $310 million and completion by mid-2018. As you all see on slide 13, rate base is projected to grow at a 5.2% compound annual growth rate through the five year plan. I'm very pleased with Houston Electric's performance in 2015 and our forecast for 2016. I'll now, turn the call over to Joe McGoldrick for an update on natural gas operations.
Joseph McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Natural gas operations, which includes both our natural gas utilities and our non-regulated energy services business, had another strong year. Natural gas utilities operating income in 2015 was $273 million, compared to $287 million in 2014. As you'll see on slide 15, $25 million of the decline in operating income is primarily due to return to more normal weather in 2015, when compared to the extreme weather in the first half of 2014. Rate release, customer growth, and other revenues added to operating income, but we're partially offset by an increase and depreciation and other taxes. Customer growth remains strong at our utilities, having added nearly 30,000 customers, since the fourth quarter of 2014, a 1% increase. The strongest growth occurred in Minnesota and Texas and we expect similar customer growth of approximately 1% in the foreseeable future. We managed operating cost effectively in 2015, O&M expenses were flat versus 2014, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets We remain committed to disciplined O&M expense management. We continue to invest in infrastructure and technology. For example, our natural gas utilities completed the deployment of drive-by meter reading technology to 3.4 million meters and we continue with our pipeline replacement projects such as cast iron and bare steel in Arkansas and our Minnesota Belt Line project. These investments are improving the safety, reliability and efficiency of our gas distribution system. We are also executing on our multi-jurisdictional regulatory strategy. Filing base rate increase request in Minnesota and Arkansas, as well as annual GRIP filings and other annual mechanisms. In 2015, approximately 90% of our capital spend was eligible for recovery through a combination of annual mechanisms and forward test years. The general rate case that was filed last year in Minnesota, requesting a $54.1 million annual increase, is on track and we expect to file an order in third quarter of 2016. Interim rates of $47.8 million went into effect in October of last year. Additionally, we filed a general rate case in Arkansas in November 2015. This is the first general rate filing, we have made there since 2007, requesting $35.6 million in annualized rate recovery. As part of the filing, we requested approval of a formula rate plan is allowed by new legislation. The formula rate plan will allow our rates to be prospectively adjusted, based on a banded ROE approach and a projected test year. We expect the final decision in new base rates to be implemented in the third quarter of 2016. Turning to slide 16, we invested $601 million in our natural gas utilities last year, which represents a 14% increase over 2014. The increase was a combination of growth activity and public improvement projects, primarily in Minnesota and Texas in addition to system maintenance activities across all jurisdictions. Our revised five year capital plan includes $2.3 billion. We are prioritizing capital investments with a focus on safety, reliability and growth. With our automated meter reading capital project now complete and public improvement expenditures expected to decline, our 2016 capital will return to a more normal level. As you can see on slide 17, rate base is projected to grow at 6.2% compound annual growth rate through the five year plan. Anticipate that capital prioritization and effective implementation of our regulatory strategy will result in convergence of rate based growth and operating income growth over the next five years. On slide 18, you'll see the 2015 operating income for our energy services business was $38 million, compared to $23 million in 2014, excluding mark-to-market gains of $4 million and $29 million, respectively. Our energy services business realized solid customer growth and has increased operating income substantially over the last two years. The business also benefited from improved margins, a reduction in O&M expense, and a lower inventory adjustment in 2015. Energy services is a profitable business segment that complements our gas distribution business and allows us to provide gas purchase options to CenterPoint customers across multiple states. We have worked hard to grow the commercial retail business within energy services, including by entering into an agreement to acquire continuing retail energy services business subject to customary closing conditions. With similar business models and commitment to customer service, this transaction position, energy services to have access to more markets and officially grow our customer base by over 30% across 26 states. Moreover, our businesses share a common footprint and we expect to capture synergies and reduce G&A over time as we leverage economies of scale. Transactions expected to increase annual gross margin by approximately 40%. With the addition of Continuum, we expect energy services to contribute $40 million to $50 million of annual operating income. Details for the transaction are provided on slide 19. Our natural gas operations achieved strong operational and financial results in 2015. We are confident that our businesses will continue to grow in 2016 and beyond as we continue to enhance service to our customers and communities and create long-term value for our stakeholders. I'll now turn the call over to Bill who will cover financial activities.
William Rogers: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everyone. I will begin by summarizing comments from Scott, Tracy and Joe to review the contributors to our utility operations performance from our base line of $0.70 per share in 2014 to 79% per share delivered in 2015. The primary contributors to this EPS growth were a $0.06 year-on-year improvement in Houston Electric and $0.05 year-on-year improvement at energy services. These improvements were offset in part by higher income taxes. As noted by Tracy and Joe, holding O&M flat contributed to the year-on-year EPS performance at our utility operations. As we have shared with you in the past several quarters, we are working on delivering consistent 4% to 6% annual EPS growth. On slide 21, you'll see a few points regarding our guidance, our 4% to 6% growth target begins with the 2015 EPS on a guidance basis of a $1.10 per share. The $0.02 net accretion from our investment in Enable preferred, plus a net $0.04 from our combined utility operations and midstream investment brings us to the mid-point of our 2016 EPS guidance. The EPS from the utility operations is expected to increase whereas the EPS from our midstream investment is expected to decline. As Scott noted in his comments, strong performance from utility operations, which is 80% of our EPS guidance is expected to offset the anticipated decline in the EPS at midstream investments. I'll also provide some detail on the components of our EPS guidance. For utility operations, the midpoint of 2016's $0.88 to $0.92 EPS forecast relative to $.79 in 2015 consists of $0.05 from operating income, $0.02 from lower interest expense and $0.04 from the dividend income associated with our recent preferred investment in Enable. For our midstream investments, Enable provided their earnings forecast on the February 17, earnings call. This earnings forecast translated into $0.19 to $0.25 EPS for CenterPoint after accruing for income taxes. That forecast range, plus the accounting income of accretion translates into our guidance of $0.24 to $0.28 for the midstream contribution to our combined 2016 EPS estimate. There are certain factors which drive variation within the guidance range, which we have included in our disclosure and on page 21. Lower commodity prices are primary example of this. If oil prices declined to $20 per barrel, we anticipate EPS from Midstream investments would be at the low end of the $0.24 to $0.28 range. Similarly continued favorable interest rates versus the year-end forward curves or exceeding our goals for Continuum integration and customer retention to move our utility operations EPS to the high end of their range. As with 2015, we are confident in our ability to deliver within our guidance range under a variety of circumstances. Turning to slide 22. CenterPoint's fourth quarter 2015 earnings reflects a pre-tax non-cash impairment charge of $984 million, all related to our investment and Enable Midstream. This impairment recognizes the decline in the estimated fair value of our balance sheet investment, which was $15.41 per unit as of September 30th , 2015. Within Enable unit price of just over $9 at year-end, it was appropriate for us to again review the investment for impairment. With these non-cash charges, we have reduced our balance sheet investment in Enable Midstream from $3.6 billion to $2.6 billion. The new per unit value of a $11.09 as of year-end is calculated using multiple methods and includes the value of our limited partner common and subordinated units and our general partner and incentive distribution rights. Importantly, these impairments do not affect the company's liquidity, cash flow, or compliance with debt covenants. After the impairment, the equity percentage and the capital structure is 36% at CenterPoint and at the CERC level the impairment along with a recent $363 million dividend from CERC to the holding company provides a pro forma equity capital of 55% at CERC. On slide 23 we provide a forecast of our financing plans. Importantly we do not anticipate issuing equity in 2016. Part of the reason for this is the strength of our cash flow in 2015 and our expectations for similarly strong cash flow from operations in 2016. To illustrate this, in 2015 CenterPoint made a record capital investments of nearly $1.6 billion. Our cash flow covered all capital expenditures in 2015. As a result, our net increase in borrowings were only $330 million. We anticipate continued strong cash flow in upcoming years with forecast of net debt of only $150 million by year end 2016. With this limited net increase in debt our cash flow coverages and our balance sheet are protected to further improve relative to 2015. During 2015 we work to provide for a more flexible debt structure. This resulted in similar interest expense in 2015 relative to 2014 despite increased borrowings, and as I mentioned in previous comments we anticipate continuing to lower interest expense in 2016. With respect to income tax provisions slide 24 also notes our 2015 effective tax rates as well as the anticipated 36% effective tax rate for 2016. I'll close by reminding you of the $0.2575 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 20. This represents a 4% increase over the previous quarterly dividend and marks the 11th consecutive year, we have increased our dividend. With that, I will now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger?
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Congratulations on the strong quarter. Just had a couple of questions and I apologize in advance if I'm crossing the line here as far as the discussion that you want to have with strategic review. But I was just curious if you could tell us whether the reconsideration is adjust with the electric assets or is the gas assets part of that process? And is there anything that you could share with us as far as what steps or factors are being considered in this process and how - any factors that you can share with us in the evaluation of the restructure?
Scott Prochazka: Yeah, Jeremy, I hate to disappoint you, but given that we're really at the front end of this evaluation, we're not really prepared to make comments on the strategic reviews at this time, but our plan remains to update everybody once we have something to share or a little bit later in the year.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay, great. I appreciate that. That's it from me. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: Hi good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: I was curious the $3.7 billion capital spending plan at Houston Electric, how much of that is contingent upon the 2% customer growth that so for you've been seeing, if that customer growth does come down, is the capital plan affected meaningfully?
Scott Prochazka: Neel, I'll make a quick comment, then I'll ask Tracy to expand on it. The short answer to your question is it's not linked very heavily to the customer addition number that we've talked about and that has to do with the various categories in which we are investing for growth and it goes well beyond just the addition of new meters for the residential sector. Tracy, if you'd like to add to that?
Tracy Bridge: I really don't have much to add to that, Neel. You know that we have to plan into the future for this, for this grid and while we're fairly confident that we're going to continue to see strong customer growth, these capital numbers as Scott said are not directly linked to that. Neel for example, we're investing a lot in transmission level of the infrastructure substations that type of thing and those are not that type of growth is not linked to a residential customer addition.
Neel Mitra: Got it. And then, in regards to the strategic review just a very general question. Is there a reasoning or thought process behind, I'm setting an expectation for the specifically the second half of the year, for an update, can you maybe provide any color on that?
Scott Prochazka: We don't have a specific timeline, but we think that there is a reasonable window in which we would expect to get back to folks with some information or conclusions from the work they were doing. So, we feel that towards the end of the year, we've got a high degree of confidence will be at least able to update, if not to provide conclusions.
Neel Mitra: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Ali Agha: First question. Big picture, Scott just to understand what you guys are looking at, the strategic review, are these mutually exclusive events thinking about exit from Enable and REIT. Are they somehow linked? And also, again big picture, consistently you've been telling us that the Enable exit is very complicated by the fact but there's a huge tax liability that would suddenly come due. Has that issue been resolved or is that still part of this review?
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, going to your first question. These are independent analysis, first of all, so, to answer that. And then secondly, with respect to the question about the tax issue, the tax issue is still very much there and part of our consideration. Doug, I don't know if you want anything to that.
William Rogers: Ali, one way. I thank for you to think about the tax issue is to take a look at our deferred tax footnote in our 2015 Form 10-K, where you'll see an accrual estimate of the deferred tax liability of $1.2 billion. That's derived from our accrual balance sheet estimated value of Enable of $11.6, which we just describe relative to the basis in Enable.
Ali Agha: Okay.
William Rogers: So maybe that's more information you wanted, but that's one way you can think through what that might be if we were sell the units for cash.
Ali Agha: Right. That's helpful. My second question, again to the 4% to 6% EPS growth guidance, since you originally articulated that the Enable outlook has gotten worse and I think your rate base growth numbers have come down as well from previous numbers, so what has incrementally gotten better that you are still in that same guidance with the lower rate base growth number and a worse outlook for Enable?
Scott Prochazka: Bill, I'll ask you to answer this.
William Rogers: Certainly. So, I reviewed some of this in the prepared remarks earlier where we went from $0.79 to the mid-point of our $0.88 to $0.92, for the utility operations. The three components of that which I addressed were $0.05 better operating income, lower interest expense of $0.02 and $0.04 from the preferred. The operating income is achieved through increase in revenues associated with various rate filings as well as the O&M discipline, which both Tracy and Joe mentioned, but we're expecting a strong year out of both utilities. Tracy or Joe.
Scott Prochazka: I think that's right Bill. We've had good track record in our gas utilities and of course with the addition or the better performance at CES over the last couple of years and the hopefully closing on the Continuum acquisition, we continue to see growth in operating income and our gas business that is very close to the rate base growth.
Tracy Bridge: [indiscernible] admit it, suffice to saying one more time, this strength and the 80% of our business covers off the challenges and the 20% of our Enable Midstream portion of our business.
Scott Prochazka: And Ali, I'll add one other comment, just remind you back when we were first talking about this growth rate, we had indicated that we had done our own evaluation in terms of stress testing, Enable's performance in our ability to hit that 4% to 6% growth rate under a number of conditions.
Ali Agha: Great. Scott, but just to be clear, I mean your rate base growth numbers have come down. I was looking more in the five-year outlook, not just 2016 outlook. So what has changed in your thinking that with a lower rate base growth, the release will actually grow at a faster pace than previously thought.
Scott Prochazka: I think Ali, if you take a look at it the rate base growth and the operating income and EPS growth are all converging together within that 4% to 6% range. So there are variety of factors. One is thinking hard about the capital we invest after coming off of a record year and Joe and Tracy described why it was record year. The regulatory lag and the fact that in this current plan over five years, we see a very modest amount of equity as part of our capital formation.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Couple of questions. So first, just a clarification, Bill, on the comments from the 10-K and Enable deferred tax of $1.2 billion.
William Rogers: Yes.
Steve Fleishman: Part in this, but just, is that basically your negative tax basis in Enable? Is that equivalent to that or is that basic - yeah.
William Rogers: Right. So, I'll answer that Steve. So that number is derived from the accrual value that we have on our books, less our basis which you're right to suggest that it's negative and then multiplying by 35%.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Okay. And then just on the Texas economy and the impact of the energy collapse and all of that stuff, obviously didn't seem to fluctuate at all in 2015 and so far things still seem to be growing, can you just maybe give a little bit more color overall on just kind of whatever data points or color on how the economies likely to hold up given what you're seeing?
Scott Prochazka: Steve, I'll give you one piece of color. It took me about an hour and 20 minutes to get into work this morning because of all the traffic which is a one sign that the economy is still robust but I'll ask Tracy to make some comments about what we look at it in terms of our views on how the economy is performing.
Joseph McGoldrick: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Good morning.
Joseph McGoldrick: As I mentioned in my comments, Greater Houston partnership is projecting some 22,000 net new jobs this year, it's obviously not in the energy industry but we realize and benefit from a more diversified economy than what we had 30 years or 35 years ago, the healthcare, construction industries, if you see the Houston Skyline, you still see cranes all around the downtown area. So we still look at 2% growth this year. One of the notable metrics that I look at is what are we doing with customers on a month over month basis and then for January, we saw healthy residential customer growth and that's a sign that, that the economy while it may be slowing down a little bit. It's not appearing to slow down very much. So, the jury is still out. We still have a 10.5 months to go, but so far so good in terms of what we're seeing with customer growth.
Scott Prochazka: Steve, you've heard me comment and, I think, Tracy has commented as well in the past about the number of crews that we have out putting infrastructure into subdivisions ahead of the builders coming and in building homes. We track those crews and that activity. This - right now, we have more crews working now than we did a year ago. And the - we also track housing inventory in the area to see if there is a rise in the housing inventory and that number has stayed very, very healthy at being a low number. It's about three-and-half months of inventory against what many consider to be a more balanced market of about six months and that number is really not changing that much either. So, we're still seeing a lot of indicators that suggest the housing sector is still very strong and that we're not building up inventories of homes that are sitting around.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just I guess lastly, just the - is the dividend strategy the same that kind of tie into dividend growth to earnings growth through 2018?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. It is. Our messaging around this is that we're going to have dividends follow earnings and our earnings growth target is as we've shared with you, 4% to 6% over this period.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Faisal Khan from Citigroup.
Faisal Khan: Thanks. Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
Faisal Khan: Good morning. Just want to make sure I understood sort of the - sort of modest amount of equity needs with the growth in rate base. So it sounds like that could all be sort of taking care of the [indiscernible] program, but does that also sort of - does it require the distributions from Enable or is this sort of independent of the Enable distributions?
William Rogers: Faisal, its Bill. So, I said modest over the five year horizon. If you wanted to take today's equity market cap of CenterPoint and sort of derive what modest might mean, it would be low single-digits as a percentage of today's equity market cap over five years, so not in each of five years, over five. To look at it in another way, if we were to use our group program and other ongoing programs in any given year if that were maxed out that might be $200 million of equity, we didn't use it last year or prior year nor are we looking at it this year. With respect to how we think about distributions to Enable's and how that fits in as Scott mentioned in his opening comments, Enable's contribution to our cash flow was less than 20%. So, it's important to us, but it's not a driver in terms of our thinking about capital formation. Certainly, if there were a reduction in that cash flow, we'd have to take a hard look at our credit metrics and see if it would be appropriate issue, a little bit more equity.
Faisal Khan: Okay. That's very clear. Thank you guys. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Edwards from Credit Suisse.
John Edwards: Yeah, good morning, everybody. My parking garage in Downtown Houston has more spaces than it did before. So anecdotally there's - looks like some impact is -to your comment earlier, but thank you for your commenting on the - on the customer growth environment. So my question then would be just on energy services business, I'm just curious, how you envision the Continuum acquisition? How you envision leveraging that, maybe if you could give us a little color on the kind of the longer term growth outlook and plans for that?
Scott Prochazka: Joe, do you want to take this?
Joseph McGoldrick: Sure. Yeah. John, we plan on integrating that business fairly quickly after we close and as we've pointed out, it adds about 30% to our C&I customer base. Their business is in very similar service territories to what we have currently. So, we plan to take advantage of the scale and the reset we would have by adding those customers and continue to really deliver on what we've been delivering on we feel over the last few years in that business. And so that we - for example, we retain on average 92% of our customers over the last three years and with the addition of Continuum's customers, we can offer better products and services, perhaps more competitive pricing to our customers and just continue with the success that we've enjoyed over the last few years. So we're excited about this opportunity and think that the performance of the business over the last couple years demonstrates our ability to continue to grow that business as a complement to our gas utility.
John Edwards: Okay. That's helpful. Could you just comment on perhaps the kinds of additional products and services that you'd be contemplating?
Joseph McGoldrick: Well, we have - we're going to get - once we get the business integrated, we're going to look at some of the things that they've been doing compared to some of the things that we've been doing and just take the best of both in terms of giving additional services and pricing products to our customers. So for example in this low price environment, we're starting to see a lot of customers interested in locking these prices given the low levels and so with the bigger size of the business and some of the things that both companies have been doing. We will take advantage of that and stabilize those margins over an extended period of time.
John Edwards: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. That's it from me.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Michael.
Michael Lapides: Just I'm thinking about the utility in the parent EPS growth for 2016 from 2015 and then longer term because the growth from 2015 to 2016 going from $0.79 to almost $0.90. If I use your 4% to 6% EPS growth longer term that implies a much lower growth rate after 2016. I'm just kind of doing back of the envelope math. Am I missing something here or is that or is that fundamentally the way we should be thinking about this? Right, because 2015 to 2016 is almost 10% growth, so I'm just trying to think about what the growth rate is beyond that.
William Rogers: Right. So Michael, its Bill. I'll start with that, Scott and I have additional comments. We - first the income from the preferred investment, that should continue on. The savings from lower interest expense that should continue on and in fact there are more opportunities in 2017 and 2018 to take a look at interest expense management. And finally and most importantly I think you'll see an acceleration of the or could see an acceleration of the year-on-year operating income delivered by electric and gas. As they execute on the strategies, which Joe and Tracy has mentioned and as the rate base comes into our revenue requirement.
Michael Lapides: But why wouldn't that lead to a higher growth rate, if you're doing 10% in the first year, because you're capturing the benefit of a lot of head stuff, the financing - the initial financing savings, the Enable preferred, you're capturing that in a10% growth this year. I'm just curious why it wouldn't, if there are other incremental things that are going to happen in 2017 and beyond and you are doing 10% in the first year, why your long-term growth rate would have been a higher number?
William Rogers: Michael, I think one way you can think of this is the items that have - that we've executed like the preferred for example, that just provides the step change that continues going forward. But the base business, we're still committing to a 4% to 6% growth. So if you've had some things and here that provide a step change like a Continuum or like a - like the preferred than we would intend to grow off half of that higher base is established by those - those new levels of earnings for those new earnings amount.
Michael Lapides: Got it. One another thing just on cash flow, when I think about the CenterPoint dividend, how much of that dividend comes from cash that is being up streamed by either the Houston Electric T&D business or the gas distribution or energy services business and how much of that dividend is either coming from the Enable contributions or from things like parent debt or other items?
Scott Prochazka: Right. Michael that would vary from year-to-year beginning with recognition that the cash distributions from Enable come into CERC, which owns the LDCs as well as our CES, CIP business and Enable. So when we take a look at CERC's balance sheet and determine what's the appropriate strength of that balance sheet and through its earnings, cash flow, determine how much we would dividend out of CERC on any given year. We could - as I said, after the impairment and then pro forma for the dividend distribution associated with Enable's paying down debt to CERC, their balance sheet is at 55%. So we'll start with that balance sheet. On the Houston Electric side, again, it depends upon their sources and uses of cash as well as their earnings for the year, but we target to maintain a 45% equity of the capital and then dividend funds after that. Now, going to the dividend, which clearly stayed as the holding company, the sort the whether it's borrowings from holding company or whether it's fully sourced from CERC and Houston Electric, will depend on how much dividend they make and the borrowings of the holding company make after that.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Yeah. I just - I asked that question only because if I look at what happened in the MLP world over the last six months to nine months. The dividend yields of certain stocks sometimes send the signal in the market implying a potential dividend cut of the MLP. And what I'm just trying to think about, and I look at this across all the utilities, we covered that own MLPs right now. Is though the risk that if there is a distribution cut at the MLP level, what that means for the utility holding company's dividend level?
William Rogers: Well, Scott mentioned this, and I included it as response to an earlier question, remember that Enable is less than 20% of the cash flow of CenterPoint. Our utilities are strong and increasing their cash distributions. Second point, I put at, is that I mentioned really very little in the way of net incremental debt in 2016 and that's associated again with a strong cash flow of our utilities. So while if you're suggesting there is going to a change in the distribution from Enable, if that were to happen, I don't think it has a meaningful impact on us in the near-term given the relative amount of that cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet.
Michael Lapides: Got it, Bill. Thank you. I appreciate your taking the time and going to that level of detail [indiscernible] and a follow-up afterwards.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Macquarie.
Andrew Weisel: Hey, good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Andrew.
Andrew Weisel: Just have a look on that last line of questioning. If you were to divest or spin-off your stake of Enable, how would you think about the dividend under that scenario?
Scott Prochazka: If something like that were to happen, I think you'd have to rethink the whole picture. But again, it's too early to really provide any thoughts or any commentary on what that would look like other than to say, you would have to reconsider it in a more broad based.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Well, let me ask it this way then, could the CenterPoint Energy without Enable, support the current dividend and maybe would you consider taking on additional debt or use potential cash proceeds to sustain the current dividend?
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, I think there are lot of theoreticals there. So without Enable contemplates we've done something with our Enable ownership, but doesn't yet contemplate what the use of proceeds from that might be.
Andrew Weisel: So I guess it's essentially what I'm asking.
Tracy Bridge: And as Scott has said, we will be back to you as we conclude these reviews in the second half of this year.
Andrew Weisel: Okay. Understood. My other question is, it looks like the 2016 through 2019 CapEx plan has come down quite a bit from what you guided to a year ago that in addition to the bonus depreciation. That's obviously what's driving the lower rate base numbers, but on the CapEx itself. Can you give us some commentary as why the forecast has come down [indiscernible].
Scott Prochazka: I will give you some commentary. I'll ask these other gentlemen here, if they would like to add into that. Each year we sit down and go through an exercise to assess how much capital is needed in the out years and 2015 was a very high year. Some of the spend that was perhaps looked at for outer years had been pulled forward. And we've had reductions in other areas of public improvement that type of thing and then Joe mentioned earlier, we have completed some projects that are no longer going to continue into the future years. So it's really driven by the needs of the system and I will say that as you look further out there's less clarity about what that specific value looks like as you get out towards the end of the plan. And as we update the needs on an annual basis, you could see that number out there fluctuating based on needs for the system. Joe, Tracy do you want to add any color to that?
Tracy Bridge: Andrew, I will point you to pages 27 and 32 in the appendix. I think those are the best graphical representations, the answer to your question, and to make a more complicated story shorter and more digestible, two categories stand out. They are the categories in the red and the categories in the blue. They are the public and system improvements and load growth, and both of those represent the majority of the change in the capital structure. And I would just point out that it's not that all the rest of the years are anomalous, it's that 2015 was unusually high, the way I see it. So, I think that's the best answer to the question. But, Joe may have additional to share.
Joseph McGoldrick: Andrew, a very similar answer for gas. 2015, there was almost $70 million in there between our advanced, the completion of our Advanced Meter project. Public improvement that we don't expect to continue at that level and other expenditures such as some work we're doing on our new facilities in our Porcaro Tech Lead Detection technology, et cetera. So, 2015 was somewhat of an anomaly from a standpoint of the level of CapEx and we'll go back to more normal levels. In addition to that, we've done a good job, have worked hard to prioritize our capital especially in the near term, but we are meeting all of our needs in terms of integrity management, CapEx, et cetera and have an aggressive strategy still to replace cast iron and with bare steel and so on.
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, it's also - it also can be very difficult. Both of these gentlemen mentioned, it could be very difficult forecast public improvement dollars spend as that's something that is influenced by other activities around us. So that's certainly one of the category. I do want to highlight too though that, while the spend is reduced from prior plans and the rate base growth is impacted by not just the spend by bonus deprecation, we are essentially working hard to optimize and maintain the earnings at prior year levels that we've been talking about.
Andrew Weisel: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles Fishman: If I could just follow up on the last question though. I mean, yes, 2015 is higher, but if I can compare your new five year plan with the old five year plan, 2016 through 2019 the CapEx numbers for both T&D and Gas distribution are down 15% to 20%. So is that all coming from this public improvements area. I haven't any time to look at those slides in the appendix?
Scott Prochazka: Charles those are major contributors to it, but they are not the only, there is also some reductions as our folks look at the system particularly on the electric side, some reduction is associated with estimates around the growth capital that's needed to fill the needs of the system over this period. And Jo was there another - was there any other point for the gas business other than the public improvements.
William Rogers: I think as we've looked at prioritizing that capital and especially replacing old pipe and old infrastructure, part of what we are doing is taking advantage of our risk base system that we've had in place in the past but really fine tuning it to be very systematic in the way we go about that. So another words we want to replace the riskiest pipe first and so as we've gotten more clarity around how that occurs it's actually - we've actually determined that it doesn't need to be as much capital as we thought just a year ago. So that's another factor in our budget.
Charles Fishman: Scott, when you went into the annual planning process, did you ask your key people, because we are not as certain about what's going to happen with distributions to enable to reduce - to essentially extend out some of these projects that you had originally planned a year ago. Is that some what's going on?
Scott Prochazka: No, this is driven primarily by the assessments that boil up from the organization about the CapEx that's needed for things like maintenance, reliability, growth and those requirements and those inputs change year to year as the engineers are looking at the demands on the system and projects that are coming and going. Where they're being cited and as you look further out, I think it becomes less clear as to exactly what's going to occur in those particular years and as we revise this again, this coming year you could see some fluctuations in those out years like we've seen here, but we build this based on the operators input of what's needed to run these systems safely and reliably.
Charles Fishman: Will you plan going forward, Dennis to update the five-year plan every year, just once a year.
Scott Prochazka: Yes that's been our practice.
Charles Fishman: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kamal Patel from Wells Fargo.
Kamal Patel: Good morning, everyone. First of all thanks for adding slide 33. Provide some clarity on the rate case timeline. Bill, this question is probably more for you. Trying to get an idea if some of these debt numbers, the refinance $600 million in Houston. I'm guessing that's refinancing a short-term debt. And then the debt maturities at CenterPoint. And so, is that going to be refinanced or is that pending some clarity on the strategic review.
William Rogers: Sure. So, right. Today, we have approximately $1 billion in short-term debt outstanding against just over $6 billion in total debt. So we have conservative interest rate risk profile. Having said that, we recognize that Houston Electric, it's appropriate to term out some of that debt. So the 600 million that were terming out is just that. It's largely terming out existing short-term borrowings plus Houston Electric will be a borrower this year. It has a sizable CapEx per graph. And then the maturities, we have one maturity this year at CERC and then we have maturity next year at CERC and at the holding company. We'll take a look at how those might be refinanced as they come due and in the context of our balance sheet. As I said in my prepared remarks inclusive of our pending acquisition of Continuum, we only expect to have incremental borrowings this year of $150 million. Does that help?
Kamal Patel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our last question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: You guys have answered a lot of questions. I really have one very simple one and I apologize for not getting this clear. But the $2.6 billion of - that's associated with the current carrying value at Enable. What is the tax basis on that? If you could - I mean if you break that down to me. What would be the equivalent tax basis vis--vis the $11.6 or $2.6 billion.
William Rogers: Paul, this is Bill. Just to clarify where you working to connect the impartment relative to the tax. I'm working to sort of figure out what you guys are currently carrying at Enable in terms of on a tax basis, if you would actually do a taxable transaction associated with.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Got it. So the impairment for our investment in Enable is related to taxes that we might take. Should we sell Enable for cash and that they are accrual estimates, right. So we took an impairment charge based upon year end factors and brought down the balance sheet investment at Enable to $11.6, and then when we took down that balance sheet investment, it was - we needed to update and within our deferred taxes. What that deferred tax would be? So both are accrual estimates and the differed tax estimate is based both upon the balance sheet number as well as our current tax bases and Enable. And on an earlier call we were asked if that's negative, in fact it is, and we can help you through that math, but those are the factors. The actual tax obligation should we consider cash sale would be based upon the proceeds at that time and basis at that time. And the tax basis is what?
William Rogers: The current tax basis?
Paul Patterson: Yeah.
William Rogers: The way to derive that is again take your $11.06, the $1.2 billion in the tax footnote, and 35% you can derive tax basis, that is negative several hundred million dollars.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Okay. Thank you so much.
William Rogers: Okay, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Sorry for the clarification request. Thank you so much.
Scott Prochazka: I believe that was our final question. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We now conclude our fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Tracy Bridge - EVP and President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick - EVP and President, Gas Division Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tuder, Pickering Ali Agha - SunTrust David Fishman - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the Company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO will discuss our third quarter 2015 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investor section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release and our slides, which along with our Form 10-Q has been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and post to the investor section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions, growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2015. The guidance range considers utility operations performance to date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rates, interest rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the Company does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards, the value of ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of marked-to-market and inventory. For Midstream Investments, the Company takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortization of our bases difference in Enable and other factors. The Company does not include other potential impact such as any changes in accounting standards, impairments or Enable midstreams unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access that replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Third quarter 2015 adjusted earnings on a guidance basis or $146 million or $0.34 per diluted share compared with $128 million or $0.30 in 2014. On a guidance basis, as noted on slide four, utility operations contributed $0.24 per diluted share versus $0.19 in 2014. Midstream Investments contributed $0.10 per diluted share compared to $0.11 in 2014. On a GAAP basis we reported a loss of $391 million or a loss of $0.91 per diluted share. The loss includes non-cash impairment charges to midstream investments. Bill will discuss these results in more detail later in the call. Our businesses performed well with particularly strong contribution from our utility operations. Combined, our gas and electric utilities added more than 88,000 meters since the third quarter of 2014. As you will hear from Tracy and Joe, weve had a busy year on the regulatory front and we are pleased with our progress. We anticipate receiving approval this year for over $138 million in annualized utility rate relief, including interim rates. Additionally, we continue to actively manage O&M expenses which Tracy and Joe will also discuss later. Turning to our Midstream Investment, last week, as you may have seen the Enable Board Of Directors named Rod Sailor as the new CEO effective January 1st of 2016. Rod is a seasoned industry professional and I am confident that his knowledge of and experience in the midstream industry will be invaluable as Enable continues to execute its growth strategy. Enable recently announced the third quarter distribution of $0.318 per unit representing a year-to-date increase of about 3%. We are pleased to see their fifth consecutive quarterly increase since the IPO as they continued to navigate through this challenging commodity price environment. Slide five includes highlights from Enables recent earnings call. They continue to see volume growth around many parts of their system. In the Anadarko, 24 rigs are currently drilling wells scheduled to be connected to Enables system. Enables Bear Den oil gathering system is now flowing close to its stated capacity. Recent purchases of gas fields served by Enable in the Haynesville suggest the possibility for increased drilling in that region. The year-to-date combined performance of our utility operations as well as midstream investments along with the anticipated fourth quarter performance allows us to update our earnings guidance for the full year to be $1.05 to $1.10 per share. Further, we are reaffirming our target earnings per share annualized growth rate of 4% to 6% through 2018. As weve discussed in the past, we are investing in infrastructure and technology to better serve our customers. Im proud to say that our efforts are being recognized. In the most recent J.D. Power 2015 Gas Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study, our gas utilities rank in the first quartile in their respective regions. The study measures billing and payment price, corporate citizenship, communications, customer service and field service. Before I close, I want to take a moment to congratulate our legal team here at CenterPoint. They were recently recognized by Texas lawyer as the 2015 legal department of the year in the area of pro bono and community leadership work. The legal teams contributions are often on their personal time and illustrate our values as well as our commitment to serve to the areas that we serve. We remain committed to our vision, to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. We will continue to invest in our energy deliveries system to better serve our customers and to seek timely recovery of those investments. Tracy will now update you on electric operations.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a strong quarter in line with our expectations. As you can see on Slide 7, core operating income was $219 million this quarter compared to $202 million for the same period last year. The business benefitted from higher usage primarily due to more favourable weather, higher transmission and distribution related rate relief, continued strong customer growth and lower operating expenses. These benefits were partially offset by the absence of a one-time energy efficiency remand bonus received in the third quarter of 2014 and lower equity return related through our proceeds. We continue to actively manage operating cost. O&M expenses were down 0.3% for the first three quarters of 2015 versus the first three quarters of 2014 excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We remain committed to ongoing O&M expense discipline. As you will see on slide 8, we are successfully executing our regulatory strategy to recover invested capital in a timely manner. We have received approval for over $50 million in annualized transmission and distribution related rate relief so far this year. Transmission related cost recovery filings approved by the commission in the first and third quarters this year resulted in $24 million and $14 million respectively in annual transmission revenues. Also, an annual revenue increase of $13 million from our first distribution cost recovery factor filing went into effect in September. We are seeking an additional $17 million from our most recent transmission cost to service filing and expect to receive approval during the fourth quarter. The Houston economy remains resilient and strong. Houston Electric added more than 53,000 metered customers since the third quarter of last year. This represents a continued annual growth rate of more than 2%. As we mentioned before, 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. On the employment front, healthcare and hospitality are making up for job losses in the energy sector with the Greater Houston Partnership forecasting 20,000 to 30,000 net new jobs in 2015. Houstons housing market remains tight with inventory at 3.5 months supply compared to a more balanced inventory of six months. Year-to-date through August home and auto sales have maintained the pace set during a strong 2014. On slide 9, we have included a few statistics to further illustrate the size, strength and diversity of the Houston economy which continues to perform well despite challenges associated with the energy sector. We are pleased with Houstons growth prospects. Houston Electric performed well this quarter and we are positioned to finish the year strong. We will continue to focus on safety, reliability, efficiency and growth. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our gas utilities and our non-regulated energy services business, had a strong quarter both operationally and financially. I mentioned during the second quarter earnings call that we expected to improve our year-over-year operating income for the remainder of 2015. I am pleased to tell you that improvement is occurring. As you will see on Slide 11, natural gas utilitys third quarter operating income was $11 million compared to an operating loss of $8 million for the same period in 2014. Operating income was higher due to several factors. The business benefitted from increased rate relief, customer growth, other revenue and lower O&M expenses. These increases were partially offset by higher tax and depreciation expense. Further, the Minnesota Conservation Improvement Program incentive or CIP which historically has been received and recognized in the fourth quarter was approved in the third quarter this year. Customer growth remained strong in our natural gas utilities having added over 35,000 customers since the third quarter of 2014. Nearly 2% customer growth followed by Minnesota which added more than 1%. O&M expenses at our natural gas utilities were down 0.5% for the first three quarter of 2015 versus the first three quarters of last year excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets and excluding the Minnesota CIP incentive. As with our electric business, we remain committed to ongoing O&M expense discipline. Turning to slides 12 through 14, we continue to execute on our multi jurisdiction of regulatory strategy.  Constructive annual rate mechanisms plus rate cases are allowing us to recover capital investments we've made to better serve our customer base. The annualized rate relief approved so far this year is over $65 million, which includes $48 million of interim rates in Minnesota. We expect a final decision on Minnesota rates in mid 2016. Another milestone in our rate strategy was the implementation of a new three-year folded coupling pilot in Minnesota which is intended to normalize the impact of usage fluctuations, including weather. As a result we will not employ a weather hedge in Minnesota for the 2015/2016 winter. Finally, next week we will file our first rate case in eight years in Arkansas. This case will be used to ensure recovery of the substantial infrastructure investments we are making that are not eligible for inclusion in current annual recovery mechanisms. As part of the filings we will also request approval of a formula rate plan as allowed by new legislation. The formula rate plan will allow our rates to be prospectively adjusted based on a banded ROE approach in a projected test year. We expect a final order of new base rates to be implemented in the third quarter of 2016. On Slide 15, you'll see that operating income for our Energy Services business was $2 million for the third quarter of 2015 compared with an operating loss of $7 million for the same period of 2014, excluding mark-to-market gains of $5 million and $13 million respectively. Sales volumes were down slightly but customer count grew nearly 1% year-over-year. The increase in operating income was primarily related to commercial asset optimization in our Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent retail regions. Additionally, there was a favorable impact to operations and maintenance expenses relating to one-time expenses incurred in the third quarter of 2014. Energy Services is a profitable business segment that complements our gas distribution business and allows us to provide gas purchase options to CenterPoint customers across multiple states. We've worked hard to focus on the commercial retail business within Energy Services while reducing fixed costs associated with long-term supply and transportation commitments. Energy Services had another good quarter and is on a path to achieve another year of strong financial performance. Overall, our natural gas operations performed well this quarter. We will continue to operate effectively and efficiently as we focus on growth, safety, and the reliability of our system. I will now turn the call over to Bill, who will cover our financial activities.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. Tracy and Joe have reviewed their respective operating incomes on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I will provide a review of our earnings per share on a guidance basis and review utility operations for third quarter 2015 versus the baseline for the third quarter 2014. Before I do that, let me comment on the impairment. CenterPoint's third quarter 2015 earnings filing reflects a pretax impairment charges of $862 million related to our investment in Enable Midstream. These impairments recognize the decline in the estimated fair value versus our balance sheet investment, which was $19.12 per unit as of June 30, 2015. With these non-cash charges, we have reduced our balance sheet investment in Enable Midstream from $4.5 billion to $3.6 billion. More information is provided on Page 17 of the slide deck. Importantly, these impairments do not affect the Company's liquidity, cash flow, or compliance with debt covenants. These impairments also do not change CenterPoint's earnings momentum or Enable's ability to participate in the development of North American energy infrastructure. With that, I would like to discuss our financial performance for the third quarter. On a guidance basis, our EPS was $0.34 in the third quarter of 2015 compared with $0.30 per share in 2014. As a reminder, our EPS on a guidance basis excludes the impacts of unusual items such as mark-to-market adjustments at our Energy Services business, our ZENS securities and related reference shares, and Midstream Investments impairment charges. For utility operations, we have provided two waterfall charts to help illustrate our normalized operational performance quarter-over-quarter. In summary, as is detailed on Slide 18 and in the appendix, the adjustments lowered third quarter 2014 EPS $0.01 from $0.19 to $0.18. These adjustments are consistent with the baseline adjustments we highlighted in our 2014 year end call. A second chart on Slide 19 provides a quarter-to-quarter comparison for utility operations from third quarter 2014 baseline to third quarter 2015 on a guidance basis. We are pleased with the $0.06 per share entries from $0.18 to $0.24 on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As Tracy and Joe discussed, their combined core operating income on a guidance basis improved $45 million to $232 million in the quarter. With respect to our cost of capital and financing activity, our interest expense was flat on a period-to-period basis. Borrowings have increased approximately $100 million since year-end. For the year, we expect interest expense to be slightly lower compared to 2014, despite a projected increase of approximately $300 million in net borrowings. On Slide 20, we provide more details on our financing plan. Our last below the line item is the provision for income tax expense. Excluding the impact of the impairment, the tax rate for 2015 is expected to be 35%. Further, we expect a 36% rate in 2016. The $0.24 contribution from utility operations and the $0.10 from our Midstream Investments resulted in a strong quarter-to-quarter performance of $0.34 versus $0.30 per share. Given these results, as Scott mentioned earlier, we are revising our earnings guidance from our original range of $1.00 to $1.10 to the high end of the range of $1.05 to $1.10. We reiterate targeting a 4% to 6% earnings growth per annum through 2018 and anticipate EPS contributions from utility operations and Midstream Investments of 70% to 75% and 25% to 30% respectively. On our fourth-quarter call, as in prior years, we intend to provide EPS guidance for 2016 and an update on our utility's five-year capital investment plans. Finally, I would like to remind you of the $0.2475 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on October 21. As we reviewed in great detail on our second quarter call, we intend for dividend growth to be aligned with and to follow earnings growth. With that, I will now turn the call back over to David.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Neel Mitra from Tuder, Pickering. Please go ahead with your questions.
Neel Mitra: Hi, good morning.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning, Neel.
Neel Mitra: I had a question regarding the dividend policy that you laid out in the last quarter. Enable lowered their distribution guidance yesterday, and I was curious as to how that would affect your dividend policy going forward. Are you still targeting 4% to 6%, or is it more consistent with just what the earnings are on the consolidated entity?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Neel, we're still targeting  let me make two comments. First is the dividends are going to follow our earnings growth. And even with the change that Enable has made to their forecast, we're still reiterating our projected, our targeted earnings growth of 4% to 6% over the next three years, and the dividend will follow that growth in earnings.
Neel Mitra: Okay, great. So, it doesn't necessarily have to be 4% to 6%, but you are reiterating 4% to 6%, so the dividend should follow that. Is that how I should interpret it?
Scott Prochazka: I think what we are saying is we are reiterating the 4% to 6% growth in earnings and that we're reconfirming the statement we made last quarter that dividends would follow the growth in earnings. And of course, as you know, the dividend, actual change in dividend, is a subject that has to be addressed by the board.
Neel Mitra: Right. Great. And then second question, could you just comment generally on the Houston economy? Obviously, you've seen strong load growth year-to-date. Do you think that's tailing off, or it's going to continue through 2016? I don't know if there is any signs of weak oil prices, weak energy prices impacting your load growth?
Scott Prochazka: Neel, I think the economy is holding up very well. As you've seen in our data, we obviously track our meter additions. They continue to be very strong. Another kind of leading indicator we look at is something Tracy mentioned, and that is the inventory of housing. If the economy were slowing and impacting the rate of construction, our residential construction, you may tend to see an increase of inventory or a slowdown in the number of meters that we are connecting. So far, we haven't seen that. So, we continue to see a very robust economy overall. And as Tracy mentioned, several sectors are taking up for some of the downturn that we have seen in the energy space.
Neel Mitra: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from Ali Agha from SunTrust. Please go ahead with your questions.
Ali Agha: Thank you. Good morning.
Bill Rogers: Good morning, Ali.
Ali Agha: Good morning. And I apologize, I jumped on late on the call. But coming back first off to this point about dividend growth and earnings growth being both in the 4% to 6% range, so mathematically, just to understand that, if Enable is talking about 3% growth in their distributions at least for the next two years, are you implying that you're willing to increase the payout ratio at the utility [ph] because otherwise how do you maintain 4% to 6% if a lot of chunks of your cash coming in for dividend is only growing at 3%?
Bill Rogers: Ali, good morning, it's Bill. I'll answer that question. Again, as Scott said and we made in our comments, so what we are stating is our targeting EPS growth at CenterPoint at 4% to 6% a year and that dividends would follow that. So I think you're correct in asking the question what does it means if Enable's earnings and/or distributions slow. What we are saying implicitly in that is we expect greater growth at the utilities to make up for the balance in order to achieve that 4% to 6%. We continue and are modeling to say that the utility's actual payout in terms of the cash support to dividend is 60% to 70% of their earnings.
Ali Agha: Okay. And then secondly, obviously Enable updated their outlook through 2017. It's come down. There is still a fair amount of uncertainty around 2017 as well. They have a fully open position. I just wanted to come back to an issue of what does it need for CenterPoint to see in terms of deciding for CenterPoint shareholders what needs to happen with regards to your exposure to the Enable story?
Bill Rogers: The downside or the open position, which I would also argue has upside, in 2017 is incorporated to our thinking in the 4% to 6% per year EPS range.
Ali Agha: Okay. But more strategically, Bill or Scott, what are the sort of milestones you're going to be looking at to determine how this is working out for CenterPoint shareholders longer-term?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, we continue to believe that the fundamentals are still very strong for Enable to participate in a growing build-out of infrastructure in this space. And right now, we are clearly in this low commodity price environment with uncertainty. They are not contribute at the level that it was originally designed, but we remain confident that as the market firms up, that the improvement that we will see at Enable will represent upside to the 4% to 6% growth target that we have provided.
Ali Agha: Okay. Last question, Scott. In today's environment and particularly given the tougher exposure that you have with n the M&P space, what is your appetite in terms of potentially additional M&A opportunities on the regulator space?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I think, as we've shared in the past, we have a strategy in place that does not require us to participate in M&A. We have great investment opportunities at our utilities organically where we are growing with returns that are near our allowed return. Recent transactions in the space have suggested returns that are below that. And any opportunity that one may consider would have to be weighed against the quality of the investments you have internally. So we don't see a need to participate in M&A. We see it potentially as opportunistic, but our focus is on growing and operating our utilities.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from David Fishman from Goldman Sachs.
David Fishman: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Scott Prochazka: Good morning.
David Fishman: Good morning. This is kind of a continuation of that, sorry. I was hoping you could provide a little more color around I guess, between the different segments, how we get to the 4% to 6%, so with the Texas T&D, the gas utilities and for the Midstream. I think we touched a little bit about the Midstream already, so, pretty much how they all  how you look at each segment individually to get to the 4% to 6% range?
Bill Rogers: Certainly, David. This is Bill. We talked about Enable and their rate relative to the 4% to 6%. Combined our electric and gas business, we expect to be delivering greater than 4% to 6%, and the next couple of years, it really does depend upon which year in terms of which of those businesses will have earnings momentum. But if you were to take a look at the regulatory filings, which Joe and Tracy provided to you, it would certainly suggest that, on balance, there would be more earnings per share momentum in the gas business in the very near term relative to the electric business and that that might shift as we begin to look at 2017 and beyond.
David Fishman: Okay. So for the gas utilities, we should expect it to be a little faster in the near term relative to the electric there?
Bill Rogers: In the 16-year, again, I encourage you to take a look at the regulatory detail we provide in the slide deck.
David Fishman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions].
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-10 11:30:00) =====
Executives: David Mordy - Director, IR Scott Prochazka - President and CEO Tracy Bridge - EVP and President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick - EVP and President, Gas Division Bill Rogers - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ali Agha - SunTrust Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Faisal Khan - Citigroup Charles Fishman - Morningstar Research Michael Dandurand - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to David Mordy, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Mordy?
David Mordy: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer who will discuss our second quarter 2015 result and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides which can be found under the Investor section of our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release, which along with our Form 10-Q has been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and post to the investor section of our website. In the future we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2015. The utility operations guidance range considers performance to date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rates, interest rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the Company does not include other potential impacts such as changes in accounting standards, the value of ZENS securities and the related stocks or the timing effects of mark to market and inventory. In providing midstream investment guidance, the Company takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortization of our bases different in Enable and other factors. The Company does not include other potential impact such as the impact of any changes in accounting standards or Enable's unusual items. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access that replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning as noted on Slide 4, we've reported second quarter 2015 earnings of $77 million or $0.18 per diluted share, compared with $107 million or $0.25 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, second quarter 2015 adjusted earnings would have been $0.19 per diluted share, compared with $0.21 for 2014. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.13 per diluted share versus $0.10 in 2014. Midstream investments contributed $0.06 per diluted share compared to $0.11 in 2014. Bill will discuss these results in more detail later in the call. Our utility operations' continue to perform well. We have added over 85,000 metered customers during the last 12 months, which along with system improvements remain key drivers behind our robust capital spending. We are carefully managing cost as O&M expenses net of revenue offsets are up 1% versus the second quarter of 2014. We continue to execute our regulatory strategy, filing rate increases and annual recovery mechanisms as needed in pursuit of earning our allowed returns. Our growing service territories and capital plan, coupled with constructive regulatory environments and disciplined O&M spending continue to support strong performance by our utility operations.  Next let me turn to Enable midstream, which we highlight on Slide 5. As many of you know, Enable recently shared its growth outlook of 3% to 7% per unit annual distribution growth in 2016 and 2017. This includes the forecast for high single-digit growth in natural gas gathering volumes, 25% growth in natural gas processing volumes and a doubling of crude oil gathering volumes. As Enable said on their earnings call, they are well positioned for growth with assets in some of the best share plays including the SCOOP, the STACK, Cana Woodford and Cleveland Sands plays. Enable has connected more wells year-to-date through July 2015 than year-to-date through July 2014. For 2016 and 2017 combined, Enable's expansion capital outlook ranges from $1.6 billion to $2.5 billion. We continue to believe in the value of our Enable midstream investment and remain focused on providing governance in support of enhancing Enable's performance. Overall, I'm pleased with our second quarter results. Utility operations experienced strong ongoing growth, and Enable performed as anticipated in a challenging commodity market. Today, we are updating our dialogue regarding how we think about returning capital to our investors. After consideration of the current market environment, input from the investment community and discussions with our board, we believe an earnings based approach to our dividend practice will help provide clarity, simplicity and consistency. Our objective will simply be to grow our dividend in line with our consolidated earnings growth, which Bill will discuss in more detail later in the call. I want to express my appreciation to our employees who after a series of severe storms in April, May and June, worked countless hours to restore power safely and efficiently. You may have seen some of the images of flooding in Huston on National news. More than 25 inches of rain fell over two concentrated period of time and our collective utility systems performed well. The gas system was essentially not impacted by the rains and the customer effects and outages on our electric system were reduced by distribution automation. Proactive communications to those customers enrolled in our new power alert service provided them with timely outage restoration information. I'm extremely proud of our employees and their commitment to ensuring that every day our customers receive energy from safe, reliable energy delivery systems. I will now ask Tracy and Joe to discuss quarter-over-quarter operating income, as well as provide updates on their respective businesses. Bill will follow by bridging operating income to EPS and contrasting our performance with last years base line number. Tracy?
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid quarter consistent with our expectations. As you can see on Slide 8, second quarter 2015 core operating income was $131 million, compared with $115 million for the same period last year. The business benefitted from higher net transmission related revenue, continued strong customer growth and a return to more normal weather. These benefits were partially offset by an expected reduction in the equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds. Houston Electrics customer growth remains strong. Through the first-half of the year, we have added nearly 23,000 metered customers which equates to an annualized growth rate of 2%. As we have mentioned in the past, our forecasted 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. Houstons 4.5% unemployment rate in June remains below the national average of 5.3% and our housing market remains tight at three-month supply versus a balance supply of six months. As the chart on Slide 9 shows, employment growth may slow at times, but over the past 24 years, our residential customer compound annual growth rate has slightly exceeded 2%. Houston Electric continues to manage cost effectively. During the second quarter of 2015, O&M expenses increased approximately 2% over the second quarter of 2014. This growth rate excludes certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We will strive to continue operating the business as efficiently as possible, while maintaining a safe and reliable system to serve our growing customer base. As you will see on Slide 10, weve had a busy quarter on the regulatory front and we are pleased with the results. During the quarter, we filed our first Distribution Cost Recovery Factor filing or DCRF, which allows for rate adjustments associated with recovery of distribution capital invested since our last general rate case. A settlement was reached and approved for an annual revenue increase of $13 million, which will go into effect on September 1. Additionally, in December -- additionally in June, the DCRF sunset extension legislation was enacted, which extends the mechanism sunset until September of 2019, allowing us to utilize the mechanism up to three additional times before a general rate case is required. We also filed two other cost recovering mechanisms, which include our first of two planned Transmission Cost Of Service or TCOS filings this year and our annual energy efficiency cost recovery factor filing. Our TCOS filing was submitted on June 26th and seeks an annual revenue increase of $13.7 million. We anticipate a decision on this filing during the third quarter of this year. Our energy efficiency cost recovery factor filing seeks to recover next years estimated expenses associated with our energy efficiency program, as well as a $7 million incentive related to the program's performance in 2014. Finally, in April, we filed an application for a certificate of convenience and necessity for our Brazos Valley connection transmission line. This transmission line is the largest capital project in our five-year plan. 32 alternative routes were submitted to the PUC and the final route they select will determine the estimated capital cost of the project. We anticipate a commission decision on both the route of and need for the transmission line during the first quarter of 2015, with construction of the project being completed by mid-2018. The critical status grounded to this project highlights the load growth and our service territory -- highlights the load growth our service territory is experiencing. As an example of that load growth, during the last week in July, Houston Electric hit four consecutive July peak loads. I am pleased with Houston Electric's second quarter performance. Growth remain strong and we will continue to focus on delivering safe, reliable and efficient service. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations which includes both our gas utilities and our non-regulated energy services business, performed in line with our expectations during the second quarter, as more normal weather returned to all our jurisdictions. As you can see on Slide 12, natural gas utility second quarter 2015 operating income was $19 million, compared with $30 million for the same period last year. This decline is attributable to return to more normal weather, in addition to higher depreciation expense. As I mentioned on the first quarter call, we exceeded our weather hedge cap in January 2014 and benefited from the subsequent extreme cold weather that persisted well into April and May that year, particularly in Minnesota. As a result, our natural gas utilities experienced a decline in operating income in the first-half of this year, but we expect year-over-year improvements in operating income through the remainder of the year. The economies continue to be strong in our service territories and we added approximately 36,000 new customers year-over-year. Excluding expenses that have a revenue offset, we are successful in managing O&M to an increase of under 1% compared to the second quarter of last year. Moving on to slide 13, I would like to highlight a number of our items that advance our long term strategy, specifically regulatory developments and capital investments to meet growth needs and ensure system reliability and safety. Recent regulatory filings represent a combination of rate cases and the annual recovery mechanisms which are intended to help recover the substantial investments we made to better serve our growing customer base. On August 3rd, we filed a general rate case in Minnesota to increase overall rates by $54 million annually. Our filing is based on forward test year and a rate base of $913 million which reflects the significant capital expenditures we're making across our Minnesota service territory. We have requested an ROE of 10.3% and a 53% equity capital structure. Interim rates are expected to go into effect in October, with a final decision around mid-2016. We reached a settlement agreement on our Texas coast rate case and are awaiting approval by the Texas Railroad Commission. The settlement provides a $4.9 million annual increase and a 10% ROE. With the Texas coast case finalized, we expect to utilize GRIP, the annual infrastructure recovery mechanism as early as March 2016 to recover incremental capital investment.  In Arkansas we continue to anticipate filing a rate case the fourth quarter of 2015 and are evaluating for the case possible usage of Act 725, Arkansas' recently enacted law related to formula rate plans. Slide 14 highlights a portion of our capital spending in Minnesota. Our Belt Line replacement project begin in 2012 and is expected to be completed in 2023. This project is replacing pipe that was put in service over 60 years ago and Intel [ph] is replacing their steel pipe, upgrading cathodic protection systems and installing remote control wells. Investing capital to improve safety and reliability while reducing O&M is win for all our stake holders. I'll next turn to slide 15 and our energy services business which primarily provide competitive natural gas supply services to commercial, industrial, institutional and transportation customers. This businesses second quarter results reflects another solid performance. Operating income was $7 million for the second quarter of 2015, compare with $5 million for the same period in 2014, excluding mark to market gains of $2 million and $6 million respectively. Volumes were nearly flat as economic growth in certain regions has slowed somewhat, but overall customer counting increased 1.8% year-over-year. Additionally, O&M expenses were slightly lower, consistent with Company's focus on holding down operating costs. This was a solid quarter for natural gas operations despite the impact of a return to normal weather, and the regulatory filings I discuss should position as well to continue growing this business. I'll now turn the call over to the Bill who will cover financial activities. 
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. Tracy and Joe have reviewed their respective operating income on a quarter to quarter basis. I will now provide a review over earnings per share on a guidance basis. Following that I will review utility operations for the second quarter 2015 versus the base line for the second quarter 2014 with a focus on those items that are below the operating income line. Our earnings per share on a guidance basis were $0.19 in the second quarter of 2015, compared to $0.21 for the second quarter of 2014. As a reminder, our EPS on a guidance basis excludes the impact of items such as mark to market adjustments at our energy service business and our ZENS securities and related reference shares. At Midstream Investments, as previously mentioned by Scott, Lower equity income from Enable Midstream Partners impacted EPS at CenterPoint by $0.05 per diluted share. For utility operations, we have provided two waterfall charts to help illustrate our normalized operational performance quarter over quarter. The first of these charts is on Page 17 and shows utility operations second quarter 2014 EPS on a guidance basis of $0.10 per diluted share. Houston Electric experienced cooler than normal weather in the second quarter of 2014. Therefore, we normalized up $0.01. We normalized down $0.01 to account for 2014's higher equity returns, primarily associated with timing issues around Houston Electric's equity true-up proceeds. As a result, we landed on a baseline of $0.10 per diluted share for second quarter 2014. This is the base line from which we feel operational performance should be measured. These adjustments are consistent with the baseline adjustments we highlighted in our year end 2014 call. We have included a slide from that call in the Appendix, along with a breakdown of adjustments by quarter. The second chart on Slide 18 takes you from the second quarter 2014 utility operations baseline of $0.10 to utility operations utility operations' EPS on a guidance basis of $0.13 for this quarter. As Tracy and Joe discussed, their combined core operating income on a guidance basis improved from a $150 million to $157 million in the quarter. This $7 million improvement, along with an increase of $4 million in other income resulted in a favorable earnings per share of $0.02 for the quarter. Through debt management, interest expense was flat on a period to period basis. For all of 2015, we expect interest expense to be lower when compared to all of 2014. We had a lower effective tax rate of 32% in the quarter this was due to a lower Texas tax rate and to some permanent differences. For the full year, we expect an effective tax rate of 35%. All together, the second quarter was stronger than anticipated for utility operations. Now, with respect to earnings and dividends, you will see on Slide 19, we are targeting annual earnings per share growth of 4% to 6% on a guidance basis through 2018, inclusive of our midstream investments. We anticipate dividend growth will follow EPS growth. We do recognize that our overall payout ratio for 2015 will likely be above 90%. We are comfortable with that payout ratio and related earnings retention due to the sources of cash and earnings supporting the dividend. We anticipate the overall payout ratio will result in a retention of 30% to 40% of our utility operations earnings. These retained earnings support needed capital investment without having to consider a secondary offering of common equity. In addition to these considerations, our board of directors takes into account the current state of the capital markets, our financial liquidity, capital strength and our financial forecast when reviewing and declaring our dividends. On Slide 20, I'll review our anticipated financing plans for 2015 and 2016. As stated earlier, retaining 30% to 40% of our utility operations earnings will allow us to finance our investment in rate base with minimal need for additional equity. We have strong financial liquidity and plan to use our retained earnings and balance sheet strength to source much of our financing needs. This year, we expect to have incremental borrowings of $400 million. These increased borrowings are primarily through our commercial paper program. If appropriate we will consider fix rate longer term maturity debt. Looking forward to 2016, we expect to have a similar incremental financing need as 2015. However, the ultimate amount will depend upon our capital investment, our ability to manage working capital and bonus depreciation amongst other factors. We expect to finance 2016 via fixed rate debt and commercial paper borrowings. If appropriate, we may consider equity financing through limited use of our drip and benefit plans. Finally, based on our utility operations results and forecast, and the most recent public outlook provided by Enable, CenterPoint is pleased to reaffirm our 2015 consolidated earnings estimate of $1 to $1.10 per diluted share. We believe utility operations will be on the high side of the $0.71 to $0.75 range and midstream investments will be on the low side of the $0.29 to $0.35 range. As I conclude, I would like to remind you of the $0.24 and 3/4 per share quarterly dividend declared by our board on July 24th. With that, I will now turn the call back over to David. 
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger? 
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question from Neel Mitra from Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra: My questions are around the dividend policy. Is the 46% something that you intend to sustain regardless of where earnings are, or is it the dividend is going to move with the earnings growth? And if the second case is true, how's that really different from I guess the policy prior to this?
Scott Prochazka: Neel, the intent is that earnings or dividends will follow earnings. So what we've done on this call is we've firmed up our earnings target over the next through years of 4% to 6% growth, and that's inclusive of both the utility and the equity investment in our midstream business.
Neel Mitra: Got it. So, is it -- are you still kind of speaking as a policy of 60% to 70% of the utility earnings and paying out almost all of the Enable cash distributions out?
Scott Prochazka: I think those numbers may work out fairly close. It's certainly our intent to have the utility operate such that we are retaining 30% to 40% of their earnings for reinvestment. Given the fact that were at relatively high payout ratio, a good amount of all the cash coming in from Enable is being paid out through the dividend. But the policy we want to really emphasize is now that we're at this elevated payout ratio, the policy is -- or the approach I should say is that we will target dividend growth with our earnings growth.
Neel Mitra: And one last quick follow-up, with the 2% customer growth, whats the trend been for usage, I guess for customers? So has that come down or has it stayed fairly constant?
Scott Prochazka: It's been very constant, Neel. We see little bit of what Ill call noise on usage, but it has to do with imperfect calculation of -- we're making weather adjustments. But as we look over the longer period, were essentially seeing a very flat usage profile on a weather adjusted basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Tucker from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker : Hoping you could just talk a little bit more about whats driving the utility operations towards the higher end of your guidance range for the year?
Scott Prochazka: Well, a couple of things, and Ill let my colleagues add to it if they would like to. But first of all, weve got good expense management thats occurring. We are benefiting from maintaining a very strong focus on expense management. We are also experiencing -- as we sit here today, we look forward, we can see that the weather continues to be warm here in Houston, and we know that that will have some impacts in the third quarter as we look forward. So thats impacting us as well. Bill, do you want to add anything about?
Bill Rogers : I think Matt that I would add that through -- we'll refer to as debt management within our balance sheet, well be able to lower interest expense in 2015. If you had a chance to take a look as our 10-Q, youll see were free cash flow positive for the six months of the year. That's to say that cash from operations exceeded dividends and capital investment. So we feel good about that. And then finally the last settlement would be a lower effective tax rate for the 2015 year.
Matt Tucker : And follow-up to that, I didnt see right of way revenues mentioned. It's been a nice tailwind for Houston Electric for the past several quarters. Where are you on that year-to-date and kind of where do you expect to end up for the year?
Scott Prochazka: Matt, I'm going to ask Tracy to answer that for us.
Tracy Bridge: For the second quarter Matt, we had $1 million of right-of-way revenue. So through the first half of the year were at about $9 million. We continue to estimate that our range at year-end will be somewhere between $10 million and $20 million of right-of-way revenue.
Matt Tucker: And if I could ask one more, you had expressed interest in the past in potentially acquiring on core. It looks like [indiscernible] is going to end up buying that. Just curious if you could comment on how that process played out for you guys? How involved were you?
Scott Prochazka: Matt, Ill just respond by saying I think you know we dont -- were not commenting on specific transactions. Thats the position that weve taken here and we like you and the rest of the industry have kind of been watching this event unfold as EFH [ph] works through their bankruptcy process.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha: So I was coming back to the dividend growth policy, 4% to 6% along with earnings growth. As you know, that is pretty consistent with what normal regulated utilities are providing and telling investors as well. So I'm just curious from your vantage, point given that outlook through 2018, are you feeling that the MLP ownership is providing you that extra value added that is commensurate with the extra risk and volatility that that business brings to the table, to you and your share price?
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, I would tell you that I still remain very bullish on the investment thats going to be made in this space, and if you just look at what Enable reported on their call, their investment continues to increase, their volumes are up. It's apparent, becoming more apparent to me that producers in the U.S. are able to compete even at these lower commodity prices and were very pleased with many of the plays that we are in. So I am still very bullish on this space. Now the growth that weve put out from an earnings forecast for the Company is as you pointed out consistent with what weve said, that would be the utility performance and I would say it's there largely because of the near-term forecast associated with these lower commodities. So I think we all believe well turn around and go back up at some point in the future, and if Enable's performance improves or increases in the future, then that gives us some upside potential to reflect on our own EPS.
Ali Agha : So Scott, or Bill, how stress tested are those numbers, particularly from the Enable side, given where weve come from? If the commodity starts to go further south, how comfortable would you be in that 4% to 6% number you laid out for us?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I would characterize as it as we have done our own stress testing and sensitivity analysis beyond what Enable has provided publicly. So we've done some stress testing of their performance and we've done some stress testing around the utility performance and collectively have confidence that in the near term a 4% to 6% earnings growth target is achievable. I will say that it's within what I would consider the reasonable implications of commodity sensitivity looks. If oil gets down to $25 or $30 a barrel for a sustained period of time and gas drops to very low levels, we will have to re-evaluate but we have done stress testing beyond what Enable has shared as their ranges.
Ali Agha : And last question Bill when at the earliest -- when you look out to this program to 2018, do you see a need for potentially blocked equity or more equity than small DRIP programs, or do you not see that at all over the 2018 period?
Scott Prochazka: I'll ask Bill to answer this one for you. 
Bill Rogers: Ali, we dont see any need for a block offering of equity. We dont see a need for issuing any equity in 2015 as I said. We continue to visit both '16 and '17 as where there is a need for any equity in those years earlier. But there is nowhere in this forecast that we are providing a view with respect to a need for block equity.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo from Ladenburg Thalmann.
Brian Russo: Just in terms of back to the utility guidance and being at the high end, can you talk about some of the drivers you referenced earlier and which one of those drivers would you consider sustainable into '16 and '17 versus what will collective be a positive in weather event July thats obviously not repeatable under normal weather conditions?
Scott Prochazka: Sure Brian, I'll let Bill to led this one off.
Bill Rogers: Sure. And Brian, I think I will start with what I'll call some below the line factors, give you an update on that and then ask Tracy and Joe to talk about O&M cost discipline in their respective businesses. With respect to below the line, we have significant opportunities to reduce our interest expense on a going forward basis, and we recognize that on a going forward basis we'll have more debt. But we do have both maturities in '16 and '17 as well as those maturities we've had in 2015. So you'll see that come through. The second item below the line with respect to tax, I mentioned in the prepared remarks it will be 35% this year. I think we'll be somewhere between 36% and 37.5% on a going forward basis in 2016 and 2017. So those are the below line item that we would see as recurring at least looking those few years. And with that I'll ask if Tracy or Joe want to add comments on O&M discipline.
Joe McGoldrick: Sure. Brian, this is Joe. I would just reiterate what I said in my remarks, that obviously we had a down quarter and a down first half in gas ops. But that was expected because of the extreme cold weather we had in 2014. But we expect op income to continue growing again in second half of the year, and thats in large part due to the O&M discipline that both Scott and Bill have mentioned, as well as executing on our regulatory plan. We have the settlement in our Texas coast case. We filed our Minnesota case last week and we expect to file a case in Arkansas in the fourth quarter of this year. So all things are looking very positive right now in the gas business.
Tracy Bridge: Brian, this is Tracy. I would just add that our 2% year-over-year O&M expense growth rate is a sustainable target for us and we're going to work very hard to maintain expenses in that range even though we're growing considerably here. So everything is looking on the up and up for the electric business.
Operator: Next question comes from Faisal Khan from Citigroup.
Faisal Khan : Just a quick question on your ownership position in Enable. Currently it doesnt look like the general partnership gets [indiscernible] in the current stock price of CenterPoint. I was wondering, how would you think about that general partnership over time? I know the idea is to sort of grow those distributions over time, but if it gives Enable sort of shot at the arm and reduces our cost of equity and makes them some more competitive in the market, would you think about rolling the general partnership and IDR structure into the limited partner?
Scott Prochazka: It's too early to really have those considerations or discussions. We are aways from beginning the IDRs. I believe Enable mentioned there thought there may be some IDR payments as early as the end of next year, which would be very small payments. So you're out into '17 or '18 really before you would have the issue or the consideration of how those IDRs might affect our cost to capital and -- listen we certainly have an ongoing -- very strong ongoing interest in Enable's success, and if appropriate, we would contemplate the right things at the right time, but it's just far too early to consider doing anything differently with the GP and the IDRs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar Research.
Charles Fishman: I just had one question. Bill you said that the lower tax rate -- effective tax rate was because of Texas I believe. So I'm assuming that was at the utility, not Enable. could you maybe provide a little more color?
Bill Rogers: That's correct. That's the income tax rate here in Texas that we recognized a lowering of that, and it went through the second quarter. And then we also had some permanent differences change, which moved to tax rate down to 32% for the quarter. But for the year Charles, it should be at 35%. 
Charles Fishman: Okay. And then would do you say the next year -- you've made some comments about that earlier 
Bill Rogers: Next year and on a forward looking basis, if you are asking what are the provision should be for the accrual tax rate, I think it will be in the range of 36% to 37.5% and if you wanted a point estimate, it was 37%.
Charles Fishman: Okay. So actually 37% is really pretty consistent with what you've said in the past, correct?
Bill Rogers: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Next question is from Michael Dandurand from Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Dandurand: I think, actually most of my questions have been answered already. The only one I wanted to touch on was more housekeeping, just with the cash taxes or on distributions from Enable, has the outlook changed at all there, given the update and guidance from Enable?
Bill Rogers: Michael, this is Bill. First of all, we look forward to bring at your conference in the next couple of days. So thank you for including us. Look forward to that. We respect to taxes; we are certainly moving away from that more formulaic view to dividends. What we're focused on is our target earnings growth of 4% to 6% through 2018. The dividends will follow that. If you wanted to ask a question about cash taxes, we filled rather a consolidated return at CenterPoint. There are some years, where the utilities cash or tax characteristics might shield income from Enable and there are years where the tax characteristics at Enable might shield the utility. So we don't really look through to any specific operations, cash tax rate. 
Michael Dandurand: Understood. I guess, I'm just trying to get a feel for the incoming cash, net of tax from Enable. But maybe we can follow up offline a little bit on that.
Bill Rogers: Yes, it's might help just to give you a sense of what we think our cash taxes would be. On a consolidated basis we were not a tax payer in 2014, and our cash tax rate, if we do not have bonus depreciation for 2015 will be in a low 30%. If we have bonus depreciation in 2015, its unlikely that we'd be a cash tax payer on a consolidated basis. 
David Mordy: Thank you. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our second quarter 2015 earnings call. And have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-11 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla A. Kneipp - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President & President-Gas Operations Division William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Lauren B. Duke - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President and Treasurer. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla A. Kneipp - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Ginger. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our first quarter 2015 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. In conjunction with the call today, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section of our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release along with our Form 10-Q, which have been posted on our website. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information about the company, key personnel, corporate initiatives, regulatory updates and other matters. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and others interested parties in our company to review the information we post on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2015. The utility operations guidance range considers performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rates, interest rates and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards, the value of ZENS securities and the related stock or the timing effects of mark-to-market and inventory. In providing midstream investment guidance, the company takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortizations of our bases different in Enable and other factors. The company does not include other potential impact such as the impact of any changes in accounting standards or Enable's unusual items. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that this call is being recorded information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. As Carla mentioned, this morning we will be referring to slides during our call. They can be located on our website under the Investors section. I'll start with slide four. This morning, we reported first quarter 2015 earnings of $131 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, compared with $185 million, or $0.43 per diluted share in 2014. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, first quarter 2015 adjusted earnings would have also been $0.30 per diluted share compared to $0.40 for 2014. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.22 per diluted share and midstream investments contributed $0.08. Compared to baseline earnings of $0.21 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2014, which Bill will discuss in more detail, utility operations' earnings are up 4.8%. This is consistent with utility EPS guidance provided earlier this year. Our utility operations continue to perform well, supported by growing service territories, robust capital investment, constructive regulatory environments, and limited business risk. These dynamics allow utility operations to be the ballast of our diversified portfolio, and will help to continue to provide earnings growth. Weather-related impacts across all of our businesses caused most of the variability this quarter. Tracy, Joe, and Bill will share more details about this and other drivers for the quarter. Despite the challenges that midstream companies have recently experienced due to lower energy commodity prices, we continue to see opportunity in this space and believe that Enable Midstream Partners is well-positioned to succeed. Drilling technology has fundamentally changed the landscape of the energy market as well as the role the United States plays in the global energy and feedstock market. We believe domestic and global demand coupled with continued progress towards greater energy independence will require significant capital investment in infrastructure. Enable remains well-positioned to participate in this infrastructure build-out, as evidenced by their recent completion of the Bradley Processing Plant in the SCOOP as well as the Bear Den crude and produced water gathering system in the Bakken. Last week, Enable announced their acquisition of Monarch Natural Gas gathering assets in the Cleveland Sands Play and has stated it is immediately accretive. Early indications show that the Houston economy remained strong, despite press coverage regarding recently announced lay-offs in the energy sector. Houston Electric's meter count increased by more than 11,000 in the first quarter, which equates to an annualized growth rate of 2%, this is consistent with employment and other economic data we are seeing. According to the Greater Houston Partnership, last year the Houston Metro area led the nation by adding a record-setting 157,000 residents between July of 2013 and July of 2014. The partnership forecasts the addition of 120,000 new residents in 2015. Our projected capital spending remains on target for the year at $1.5 billion, a 9% increase over 2014. We continue to utilize timely recovery mechanisms as well as rate case proceedings to help ensure effective and timely return on our investments. Tracy and Joe will provide additional color on a number of these. Before I wrap-up, let me note that CenterPoint continues to be recognized for its strong customer service. We were recently ranked first in the Midwest region and second in the South region among the largest natural gas utilities in the U.S. for operational satisfaction in a 2014 Cogent Report conducted by Market Strategies International. This report evaluated residential brand trust and engagement and the results reinforce our ongoing strategy to utilize technology to improve the customer experience. We continue to focus on safe, reliable and efficient operations coupled with improved services for our customers as our path to success and value creation for our shareholders. I will now ask Tracy to discuss electric operations.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid quarter consistent with our expectations. First quarter 2015 core operating income was $68 million compared with $75 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from higher net transmission related revenue and strong customer growth. These benefits were more than offset by the impacts of milder weather, reduced equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds and lower right-of-way revenue. Importantly, growth continues to be strong. Houston Electric added more than 11,000 metered customers during the first quarter of 2015 and if annualized this represents 2% meter growth. On page six, we show a chart contrasting oil prices, employment and residential metered customers in the Houston area since 1980. This chart shows steady customer growth, despite large swings in oil prices and smaller variations in employment. We believe long-term annual customer growth of 2% will be supported by Houston's diversified economy and culture as well as mild winters and a low cost of living. Houston Electric continues to focus on O&M expense management even as we address customer growth and robust capital spending. During the first quarter of 2015, Houston Electric's O&M increased less than 2% versus the first quarter of 2014. This growth rate excludes certain expenses, which have revenue offsets. Next, I will update you on our 345-kV transmission project, which we call the Brazos Valley Connection detailed on slide seven. On April 24, we filed an application for a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity with the Public Utility Commission of Texas. We estimate the total project cost will be between $276 million and $383 million, depending on the route approved by the PUC. We expect the PUC will issue a final order in the fourth quarter, addressing all issues including which route should be used. Upon final approval, we will begin construction and anticipate completing the project no later than mid-2018. The new import project will improve the capacity of the Texas electric grid, strengthen regional transmission capabilities, and help support growing demand in the greater Houston area. Turning to capital cost recovery mechanisms, our transmission capital costs are recovered via transmission cost to service or TCOS filings. The rate adjustment from our fourth quarter 2014 TCOS filing totaling over $23 million annually went into effect on February 25. We anticipate making the two allowed TCOS filings this year. For Distribution Capital Cost Recovery, you will see on slide eight, that we filed on April 6, to increase rates by $16.7 million annually, using for the first time the Distribution Cost Recovery Factor mechanism or DCRF. We expect the decision in July, and have requested that rates become effective on September 1. I would also like to note that legislative authority for the DCRF mechanism currently sunsets on January 1, 2017; and as a result, we have been working to get the legislation extended. The DCRF sunset extension bills, which move the sunset to September 1, 2019, have successfully passed through the Texas House and Senate and we anticipate enactment by the end of the second quarter. I will conclude by highlighting our successful Smart Meter deployment and ongoing Intelligent Grid implementation referenced on slide nine. In addition to reducing costs, these projects deliver additional reliability and efficiency benefits, provide enhanced customer functionality and help the environment. As a result of this Smart Meter project, our customers have saved over $23 million per year in service fees. Additionally, residential customer surcharge covering part of the cost of the Smart Meter project will end this month reducing overall customer rates, which are already among the most competitive in the nation. Further, since the beginning of this project, we have saved more than one million gallons of fuel, avoided 9,300 metric tons of CO2 and restored power to nearly 1.2 million customers without a phone call. CenterPoint is at the forefront of the industry in this area and we are proud of our environmental contributions and our ability to manage expenses through the use of this technology. I am pleased with Houston Electric's first quarter performance. Growth remains strong and we will continue to focus on delivering safe, reliable and efficient service. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President & President-Gas Operations Division: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our gas utilities and our non-regulated energy services business also had a solid quarter in line with our expectations. Natural gas utilities' first quarter 2015 operating income was $146 million compared with the $162 million for the same period last year, while energy services reported operating income of $13 million this quarter compared with $26 million last year During the quarter, our natural gas utilities business continued to benefit from rate relief and customer growth. Robust economies in our service territories led the addition of approximately 37,000 new customers year-over-year, and we are on track for continuing our 1% growth in 2015. We were also successful in controlling O&M expenses. These benefits were more than offset by decrease in usage related to less extreme weather in 2015, compared to 2014, higher depreciation and amortization and higher property taxes. Although, heating degree days were higher than normal across our service territories, they were significantly lower than the first quarter of last year. As a reminder, since 2007, we have hedged winter weather at our LDCs in those jurisdictions, where we do not have weather normalization adjustments. Normally, the hedges mitigate significant year-over-year fluctuations. However, weather in the first quarter of 2014 was so cold; we exceeded the cap on that hedge by the end of January 2014. As a result, we were un-hedged in February and March of 2014 and booked significant income from weather-related usage in those two months. This variance alone accounted for $9 million of the operating income decline in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally, the capital investments we're making to meet growth and ensure system reliability and safety, have increased depreciation and amortization expenses. These higher D&A expenses will be recovered through rate recovery mechanisms and rate cases. In addition, operating income was reduced $3 million in the first quarter of 2015, as compared to the same quarter in 2014, due to a change in a customer charge in our last Minnesota rate case. This reduction is primarily timing related and will reverse in subsequent quarters as the higher customer charge has the effect of smoothing revenues throughout the year. As indicated on slide 11, we have made and will make several important regulatory filings in 2015. These filings represent a combination of rate cases and the annual recovery mechanisms and are intended to compensate us for a substantial investment made to better serve our growing customer base. We filed a Texas Coast rate case in late March seeking a nearly $7 million increase. We expect that Texas Railroad Commission will issue a final order in the fourth quarter of this year. Once the Texas Coast case is finalized, we expect to utilize GRIP, the annual infrastructure recovery mechanism to recover future incremental capital investment, which will help reduce regulatory lag. We also made GRIP filings in our Texas jurisdictions during the first quarter seeking a combined annual increase in rates of $10 million in two of those jurisdictions. Additionally, we plan to file rate cases in Minnesota during the third quarter and in Arkansas during the fourth quarter. The majority of the increases will be reflected in 2016 results and we'll update you on the specifics later in the year. As noted on slide 12, Act 725 was recently passed by the Arkansas Legislature and we believe this new law will benefit our utility operations in future years. We have worked closely with the Arkansas PUC and its staff over the years and utilizing multiple alternative rate mechanisms. Act 725 allows the utility to move away from filing multiple annual mechanisms to requesting a comprehensive formula rate plan that includes a forward test year with annual true-up of rates around a banded ROE. We view this regulatory option is positive with the potential to reduce regulatory lag in Arkansas and recover capital investment in a more timely manner. Turning to our non-regulated energy services business, the first quarter's results included $4 million mark-to-market loss compared with a $4 million gain the previous year. The remaining decrease was margin-related, resulting primarily from reduced weather-related optimization opportunities compared with the first quarter of 2014. Our energy services business continue to grow its retail customers at a solid pace adding over 800 commercial and industrial customers or a 5% increase over last year. This was a solid quarter, despite the impact of quarter-over-quarter weather variances and again consistent with our expectations. We continue to focus on delivering safe and reliable natural gas as well as creating first rate customer experiences by providing customers with more choices and customized services. I'll now turn the call over to the Bill Rogers, who'll cover financial activities.
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I have a few topics to review this morning, and will start by discussing the quarter-over-quarter earnings drivers, some of which Tracy and Joe addressed. As Scott mentioned earlier, and the slide 14 shows, our earnings per share on a guidance basis was $0.30 in the first quarter of 2015 compared with $0.40 per share earned in the 02014 quarter. As a reminder, our EPS on a guidance basis excludes the impacts of items such as mark-to-market adjustments at our energy services business, and our ZENS securities, and related reference shares. At midstream investments, lower equity income from Enable impacted EPS by $0.05 per diluted share. At the utility operations level, we have provided two waterfall charts to help illustrate our normalized operational performance on a quarter-to-quarter basis. The first of these charts is at the bottom of page 14, and shows utility operations' first quarter 2014 EPS on a guidance basis of $0.27 per share. After normalizing $0.05 to exclude the benefit of colder weather and $0.01 associated with 2014's higher equity return, primarily associated with Houston Electric's true-up proceeds, we arrived at a 2014, first quarter utility operations' baseline of $0.21 per diluted share. These adjustments are consistent with the baseline adjustments we highlighted for you in our 2014 year-end call, when we provided our 2014 full-year utility operations' baseline of $0.70. This is the baseline from which we feel operational performance should be measured. Turning to slide 15; this second chart takes you from the first quarter 2014 utility operations baseline of $0.21 to the first quarter of 2015, utility operations of $0.22. As you can see, strong customer growth and rate relief benefited the quarter by $0.03 per diluted share. These benefits were partially offset by $0.01 of higher interest expense and another $0.01 of number of factors such as a higher depreciation expense, lower right-of-way revenue and higher O&M. These drivers resulted in 2015 first quarter utility operations' EPS on a guidance basis of $0.22 per diluted share. This 4.8% growth rate from our 2014 first quarter baseline of $0.21 is in line with our 2015 guidance and our longer term EPS growth rate of 4% to 6%. Turning to O&M, CenterPoint's total O&M excluding expenses of corresponding revenue offset such as TCOS was up just under 2% on a quarter-to-quarter basis. This increase in O&M expense is primarily due to higher labor costs including benefits. We are committed to looking for further opportunities to optimize our operating cost structure. Now turning to cash flow; during the quarter, we posted strong cash flows from operating activities, including $165 million from a retroactive bonus appreciation and $72 million in distributions received from Enable. Further, with respect to cash distributions from Enable, the Enable board of directors declared on April 24, a quarterly cash distribution, of which, we expect to receive approximately $73 million. This represents a 1.2% increase over the prior quarter distribution and if annualized is consistent with the midpoint of Enable's 2015 forecast of 3% to 7% distribution growth. Our $1.5 billion capital plan for 2015 is on track. Through the end of the first quarter, we have invested $309 million. As described in our 2014 Form 10-K, we plan to invest $7.4 billion over the next five years. As we consider how to finance this capital plan, we are continually looking for opportunities to optimize our capital structure through our debt and equity capital formation activities. And we are diligent in considering, if and when, equity is appropriate. We have strong financial liquidity at the company and plan to use our existing debt capacity to source the majority of our financing needs. As we do this, we will be attentive to debt refinancing opportunities to further reduce our interest expense as well as to maintain our regulatory capital structures and our solid investment grade credit ratings. Additionally, as we shared in our February earnings call, we are not planning a secondary offering of common equity over the next five years. However, if appropriate, we may consider issuing original issue shares through our benefits and Investor's Choice Plans. Based on CenterPoint's results and a most recent public forecast made by Enable, we reaffirm our 2015 consolidated earnings estimates of $1 to $1.10 per diluted share. We reaffirmed the component parts of that with utility operations of $0.71 to $0.75 and the midstream investments of $0.29 to $0.35. This guidance assumes a consolidated effective tax rate of approximately 37% and an average share count of 431 million shares. Before I turn the call back over to Carla, I would like to remind you of the $0.2475 per share quarterly dividend declared by our board of directors on April 23. We believe that the strength of our balance sheet, coupled with strong earnings and cash flow, supports our dividend under a wide variety of circumstances. With that, I would like to thank you for continued interest in CenterPoint Energy. And I will now turn the call back over Carla.
Carla A. Kneipp - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Bill. We will open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I'd ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Ginger?
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. Thank you. Our first question is from Carl Kirst from BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Maybe a couple of questions on just CenterPoint Electric and first on Brazos Valley, could you remind me if there is from an opposition standpoint, is there anything in front of ERCOT that we need to be following or to the extent there is any opposition that will get taken into account in the PUC proceeding?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Carl, good morning. This is Scott. I'm going to ask Tracy to answer that question for you.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Good morning, Carl.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: We have two sizeable generation interveners in that proceeding, one is Calpine and the other is NRG. It's not a surprise to us, they've filed a complaint at the PUC relative to the methodology that ERCOT used to determine the critical need for this asset, but this is all in the course of business. So, we'll see how it plays out, I still like our chances very much.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. But it basically all kind of wrapped up within the PUC proceeding, we're not waiting to hear from ERCOT for instance on anything?
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: That's exactly right.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Great. Thank you. And then second if I could, I'll chalk it up to Monday morning, can you remind me the issue of the reduced return on equity at CEHE with respect to the true-up proceeds?
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Carl, this is Tracy, I'm not clear on your question, could you restate it please?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, just the $6 million reduction over first quarter of 2014, that was attributed to the true up proceeds.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Now, I got you.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And I just want to make sure, I'm understanding the mechanics, that's going on?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Carl, I'm going to ask Bill to answer that question for you. I think he can give you the answer.
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Got it.
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: So, Carl, good morning. Thank you. So, it's not so much that was reduced in 2015 as it was that we were earning more than forecast in 2014.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I got it. Okay. All right. Thanks, guys.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Good morning.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Good morning. Scott, first question, you guys have told this to us before that the dividend that you're going to get from Enable, the tax rate on that distribution is going to go up pretty materially over the next few years. So, on an after-tax basis, should we assume that that distribution to CenterPoint should be declining over that three-year period as that tax rate jumps up? Is that a fair way to think about it?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Bill, do you want to answer this?
Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President & President-Gas Operations Division: Yes. Thanks, Scott. And good morning, Ali. I'll take this question and answer it in two parts, if I can. It's unclear as to the direction of the tax rate. Enable has provided where they expect to invest in 2015 as well as their distributions in 2015. The effective tax rate to CenterPoint in future years will depend upon the rate of Enable's investment as well as any changes or what's in effect at the time on the tax code. We have provided a forecast to you as to what that could be and that is over the next five years approximately 25%. But, that will go up and down depending upon how much Enable invest.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay.
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. So, we'll keep an eye on that. Secondly, when do you think you will be in a position, CenterPoint, to be able to articulate your dividend growth plans going forward? I know a lot of that is hampered by the timing from the Enable side, but from a CenterPoint perspective, when do you think you are in that position? And related to that, if the macro environment doesn't change six months or 12 months from now, is there a plan B or what's the plan from your side?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Ali, the question you asked about  the first one you had asked about our dividend growth rate. As you know, we had pulled back from providing multiple years based on Enable's reduction, in terms of the period they were looking forward. We'll be in a better position to articulate a growth rate. Once Enable is able to provide a little bit more clarity on their future growth, in other words, beyond 2015. At this point, they've said that they anticipate being able to provide more projection on their second quarter call. So, that's when we should have more information. I will tell you though that just from a dividend standpoint, we've remained committed to providing a secured competitive and growing dividend, and we're going to keep focused on that. Hopefully, we'll be able to provide a little bit greater clarity on what that growth rate looks like, once we get some more information from Enable.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: And your ownership plans for Enable, Scott?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Our ownership plans are staying as they are, Ali. We have Enable as part of our portfolio. They're important part of our portfolio. We see great opportunity for them to take advantage of what's going on in the marketplace today. They've got a solid balance sheet. There's good opportunities ahead of them. I personally believe the infrastructure space is going to be  it's going to continue to be built out for a number of reasons. So, I think there's good growth opportunity there. And I would hate to offer hypothesized considerations on alternatives, when our focus right now is to make sure that Enable is performing well and is capitalizing on the opportunities that they have in front of them.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Tucker from KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to ask first on the Brazos Valley project, could you talk a little bit more about the variables behind the low and the high-end of the cost range? And should we look at that as $276 million or $383 million, or could it land somewhere in between?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hi, Matt. Good morning, this is Scott. I'm going to ask Tracy to answer that one for you.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Good morning, Matt. It could land somewhere in between, to answer your question directly. The low-end is more related to a direct route, which could be selected by the PUC. The high-end is to take account of the fact that there are more than 30 routes proposed as alternatives for the PUC to consider. And, if you imagine some 90 degree angles and some different transmission structures, the cost goes up as the variance from a straight line and from traditional construction standards vary. So, back to the answer, the answer is, it could be somewhere in between. We've said fairly consistently that $300 million is our best estimate, but this is a more precise range depending on the route, and the actual construction materials that have to be used based on the route.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, Tracy. Just wanted to ask also about the weather impact on utility operations. Understand that there was a significant headwind year-over-year, looks like it was still colder than normal though this year. So, was there a benefit versus normal in the first quarter of 2015 or was that all offset by the weather hedge?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey Matt, the benefit, we saw on the first quarter was technically favorable, but it was fairly negligible. It was fairly small. It was colder than normal, you are correct, but it was fairly negligible on a normal  comparing it to normal. The bigger consideration is, as you've noted and that is a substantial impact to the negative when compared to last year's rather severe winter.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, Scott. And then just final question, maybe a bit early but would you expect much opposition to the legislation to extend the DCRF or should that get approved fairly easily?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: We're fairly confident that that's going to pass, it has been approved by both the House and Senate. It's on the Governor's desk at the moment. So, we're anticipating a passage by the end of the second quarter.
Matt Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Sounds good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from John Edwards from Credit Suisse.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, good morning, everybody.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, John.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks for the color. Just following up on Ali's question, I'm just trying to figure out basically how you're thinking about your strategy going forward, it sounds like your dividend growth outlook is dependent on Enable. So, if that's sort of slowing down, that's slowing down the dividend growth, so obviously, it raises the question of whether you should spin it off or not to Ali's question. It doesn't look like you have that much growth out of the utility, given what the payout is to support dividend growth. Maybe I'm just missing something here. So, maybe you could kind of talk about those type of trade-offs as you sort of look forward with respect to dividend policy?
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: John, this is Bill. I'll start out with that, and if Scott cares to add comments he'll follow. As Scott said, we recognized the importance of a secure and competitive dividend as well as a growing dividend. We also recognize the volatility of earnings growth rates in the midstream sector, but we have to accept that this volatility does not necessarily translate into a volatile growth rate and dividends, as we seek value in a stable, consistent payout and growth rate.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Just echoing Bill's comments, we have clearly been impacted by the change in forecast that Enable has shared with us, and what we're really waiting for is some additional clarity from them as to what the future holds as they get more information in from their producers. That said, they have specific levers that they can use to help manage cash flows. We have specific levers as well that we can use to help manage cash flows. And as Bill said, our objective is to have a dividend that is competitive, it's secure, and it's growing. And that's what we're going to focus on.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. That's helpful. So, just if, for example, Enable is on more of this call it a 4% to 5% growth trajectory for their distributions, how does that impact your  because remember when they came out they obviously, we were thinking much higher than that, if it's a mid single-digit type profile. How should we think about what the growth profile might be at the CenterPoint level?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, we haven't provided direction on that, but one way to think about it is, if their growth rate is less than what they had originally forecasted over the long-term, they'll have some levers internally that they can use to help manage the actual cash flows and distributions. And then, we have some levers internally as well to ensure that we're working towards providing a dividend that's competitive with our peers. And so, we've got some levers here, they have some levers. So, even if their growth rate they project comes down, we both have some levers we can use to help manage the growth of the dividend appropriately.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And can you articulate on some of the internal levers you're thinking about now?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Bill, do you want to add?
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I mean John, clearly, the declaration of the dividend and the longer-term growth rate is something the board studies hard, and they make the declarations. We don't want to get ahead of our board on this. But, we recognize that the levers that we have are not only the strength of our balance sheet, but taking a look at other factors that go into our financial statements.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, John, I want to point out too just remind you, that we do have good utility growth over this period. So, we've got good support from our utilities for growth of the dividend as well.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right, I recognize that, just the payout is obviously pretty high right now, so that's what was given rise to this question.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think the overall payout for the company probably is high, but when you look at the component parts, the utility is still on a fairly reasonable range of payout.
John Edwards - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Okay. All right. That's helpful. Thank you.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question is from Lauren Duke from Deutsche Bank.
Lauren B. Duke - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Lauren.
Lauren B. Duke - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Bill, you talked a little bit about looking for other ways to kind of control O&M. Can you just talk about where you're seeing the most opportunity there and what sort of increased run rate do you think we should think about for you guys in the future?
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: Lauren, it's Bill. I'll start with that, and then ask if either Tracy or Joe would like to add to it. We're committed to discipline in respect to the growth rate in our O&M. We do recognize that there will be some growth, because we have growing customer base, growing volume sales in both the electric and the gas business. The way for us to address that is to look hard at not only our labor cost structure, but maintenance contracts and quite frankly to get more efficient in all that we do, which is more a matter of many, many small items throughout our business than it is any one large item. Joe or Tracy?
Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President & President-Gas Operations Division: I'll start, Lauren. In our gas business for years now, we've been investing in capital that's had the effect of making us more efficient operationally. And I think, if you were in New York in June, we showed a pretty low growth rate in our O&M over the last several years. And we don't expect that to be much more than 2% or so over the next several years, as we continue to take advantage of that. Good example is our customer service. We've made a lot of investment in technology and in systems there. And so, we're bringing down the unit cost of fielding calls and taking care of our customers and we've taken advantage of all of that. And not to mention as we spend more capital. More of our labor is capitalized as opposed to expense. So, those are a few of the factors that'll help us control O&M.
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Lauren, this is Tracy. I'll build on Joe's point, because it's a similar story. I touched on the very significant capital projects we have, we've completed our Smart Meter deployment of 2.3 million meters in 2012, and we're in the process of deploying our Intelligent Grid. That automates what was previously very manually-intensive processes. So, that definitely helps us convert manual expense-driven things into capital-driven things. And also customer service on the electric side, the best example we have there is Power Alert Service. We have 400,000 of our 2.3 million customers enrolled in this voluntary program and it allows us to proactively send them messages on what we know, when we know it, so that they don't have to call us. And if they don't have to call us, we don't have to have as much customer service expense and customer satisfaction increases. So, discipline, efficiency, substituting capital for expense, those are all themes that we continue to drive.
Lauren B. Duke - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, can you also, beyond the Brazos Valley connection, can you talk a little bit about whether you're seeing other larger scale transmission opportunities in the states that you guys are considering?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Lauren, this is Scott, I'll answer that one for you. Most of our investment on transmission is right around our footprint. So, the nature of investment is either within the footprint, where we're building investing in transmission and substations for industrial growth, which is kind of the other big theme in terms of transmission investment. Beyond that, the next  kind of the next wave of potential investment might be for additional import capabilities, but that would be many, many years out into the future and really going to have to be a function of evaluation done at that time about the balance between growing demand in the load pocket and the amount of generation that's available locally.
Lauren B. Duke - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman from Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Thank you. I've got a question for Tracy. But maybe before that, I'll just say that I've been one of the people concerned about the impact of the fall in oil and gas prices with respect to Houston load growth or customer growth. That slide you have on number six really addresses that very well. I compliment you on that. And then Tracy, my question is, do you see any significant challenges to the DCRF extension? I would think that would be a lot tamer than what has gone on with the import project?
Tracy B. Bridge - Executive VP & President-Electric Division: Charles, the answer is no, we don't foresee any issues with that. We think it will be enacted into law by the end of the second quarter. Both bills are identical. They've passed the House and have passed the Senate in Texas. And as Scott said, we're simply waiting for enactment. So, we don't see any issues with the continuation of that legislative authority.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Research: Okay. Thank you. That was all I had.
Operator: Our last question is from Jeremy Tonet from JPMorgan.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, good morning.
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just wanted to start off with a quick housekeeping item, could you remind us on the utility side, what was the trailing 12 months payout ratio? Do you have that handy?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Bill, do you happen to have that?
William D. Rogers - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer: We will get that for you.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Yeah, that'd be helpful. Great. And then just wanted to see if you had any thought, I think there was some discussion as far as alternative structures. I think a peer out there had been discussing in the marketplace as far as whether or not to utilize a REIT structure or there was some discussion general around that. And I am wondering if you guys had paid any thought to that and if you had any thoughts to share there?
Scott M. Prochazka - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Jeremy. That's an interesting space. We have actually been looking at REITs and examining the many issues around them as you well know. Looking for opportunities, where REIT structure could be value enhancing for either our customers or the rate payers, I'm sorry  or the investors. And what we're seeing so far is, while this is interesting, there's still a number of complications in regulatory issues that we think make this space more challenging than opportunistic; but that said, we're going to keep exploring and keep looking at how that area develops to see if it could represent opportunity for us.
Jeremy B. Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2015 earnings conference call.
Carla A. Kneipp - Treasurer & Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We'll conclude our first quarter 2015 earnings call. Have a nice day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla A. Kneipp - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott M. Prochazka - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Tracy B. Bridge - Executive Vice President and President of Electric Division Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President of Gas Division Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President and Treasurer. Ms. Kneipp, you may begin.
Carla A. Kneipp: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our fourth quarter 2014 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us our new incoming CFO, Bill Rogers, and other members of management present who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information about the company, key personnel, corporate initiatives, regulatory updates and other matters. Information that we post on our website could be deemed material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements suggest predictions or expectations and thus are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, legislative and regulatory actions, timing and extent of changes in commodity prices, growth or decline in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. With the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results have changed. As a result, we will refer to our equity investment in Enable as Midstream Investments and to the remainder of our businesses as Utility Operations. We will also discuss our guidance for 2015. The Utility Operations guidance range considers performance to date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory, and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rate, interest rate and financing activity. In providing this guidance, the company does not include other potential impacts, such as the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of ZENS securities and the related stock or the timing effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting in the company's energy services business. In providing Midstream Investments' guidance, the company takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortization of our basis differential in Enable and other factors. The company does not include other potential impact such as the impacts of any changes in accounting standards for Enable's unusual items. For the reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release, which along with our Form 10-K, updated debt maturity and equity return amortization schedule and year-end supplemental materials have been posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com underneath the Investor section. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Thursday, March 5. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 61569448. You can also listen to an online replay on our website and we will archive the call for at least 1 year. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported full-year earnings of $611 million or $1.42 per diluted share as compared to $311 million or $0.72 per diluted share in 2013. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full-year adjusted earnings would have been $1.27 per diluted share in 2014 compared to $1.20 for 2013. Included in 2014 earnings is a $29 million tax benefit, which equates to $0.07 per share, which Gary will discuss later. Utility Operations contributed $0.83 per diluted share and Midstream Investments contributed $0.44 for 2014. I'm pleased with our overall 2014 performance. With a new leadership team, refreshed corporate vision and strategy and successful IPO of Enable Midstream Partners, we took important steps in 2014 to set up a new foundation for the company while delivering strong business results. In June of last year, we laid out our investment and growth plans for our utilities, and I'm happy to confirm, we remain on target to achieve those goals. Further, our management transition plan has gone very smoothly. With the addition of Bill Rogers, as the incoming CFO, the new senior management team is now in place. The new team has the right mix of industry experience, functional knowledge and personal dedication necessary to continue moving our company forward. Our financial performance is driven by customer growth, capital additions, timely recovery of investments and ongoing cost management. 2014 was a record year for capital investments at our utilities, and our new 5-year plan includes approximately $7.4 billion of capital spend for Utility Operations, which is in line with our upside case presented in June of 2014. In 2014, we continued to benefit from a number of positive trends. Economic and customer growth was strong within our footprint, especially in Texas and Minnesota. Growth in the Houston area will continue to benefit from 3 key themes: First, construction remain strong across our residential, commercial and industrial sectors and the inventories are maintaining at reasonable levels. According to Mark Dotzour, the Chief Economist and Director of Research at Texas A&M Real Estate Center, 8 million square feet of new industrial space will be completed in 2015, much of which will be used to support continued growth in the petrochemical sector. Additionally, vacancy rates in some parts of the city are at all-time lows. Second, Houston has demonstrated the ability to grow in both high and low-energy commodity cycles. The Houston area population has grown steadily since 1990, despite oil prices cycling between $20 and $150 per barrel. And third, the local economy is much more diverse than in years past. According to the City of Houston, in 1981, the economic base was dominated by energy-related businesses with nearly 85% of all jobs in those sectors. Today, nearly 1/2 of all jobs are in non-energy sectors, such as business services, technology, aerospace, medicine and manufacturing. While Houston's projected job growth is below last year's near-record pace, the forecasted increase of 60,000 jobs or 2% remains in line with long-term trends. Much attention lately has been on energy commodity prices and their impact on Enable. Last week, Enable provided a reduced 2015 guidance range, which reflects the near-term effects of those lower prices and a recent decline in rig count in the areas in which Enable operates. From a longer-term perspective, we remained positive on the fundamentals that underlie Enable's growth story. Enable sets itself apart from other MLPs with their investment-grade balance sheet, strong organic growth opportunities and a constructive balance of acreage dedications, fixed-fee contracts and minimum-volume-commitment contracts that support much of their income. Enable's customer base and relationships as well as their geographic base and diversity will continue to provide opportunities, even with energy price volatility. Enable provides a significant contribution to our dividend, while allowing us to focus our capital investment on our utility businesses. As you all know, today will be Gary Whitlock's last earnings call as CFO of CenterPoint Energy. Gary has been with the company since its inception in 2002 and was a key part of the management team that dealt with several challenges and opportunities. I worked closely with Gary over his entire time and his experience, knowledge, and counsel will be missed. His replacement, Bill Rogers, comes to us with many years of utility and banking experience and while it will be tough to fill Gary's shoes, Bill will certainly bring his own brand of experience and leadership capabilities to our senior management team and the [Audio Gap] Looking forward, we will drive our strategy to operate, serve and grow. From an operations perspective, we will continue to emphasize safety, reliability and efficiency. We will enhance service to our customers and our communities. Our capital investments will support growth and our service territories ensure essential system upgrades and improve customer service, which will position the company for success and as a leader in our industry. Let me wrap up by commending our employees, who met challenges of 2014 head on. They implemented innovative solutions for our customers, executed on a large capital program to meet the current and future infrastructure needs and gave back to their communities in their spare time. This year, we were named as a Civic 50 award recipient for our contributions to our communities. This award recognizes the nation's most civic minded companies and I'm honored that we were selected as the 2014 Utilities Sector recipient. Our employees are the heart of our success and their collective performance is much appreciated. I will now ask Tracy to discuss electric operations
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric's 2014 financial performance was solid and in line with our expectations. Core operating income was $477 million compared to $474 million in 2013. Growth of nearly 55,000 in metered customers in 2014 contributed $33 million of incremental revenue. We benefited $15 million from a higher energy efficiency performance bonus in 2014, $8 million of which is related to the resolution of our bonus appeal. We also benefited $23 million from higher equity returns, primarily related to true-up proceeds. These increases were partially offset by milder weather, lower rights-of-way revenue, higher operating and maintenance expense and depreciation. As you have heard, Houston continues to be a vibrant place to work and live, which is reflected in our throughput and customer growth for 2014. Home throughput increased over 2% and customer growth increased over 2.4% in 2014. Of the top 10 most populous metro areas in the nation, the greater Houston area's population growth rate consistently ranked in the top 2. In response ongoing customer and load growth, Houston Electric has been investing significant capital to ensure that our customers' electricity needs are reliably and safely met. In 2014, Houston Electric invested $818 million of capital, which represents an approximate 8% increase over 2013's capital expenditure level. This year, we expect Houston Electric to continue delivering solid results. Given the current commodity price environment, we anticipate customer growth will decline but remain healthy at 2% in 2015. We plan to invest over $900 million of capital this year and approximately $4.4 billion over the next 5 years. This investment will be used to improve service reliability and system resiliency, enhance our customer service systems and support load growth and ongoing system maintenance. This level of capital investment results in rate base growth consistent with the growth rate we have previously provided, despite the rate base reduction associated with bonus depreciation in 2014. I'd like to discuss 2 projects in our capital investment plan that help demonstrate the growth in our service territory. Many of you are familiar with the Houston Import Project. We are responsible for the southern half of this project known as the Brazos Valley Connection. This project is critical for electric reliability in the Houston region as a result of forecasted load growth and insufficient local generation. Houston Electric will file for approval in its portion of the project with the Public Utility Commission of Texas in April. We anticipate the capital cost of the Brazos Valley Connection will be approximately $300 million. Another project that demonstrates the load growth in our service territory is our Jones Creek Project. This $86 million transmission investment will enable the delivery of 656 megawatts of power to serve Freeport LNG's new $10 billion-plus natural gas liquefaction export facility. The LNG plant will help drive economic growth in our service area. Our Jones Creek Project is expected to be in service beginning in December of 2017, and Freeport LNG will be one of our largest industrial customers once the project is fully operational in 2018. In addition to growth products, we continue to see strong interest in the use of our rights-of-way, indicating continued pipeline expansion activity associated with growth in our service area. In 2015, we are forecasting rights-of-way revenue in the range of $10 million to $20 million. Regarding regulatory matters, we do not anticipate the need for a general rate case filing at Houston Electric in the near-term. We do, however, plan to make a Distribution Cost Recovery Factor filing in April, which will allow us to earn a return on distribution capital invested since our last rate case. Rate increases from the filing would go into effect later this year, however, most of the benefit would be realized in 2016. This recovery mechanism, along with our transmission cost-of-service mechanism will be very effective in reducing recovery lag and mitigating the need for time-consuming, costly general rate cases. I am pleased with the results of this year and with our prospects for the future. Houston Electric continues to execute on its plan to provide safe, reliable, and efficient electric service for its growing service territory. I'll now turn the call over to Joe McGoldrick, who will update you on gas operations.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. 2014 was another great year for gas operations. We continued to invest in system upgrades and growth while pursuing new technology to improve system safety, reliability and enhance customer service. The natural gas utility business has been successful, in part, by proactively working with the regulatory commissions to implement innovative rate mechanisms that reduce lag in recovering these investments. In addition, our energy services business was able to take advantage of basis volatility, which created asset optimization opportunities and increased throughput and margin due to extreme cold weather. Gas Operations reported $339 million in operating income for 2014 comprised of a record-setting $287 million in our natural gas utilities and $52 million from our energy services business. By comparison, Gas Operations reported $276 million in 2013, comprised of $263 million in our natural gas utilities and $13 million in our energy services business. Natural gas utilities had an outstanding year. We added nearly 36,000 new customers, a 1% increase, with the strongest growth in Minnesota and Texas, and throughput on our system increased by 4%. This business also benefited from the extreme cold weather in the first quarter of 2014, as we reached the cap on our weather-hedge by February and consequently, enjoyed the benefit of added margins the rest of the winter and early spring. Rate increases accounted for $37 million of improved revenue, helping offset increases in O&M and D&A during the year. Natural gas utilities invested $525 million in 2014, which represents an approximate 22% increase over 2013. We anticipate that this elevated capital investment will continue to drive rate base and earnings growth. Our new 5-year plan includes $2.7 billion of capital, which is slightly above the high end of the capital investment plan we shared with you last June. Our $170 million conversion of automated metering technology is substantially complete in 4 of the 6 states we serve. We plan to upgrade the remaining 420,000 meters this year to complete the project. Upon completion, we will have upgraded 3.4 million meters. We also continued to invest capital in pipe replacement. 2 good examples of this are: the multiyear, $400 million Minnesota Beltline Project; and our accelerated cast-iron- and bare-steel-main-replacement program. These investments have improved our system reliability, safety and our customer experience and we are proud of what we have accomplished. Our increased capital spending is impacting D&A, which was up $16 million or approximately 9% versus 2013. While 2014 O&M expenses were up 4% over the prior year, the annual growth rate between 2011 and 2014 was 1%, after adjusting for pass-through expenses. Going forward, we'll manage O&M expenses to approximately a 3% compound annual growth rate. On the regulatory front, we anticipate filing general rate cases in 2015 in our Texas Coast, Minnesota and Arkansas rate jurisdictions. We will also file annual rate mechanisms in other service territories, including our GRIP asset recovery mechanism in our Houston, South Texas and East Texas divisions. Implementation of new rates will be staggered over 2015 and 2016. In Minnesota, interim rates will go in effect approximately, 60 days after filing the rate case later this summer, and will be trued-up once final rates are determined in 2016. The majority of increases related to all of these filings will be reflected in 2016 results. The energy services business, after adjusting for mark-to-market accounting, would have reported operating income of $23 million in 2014 compared to $15 million in 2013. This business benefited from 2 key factors in 2014: first, basis volatility created asset optimization revenues, not experienced in many years; and second, the extreme cold weather increased throughput and margin from our weather-sensitive customers. When combined with solid expense management, including some workforce reductions, energy services had a very good year. Going forward, we will focus on opportunities within our core footprint. I am proud of the reliable service we continue to deliver to our customers, often in volatile and constrained market conditions such as those created by last year's extreme weather. We remained focused on delivering gas safely and reliably, creating first-rate customer-service experiences and providing customers with product and service options that meet their growing needs. I'll now turn the call over to Gary for an update on financial activities.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I had a few topics to review this morning and would like to start by discussing the financial results for our businesses. Our Utility Operations reported very solid earnings of $0.83 per diluted share on a guidance basis. These results included a tax benefit of $29 million or $0.07 per diluted share from the periodic reconciliation of deferred taxes related to book and tax balance sheet. After adjusting for this tax benefit, Utility Operations would have reported $0.76 per diluted share, which is at the upper end of our 2014 guidance range of $0.72 to $0.76. Additionally, Enable reported strong fourth quarter and full-year earnings. They delivered solid increases in net income, adjusted EBITDA and distributable cash flow and increased their fourth quarter 2014 unit distribution by 7% over the partnership's minimum quarterly distribution. This strong performance of Enable in 2014 resulted in our Midstream Investment's reporting earnings of $0.44 per diluted share for the full year, which is also at the upper end of our 2014 guidance range of $0.42 to $0.45 per diluted share. In addition, we received $305 million in cash distributions from Midstream Investment. Consistent with our dividend policy, these cash distributions net of tax are used to support our dividend. I would now like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2015. As Carla noted in providing this guidance, we take into account certain, but not all variables that may impact actual performance. Let me start with our Midstream Investments. Enable is well-positioned to be successful in today's lower and changing energy commodity market. Enable has investment-grade credit rating, low leverage and substantial liquidity. When combined with a significant fee-based margin business, minimum-volume-commitment contracts, a thoughtful hedging strategy, integrated assets and a seasoned management team, we expect they will continue to execute their business plan by taking the necessary actions to be successful in this more challenging business environment. Based on the latest outlook and guidance provided by Enable, we estimate the equity earnings from our Midstream Investments to be in the range of $0.29 to $0.35 per diluted share. This guidance range assumes our current LP ownership interest of 55.4% and includes the amortization of our basis difference in Enable. Now, let me turn to our earnings guidance for Utility Operations, which includes the earnings at the parent company and our energy services business. I would like to describe 3 items that have favorably impacted our 2014 Utility Operations' results by $0.06 per diluted share. Taking these 3 items into consideration, provides our 2014 Utility Operations' baseline earnings: first, our 2014 equity return related to true-up proceeds is $0.03 per share higher than anticipated in 2015, as a result of the need to true-up the amounts reported from inception to date; second, we benefited $0.02 per share from favorable weather; and third, we received a $0.01 per share benefit from a favorable ruling related to our 2008 energy efficiency bonus appeal. We have included a reconciliation to the $0.70 baseline earning in our year-end supplemental materials. Our earnings guidance range for Utility Operations for 2015 is $0.71 to $0.75 per diluted share. Using the midpoint of this earnings guidance range of $0.73, compared to the 2014 baseline of $0.70, we expect Utility Operations to grow 4.2% this year with a 4% to 6% compound annual growth rate expected through 2019. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of approximately 37%, which includes a 38% booked tax rate for Enable's earning and an average share count of 431 million shares. The resulting consolidated earnings guidance range for 2015 is $1 to $1.10 per diluted share. And we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations on a quarterly basis. As you have previously heard, our 5-year plan outlines approximately $7.4 billion of capital investment. We expect to finance this capital spending with a thoughtful approach of raising equity and debt on a timeframe, as needed, to ensure that our regulatory capital structure's appropriate and that our debt credit ratings remain strong investment-grade. Due to the cash flow benefit of bonus depreciation being extended in 2014, we do not see any need for equity in 2015. In future years, we expect to raise equity to fund our capital plan through the sale of original issue shares through our savings and Investor's Choice Plan. Next, I would like to remind you of our dividend policy and the $0.2475 per share quarterly dividend declared by Board of Directors on January 22. This dividend rate represents a 4.2% increase from our 2014 dividend when annualized, and represents a 19% increase in the dividend rate since the formation of Enable in 2013. Although this dividend increase is lower than what we had anticipated, when we provided a dividend growth rate forecast last year, it nonetheless represents a significant increase and reflects the latest outlook and guidance from Enable. It also includes the projected cash tax rate for Enable distributions, averaging approximately 25%, increasing from 15% to 32% through 2018. Due to the limited forward-looking timeframe of Enable's guidance, we do not feel it's appropriate to provide a dividend growth rate forecast at this time. However, our objective remains unchanged, which is to provide our shareholders a growing dividend that reflects the long-term stability, and growth in our regulated utilities combined with after-tax cash distributions we received from Enable. We believe this policy represents a strong commitment to our shareholders. As mentioned earlier, I will be retiring from the company and Bill Rogers has been named my successor. Bill is an outstanding finance professional and is a servant leader with great integrity. Bill, Scott and the entire executive management team are talented professionals, who are committed to serve our shareholders, employees, customers, creditors and the communities where we live and work and CenterPoint Energy could not be in better hands. And finally, I want to acknowledge David McClanahan, Scott Rozzell and Tom Standish. We all worked together from the formation of the company, and I want to thank them for affording me the privilege of working beside them these past years to help CenterPoint Energy become a stronger company. Most importantly, I want to thank all of our employees who work safely each day to serve our customers and our community. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy and I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla A. Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. In asking your questions, I'd like to remind you that Enable-related financial and operational performance questions should be directed towards Enable management. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Carmen?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: First question, can you dig a little bit more into the CapEx numbers? Specifically, when I look at '15 through '18 from the 10-K, you talked at the Analyst Day about upside potential of $1.2 billion it looks like you've increased it by literally double that $2.5 billion. How is there's so much upside and how is that not boosting the rate base growth? I understand the bonus depreciation is negative but seems like it should be growing a whole lot faster given the CapEx.
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott. I think what's going on -- you mentioned the '15 through '18 forecast. The new numbers we gave are '15 through '19. So the extra amount of CapEx you're looking at probably comes from the addition of '19.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: No. I don't think it does.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, because you had mentioned earlier that it was '15 through '18, because we were comparing at that time a revision of how the increase would be from '15 through '18, and we showed upside opportunity for those years and then we've now layered in '19 if I've looked -- I've corrected.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Maybe. I'll double check my numbers, but I thought the increase apples-to-apples was more than the $1.2 billion of upside you talked about at the Analyst Day. Is that not the case?
Scott M. Prochazka: The increase from the -- the way to think of this is the increase from the Analyst Day is in the neighborhood of $1.2 billion.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Apologies.
Scott M. Prochazka: But we'll, we can work -- we'll have -- we'll double check this and we can deal with this after the call to make sure you're clear on it.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Yes, that sounds good. Then the second question I had was you mentioned that you'll be filing for the Distribution Cost Recovery Factor in April. If I remember correctly, that only applies if your ROE is back to the level of allowed? Is that's right? And if so, what is that assumed for your 2015 earned ROE?
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, that is -- you understand the rule correctly. We cannot file the DCRF unless our ROE, earned ROE, is below our authorized. So we have not yet filed what that is, it's based on '14's numbers. We'll be filing that shortly but it's safe to assume that it is below our authorized rate of 10%, and it's based on what we earned in 2014.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And just a question on the -- Gary, could you maybe just repeat your comments on the cash tax rate that you're expecting for Enable distributions?
Gary L. Whitlock: Sure. Yes, on Enable distributions, as you know Steve, the tax rates start lower and I'm really talking about from '15 forward. So they moved from '15 -- and average is 25% over a period of next number of years and through -- up to 2018. So they average 25% but they move from 15% to 32% over that time, and as you know, it's an important point. As you think about our dividend which, as you know, we increased this year by 4.2%, if you annualized that dividend, 19% since we formed Enable. Certainly, when we were at the Analyst Day we laid out an 8% to 10% growth rate in the dividend. Now we're subsequent to that, as you know, there's been somewhat precipitous fall in commodity prices and challenges there. And Enable then -- that was based, by the way, on Enable's growth rate of 10% to 12%, they've lowered that, they provided 1-year guidance, as you know, and moved that down to more of a per-unit distribution growth rate of 3% to 7%, still solid. But as we -- we will continue to get increasing cash distributions from Enable but the tax rate goes up as well. So again, their rate of growth is not as much and then the tax -- our tax rate that we had originally anticipated to be more lower teens during this timeframe, but it looks like it's going to average 25%.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes, that's right.
Gary L. Whitlock: So we're not -- yes, that's it Steven. It was -- we've moved it up there and that's what I was trying to disclose to you.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. That's what I thought, because I -- we had look, we had it in the high, like, mid-teens, high teens.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. High teens.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So 2015..
Gary L. Whitlock: And as you know, what we're doing in our dividend, the way we think about it, as you know, the elements or the Enable growth rate and distributions, tax -- tax those, I mean, you'll have to tax those, understand the tax cash implication and then our utility earnings by growth. So we have to take those into consideration and, of course, to be in a position that we want to continuously grow our dividend, we'll have to be very thoughtful about the dividend increase. But still very proud of 4.2%. Enable's going to continue to grow, they'll execute their business plans, we'll have cash distribution from them and it will grow our utility and provide dividends from our utility as well. But you're absolutely right. 20 -- so think more of average of 25% in terms of the tax rate. Post 2018 we're not ready to provide the guidance on that yet, because we're still doing work on that. But it would continue to go up not down.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So it's 25% over 2015 to 2018?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, sir.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: On average. And what is the actual 2015 expected cash tax rate?
Gary L. Whitlock: It's closer to the 15%.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: 15%?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: And then it ramps up a lot here in '16...
Gary L. Whitlock: It ramps up. Yes. And those things -- just to caution you, those things are subject to some change. Those are complex calculations based on basis and tax basis and those things. But I think the new news is giving you a little higher tax rate, hope it gives you more color as we thought about the dividend.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And last thing on the dividend, just, when you did set the 4% you knew this tax rate changed, you knew Enable's updated forecast already then? Like so, everything that we have now you knew, when you set the 4% dividend growth?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. I think that's a fair comment. Yes. It was a thought -- that is a thoughtful way to consider it. Look, we -- in terms of a 8% to 10% -- I mean, by the way, when they -- we were at 8% to 10%, we knew the growth rate was -- I mean, the interest rate -- I mean, the tax rate was going to be going up. It moved some, it's not -- it's certainly manageable. The real driver on the dividend not being 8% to 10% growth rate really relates to Enable. And look, it's a very -- as Scott laid out and we laid out, it's a great company, solid investment, great balance sheet, excellent prospects to continue to grow and will grow. But we have -- our dividend, we want to be in a position to continue to grow the dividend thoughtfully. And the board, and Scott, and management team felt that 4.2% was a right place to land and then as Enable -- if we have more visibility, Enable continues to grow, we have more line of sight, then the board will take a thoughtful decision on the increase in the dividend.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Actually, Steve hit on exactly what I wanted to go through, so I appreciate the color. Maybe just to clarify of that 4 years averaging 25%, Gary, you said, we should be ending in a 32% cash tax rate at 2018. And I apologize, can you help me once again why the change in the tax rate? Is that simply because with only 1-year of visibility from Enable there's not enough CapEx to provide a shield?
Gary L. Whitlock: It's combination of those factors, obviously, for this call it's -- there's a lot of detail behind it, but it's a number of those factors in terms of clearly, we know our basis going in, and the MLP structure in those distributions that's exactly it, Carl, there's complications around that, and as they're becoming more clear to us it is going to be higher rate. Look, we're still delighted, it's a low-cash tax rate early but it does ramp up, and overtime, we're no different than any other taxpayer, we won't have these remedials and those things that allow you to have a lower tax rate earlier. But we're going to always constantly look for ways to lower our taxes. And hopefully, if there's corporate tax reform by the way, that will be terrific. Like you say, it's different for the regulated utility but for distributions we receive from Enable that would be important to us. So
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Canada: That would be. Well, Gary, the reason why I was asking in the way I was, was because in the sense that does it get to be sort of a double impact from the slowing of commodity prices, in the sense that to the extent that whatever timeframe happens to be, if we do all of a sudden get a recovery and we see more drilling in the scoop, et cetera, to the extent that more visibility comes from infrastructure at Enable, presumably, by owning as many LP units as you are, you are going to all of a sudden start getting the benefit of that LP tax shield. And I would think the tax rate would then start to roll back to a better rate, am I thinking about that correctly?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. Look, I think that is correct and I think those are more -- those dynamics have to be taken into consideration. So what we're providing as disclosure as to where it is today, I think, a year or 2 or some period in the future, if that tax rate changes, those -- all those factors will be taken into consideration. I think the most important thing to take away is that the company is committed to its dividend policy and that is the pass-through that's after-tax distributions of Enable. So as they -- we want Enable to be bigger, better, stronger, grow their distributions and our shareholders benefit from that, which should ultimately lower our cost to capital and allow us to finance our utility and grow our utility which as Scott and Tracy and Joe described, we have terrific capital opportunities, accretive capital to invest, so it will all be helpful to us.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I wanted to try to ask again about the CapEx plan change. I believe you said your base CapEx plan is now what had been your upside case, back at the Analyst Day in June. And when you gave us that, you also articulated upside case of rate base growth, and for earnings growth, I believe, you're not changing your expectations to those upside cases, if I heard correctly. So I guess just how should we think about those rates not going up with the CapEx? Is that bonus depreciation, is that the addition of '19 and that grows slower? Just help us understand that.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, Matt, I'll take a stab at this first and others may weigh in here, if need be. When we showed you consolidated utility CapEx in June, we showed a 2014 to '18 number of $6.2 billion on the low end and then $7.4 billion was the upside number we had shown. We've now redone our full 5-year capital plan to include '15 through '19 and that '15 through '19 number, which drops '14 adds '19 is now $7.4 billion. So that number, that new 5-year number is now at the top end of the range. So hopefully, that clarifies the capital piece, if Andrew's still listening, that may provide a little more clarity for him as well. You then asked about the growth in rate base. We had said that the rate base growth for the utilities would be, depending on which one you were looking at, somewhere around 7% to 10% or 8% to 10%. And then on the electric one, the new forecast, is it's at the higher end of that range, we describe it now at 8% to 10%. The gas utility rate base is still in that same range, it still falls in that same range. And what we had indicated around our earnings growth is that at the high end of this investment, we would be moving towards the top end or the higher end of our earnings growth range. We did not have a different earnings growth range number. We just said we would be striving towards the higher end. The dynamic that affects this growth rate on our earnings is -- there's a few of them. One is, that I think you told, we mentioned to you all, we have some high starting points for some of our utilities, either fully earning or in some cases, they were slightly above allowed returns and that affects the starting point of these -- of this growth rate. There certainly is a fair amount of regulatory lag, even though we have these mechanisms, since the time period is so short if you're investing all this capital, by the time you get to year 5, you've essentially financed all this capital but you don't have a good amount of that capital yet in rate base earning. Said another way, if you were to taper off capital or if capital were to taper off towards the end the earnings would improve, but you would be paying for that through reductions and earnings down the road because your capital investment had slowed down, so that is a factor. And then, the other factor is that over this period of time, there are some assumptions for some amount of equity issuance so that we maintain the right balance between debt and equity. So all 3 of those factors lead into the fact that the rate base growth is more than what we experienced on our earnings growth.
Carla A. Kneipp: Matt, this is Carla. You may have seen it but all those numbers Scott just went is on Page 4 of the supplemental material.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: That was actually really helpful. And then with respect to the long-term dividend growth, I understand the uncertainty with Enable kind of not reaffirming or updating their long-term growth beyond 2015. It sounded like they hoped to be able to give us a longer-term view, maybe later this year, after they've had some more discussions with their customers. Should we expect that you guys will update your dividend growth target once we hear from Enable or do you expect to be able to provide some more guidance at some point this year?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. Look, I think that's exactly right. Enable -- when we provided a 3-year dividend growth rate it was on the back of or following -- we can't obviously, can't believe [ph] with Enable, it was following Enable's -- where they described their 10% to 12% growth rate. Since they have obviously reduced that and then only given 1 year, that's exactly right. We really need to follow them. I won't commit to the company that, obviously, at this point but it's something that Scott and the board will consider is providing as much clarity. If they provide -- the more clarity Enable has, they'll have more this year I think that's exactly right. If they can provide multiyear with confidence around their growth and then, that gives us confidence around providing compound growth rate. But I think an important takeaway, we're going to continue to grow our dividend. Our utilities will grow. We have a payout ratio of 60% to 70%. We've got room to work around that as the utility grows. And the takeaway from our investors -- for our investors should be, we are going to continue to grow the dividend but we'll do it in a thoughtful way, and we do have to be very thoughtful and mindful of Enable and really follow their information and try not to lead it.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. If I could just have one more. With respect to the $0.07 tax benefit that you mentioned in the fourth quarter, you kept that in your calculation of guidance basis EPS. So I guess, a, was that expected when you provided guidance; and b, is there anything similar expected in your 2015 guidance?
Gary L. Whitlock: We -- yes, this is Gary again. Look, I think there was -- what we've done, there were some expectations at work was going on. This is, what I call a, it's periodic reconciliation of these very complicated multiyear issues around book and tax balance sheet, so we had some knowledge of that. What we've done, you'll see it in our supplemental materials and I hope I've described it, we left it really from precedent perspective in the $0.83, but clearly, wanted to take it out. So you have -- start with the $0.76 and I'll call it the starting point for last year. So -- look, for the tax rate going forward, 38% of what -- in terms of booked tax rate from Enable, we look approximately 36% or so, so we've got a, frankly, a little more headwind. We introduced the year at 33% total tax -- 31% total tax rate, if you add that back it's about 34%. So what we're doing when you look at guidance of $0.71 to $0.75, we have to -- we're going to work hard to beat that if we can. But it includes some headwinds, whether it be tax rate or others things that we have to work hard to fill the gap in.
Scott M. Prochazka: And Matt, this is Scott. It's probably also worth noting, as Gary talked about the baselining of our 2014 earnings to $0.70 and then, the midpoint of our new range suggesting a 4% -- a little over 4% increase in earnings expected from '15 -- from '14 to '15. It's probably worth noting too, a year ago when we gave guidance at our first -- our fourth quarter call, which had been our first call last year, in '14, we gave guidance for the utility at $0.68 to $0.72. And at that point, it was based on expecting normal things to occur throughout the year, given what we had. So that re-baselining goes back to essentially the guidance that we provided at the start of last year, and then, of course, as we went through the year, as we do each year, we will adjust guidance based on what we've actually experienced as well as leaving the range in tact to account for additional variabilities throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Scott, just to be clear on a point you'd made earlier. So now that you are spending the extra CapEx on the utility side and the commensurate rate base that goes with that, so fair to say if we baseline the starting point in '14, that you're probably now at the higher end of that 4% to 6% range, that you had originally thought you would be with the extra CapEx? Is that still a fair assumption?
Scott M. Prochazka: So I'll make sure I understand, Ali, correctly, you're saying if we -- if you start with the $0.70 are we saying -- you're asking, if -- where we are in the range of our utility growth, the earnings growth?
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: No, I'm just -- basically saying, I think, repeating what you said, if I heard it right. You said, when you had put the 4% to 6% out there for EPS growth on utility, you had made the case, "Hey if we spend the extra money from a EPS side, we'll probably end up at the higher end of that range. We won't end up with a new range but we'll end up at the higher end of the range." So is that still...
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, that's correct. We are -- yes, Ali, that's correct. We are targeting the high end of that range and as we've told you in the past because of these factors that we had -- I had shared earlier that the growth rate towards the front end of this cycle was going to be less than what we would see in the middle or towards the end of the cycle.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. Then, secondly, given the dislocations on the Enable side, the fact that you are not able to talk longer-term because they haven't been able to talk longer-term, given the volatility, I mean, on the down side that's been going on. For CenterPoint shareholders, Scott, have you stepped back and said, "Hey, is there a different way we can run this?" So that CenterPoint shareholders are not held hostage to what happens on the Enable side, whether it's cranking up the payout ratio on the utility, maybe having more flexibility to talk longer-term. I mean, how are you thinking about this on the CenterPoint side, given all that's transpired on the Enable side?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, Ali, I think that's a fair question. I mean we are thinking about how can we -- what can we do to manage the growth that we experienced. And there is some volatility, it's not -- it's a little more volatile than maybe other utility stocks but it's nowhere near the volatility of what Enable is experiencing. We still believe there's tremendous value in offering the baseload of our utility performance, which has steady, I'll call it, more predictable growth with the upside potential growth that we get from Enable. We think that's a unique and valuable value proposition. And we're going to continue to manage the information they give along -- about their projections of where they're headed financially, with our policy of making sure that we're thoughtful about how we increase dividends. I mean we want to increase these dividends in a steady -- I'll describe them as a steady methodical way, but have it ultimately reflect the value contribution that we get from Enable.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just one related to that. I mean would this also spur, perhaps, or to think about maybe adding more to the utility business? I know, we've talked about potential M&A in the past but just to increase the proportion of the predictable utility earnings to reduce the MLP exposure, would this be another incentive for you to look at whether it's gas or electric ruled [ph] M&A going forward?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. We've just increased our capital spend, as you've seen here in this plan, to get at that. I think we've mentioned in the past, M&A is not a core part of our strategy, it's something that we consider on an opportunistic basis, and we will do something if it meets the criteria that we've set out before. But our primary objective here is to grow these utilities with all the organic opportunity we have in front of us. And to the extent that other opportunities come along in the utility space that meet those criteria, I think, it would provide a little bit of the benefit that you just described.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your last question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: If I look at the Slide 4 of the supplemental, the electric rate base goes from 7% to 10% and then, when you roll it to the next 5 years, 8% to 10%, so you're bringing up the lower end 1%. Is it a fair assessment that, that really was driven by the transmission projects between -- that you've been able to finalize since June? Is that what's going on?
Scott M. Prochazka: There's a little more involved than that in that. I'm going to ask Tracy to address that.
Tracy B. Bridge: When we talked about the upside, last June, at Analyst Day, we didn't have discrete projects that had been identified as to what that upside was, but neither did we have any dollars in our baseline capital plan for the Houston Import Project. So now we have better line of sight that we think we're going to have an investment opportunity there of approximately $300 million. That now has materialized into part of our upside but that's not the whole story, there are other things that we've done. So it's a combination of our portion of what we expect to be approved, hopefully, later this year by the Public Utilities Commission as well as other opportunities that we've identified.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So it's really just increased confidence now versus last -- almost 8 months ago?
Tracy B. Bridge: Yes, that's correct.
Carla A. Kneipp: Carmen, with that we're going to go ahead and end the call. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 earnings call. And have a nice day.
Operator: This does conclude CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives:  Carla Kneipp  VP & Treasurer Scott Prochazka  President & CEO Tracy Bridge  EVP & President, Electric Division Joe McGoldrick  EVP & President, Gas Division Gary Whitlock  EVP & CFO
Analysts:  Carl Kirst  BMO Capital Matt Tucker  KeyBanc Capital Ali Agha  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Charles Fishman  Morningstar
Operator: Welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Ms. Carla Kneipp, Vice President and Treasurer. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Cia. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our third quarter 2014 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also present are other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to distribute material information about the company and to communicate important information about the company, key personnel, corporate initiatives, regulatory updates and other matters. Information we post on our website could be deemed material, therefore we encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. These forward looking statements suggest predictions or expeditions and thus are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially, based upon factors including weather variations, legislative and regulatory actions, timing and extent of the changes in commodity prices, growth or decline in service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. For a reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release which, along with our Form 10-Q and updated debt maturity and equity return amortization schedule, has been posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. These materials are for informational purposes and we will not be referring to them during prepared remarks. With the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results has changed. As a result, we will refer to our equity investment in Enable as Midstream Investments and to the remainder of our businesses as Utility Operations. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Wednesday, November 12. (Operator Instructions). I'll now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us on CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. During our Analyst and Investor Day and our last earnings call, we touched upon two themes that are central to our delivering best-in-class utility performance, organic investment and operational expertise. This morning I'm going to provide an overview of our third quarter performance and then give a brief update on these topics. Our businesses performed well despite the milder weather in the third quarter as compared to last year. Net income was $143 million or $0.33 per diluted share compared with $151 million or $0.35 per diluted share for the same period in 2013. On a guidance basis, third quarter 2014 earnings were $0.30 per diluted share of which Utility Operations contributed $0.19 and Midstream Investments contributed $0.11, this compares to $0.33 in the third quarter of 2013 of which Utility Operations contributed $0.21 and Midstream Investments contributed $0.12. Core operating income from Utility Operations was $203 million this quarter compared to $212 million last year. We continue to benefit from strong economic growth in several of our larger service territories. We've added more than 85,000 customers in the last 12 months. Year-to-date we have invested $987 million in capital compared with $907 million through the third quarter of last year, an increase of around 9%. We remain on track to invest approximately $1.4 billion in infrastructure by year-end. Our third quarter equity income from Midstream Investments was $76 million compared to $75 million in the same quarter of 2013, excluding basis difference accretion in both years. Enable held its third quarter earnings call yesterday and we were pleased with the strong results they presented. We received several questions about the downward pressure our stock price recently experienced associated with market volatility in the MLP sector. Our view is that lower oil prices, negatively impacting the MLP sector, had a disproportionately negative impact on Enable's unit price as well as CenterPoint's stock price. Enable discussed their commodity exposure during their earnings call yesterday and I would direct you to their published materials for the details. As a reminder, we own 55.4% of Enable's LP units and 40% of the general partner IDRs. Enable's high quality assets, strong customer relationships, balanced contract mix and solid financial position, make it a valuable component of our portfolio with a manageable risk profile. We expect Enable to continue to be a strong source of value creation in the years to come. CenterPoint's value proposition remains unchanged, we offer investors exposure to vibrant growing utility service territories coupled with an MLP growth accelerator that allows us to offer an industry leading dividend growth rate. We believe our valuation should reflect our proportional ownership of Enable, plus an appropriate earnings multiple valuation for our high quality utilities. Overall, were pleased with the company's financial and operational performance. We're executing a robust capital plan and we will update our capital projections on the fourth quarter earnings call. We anticipate those projections to be in line with the capital upside potential presented at our June Analyst Day. Looking forward, we remain on track to deliver our expected earnings for the year and are well-positioned to achieve long-term growth. We continue to focus on operating safely, serving our growing customer base effectively and running the businesses efficiently. I'll now turn the call over to Tracy to review electric operations.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid third quarter both operationally and financially. Core operating income was $202 million this quarter compared to $207 million in the third quarter of 2013. Higher earnings from customer growth, higher equity returns, primarily related to true up proceeds and increased right-of-way revenues were more than offset by return to more normal weather and higher O&M expenses. Houston Electric's service territory continues to grow. Since the third quarter last year, we added more than 50,000 metered customers. We expect this 2% annual customer growth to continue into the foreseeable future providing $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue each year. Over the past several years, our weather normalized residential throughput increase has been consistent with our residential customer growth, meaning our usage per customer has been more or less flat. Compared to the same quarter last year operating income related to weather was down $11 million due to a return to more normal weather. This decline was partially offset by a $6 million increase in right-of-way revenues. The full-year 2014 forecast range for right-of-way revenues is $20 million to $30 million. O&M expense was higher compared to the third quarter of last year, primarily because of $47 million of transmission expenses which has offsetting revenue as well as a $6 million adjustment to our claims liability reserve. Excluding the effects of these items, O&M was up $10 million versus the third quarter of 2013. This increase was anticipated and driven by specific grid reliability and safety initiatives we have mentioned on previous calls. Before I discuss our capital investment, let me update you on the Houston Import Project. On October 17, the Texas Public Utility Commission filed an order that denied our appeal of ERCOT's staff decision to split responsibility for the Houston Import Project. We're now concentrating our efforts on planning and constructing our portion of this project. We estimate our capital investment will be $300 million which is not in our currently published five-year plan. However, this project will contribute to the $750 million to $800 million of capital upside identified at the Analyst Day. As weve shared in the past, we continue to invest capital to enhance reliability, modernize our system and support customer growth. Through the first nine months of this year, we invested $573 million which keeps us on track to invest approximately $780 million of capital by the end of the year. Our robust capital plan is expected to generate a rate based compound annual growth rate of 7% to 8% with upside potential in the 9% to10% range over the next five years. We're executing our plan and we're well-positioned to continue our strong performance. We will continue to operate effectively and efficiently as we focus on safety, reliability, growth and customer service. I'll now turn the call over to Joe, who will review Gas Operations.
Joe McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Gas Operations performance for the third quarter was in-line with our expectations. We reported a $2 million operating loss for the third quarter comprised of an $8 million loss from our natural gas utilities and a $6 million gain from our Energy Services Business. By comparison, Gas Operations reported $7 million in operating income in the third quarter of 2013, comprised of a $5 million from our natural gas utilities and $2 million from our Energy Services Business. As anticipated, results were down at our natural gas utilities for the quarter. However, we continue to expect a solid year as supported by our year-to-date performance. Customer growth at our natural gas utilities continues at a steady 1% growth rate adding 36,000 new customers since the third quarter of 2013, most of the growth came from our Houston and Minnesota service territories. We also benefited from modest rate relief during the quarter, but the increases were less than those realized in last year's third quarter. O&M at our natural gas utilities increased during the quarter, but we expected this. For example, timing issues such as pipeline integrity testing in Minnesota occurred disproportionately in the third quarter this year. As always, we continue to look for ways to improve efficiency and hold down O&M without sacrificing safety and reliability. The 3% growth rate I shared that the Analyst Day remains our objective. Through the first nine months we have invested approximately $380 million of capital and are on track to invest approximately $520 million by year-end. We continue to deploy automated meter reading technology across our footprint and expect to convert all $3.4 million of our meters by year-end 2015. This technology is an important investment for us as it reduces O&M and improves service to our customers. We also continue to invest capital in pipe replacement, such as our cast-iron and bare steel main replacement program and our Beltline Project in Minneapolis. As a reminder, our base capital plan is expected to generate a rate based compound annual growth rate of 8% to 9% over the next five years with upside potential in the 9% to 10% range. These investments are improving the safety and efficiency of our system as well as enhancing customer service. We remain encouraged by our regulators' constructive and collaborative approach to rate recovery for investments that are vital to the safety of our customers and the communities we serve. Turning to Energy Services, we recorded $6 million of operating income in the third quarter which included a $13 million mark-to-market gain. This compares to $2 million of operating income for the third quarter of 2013 which included a $6 million mark-to-market gain. Year-to-date operating income for Energy Services is $43 million compared to $12 million in 2013. 2014 performance to-date includes a $23 million mark-to-market gain as compared to $7 million in the same period of 2013. Normalizing for the mark, Energy Services is up approximately $15 million compared with the first nine months of 2013. This business benefited significantly from increased basis and storage spreads during the polar vortex earlier this year. Despite the increased volatility last winter, our VAR average for 2014 is below $400,000 demonstrating the success we've enjoyed in reducing risk in this business. We are executing our plan well in Gas Operations. Weve strong performance to build upon, going into the fourth quarter and will continue to focus on safety, reliability and customer service. I'll now turn the call over to Gary who will provide an update on our financial activities and earnings guidance.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, Joe and good morning to everyone. I have a few topics to discuss this morning and I would like to start by describing the financial results for Enable Midstream who yesterday reported solid earnings in their first full quarter as a public company following their IPO in May. Enable's solid financial performance, net of their acquisition of the majority of our interest in the (indiscernible) pipeline, helped to offset the earnings dilution associated with the IPO and a decrease of $2 million in our basis difference accretion. In addition to equity earnings from Enable, we received cash distributions of $70 million in the third quarter and expect to receive approximately $71 million in the fourth quarter. We are very pleased with the progress the Enable's leadership team continues to make in executing their growth oriented business plan. My next topic is liquidity; our objective is to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity on reasonable terms combined with maximum borrowing flexibility. On September 9th, we successfully extended our three credit facilities by one year with no change to the commitment fees or the borrowing costs under the facility. The revolving credit facilities now have a remaining term of five years, expiring in 2019. Now I would like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2014. This morning in our third quarter Earnings Release, we reaffirmed our 2014 consolidated earnings estimate of $1.14 to $1.21 per diluted share. We reaffirmed the component parts of that range with the Utility Operations range being $0.72 to $0.76 and the Midstream Investments range being $0.42 to $0.45 per diluted share. The Midstream Investment guidance range takes into account Enable's most recent public forecast and the accretion of our basis difference. In providing this guidance weve assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of 37%, a Midstream Investments effective tax rate of 38% and an average share count of 431 million shares. The Utility Operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. However, the company does not include in its earnings expectations, the impact of any changes in account accounting standards any impact to earnings from the Zen Securities and related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting. I would also like to reiterate our dividend policy of targeting an annual payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our Utility Operations and 90% to 100% of the net after-tax cash distributions we receive from Enable. As previously discussed, we feel that the expected growth rate in our utility earnings combined with the expected growth in the cash distributions from Enable clearly supports our stated compound annual dividend growth rate objective of 8% to 10% over the next three years. Finally, let me also remind you of the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on October 21. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate its strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence of management and the Board of Directors and our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Thank you for your continued interest in and investment in CenterPoint Energy. And I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. In asking your questions I would like to remind you that Enable related financial and operational performance questions should be directed to Enable Management. We will now open the call to questions. And in the interest of time I would ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Cia?
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: I apologize if this was mentioned earlier on, but Tracy, did you potentially mention what you guys expectation was for a PUC [ph] timing for decision of necessity on the Houston Import Project? Is that still sort of fourth quarter and if so can you be  do you have any sense of refined timeframe on that?
Tracy Bridge: The briefs were filed by the parties at the PUC last Friday. This is in regard to the NRG Calpine complained about the need for the Houston Import Project, but there will be reply [ph] briefs and we're expecting a decision by the PUC yet this quarter probably in the middle of December.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: And then just really sort of a two-part weather question if I could. One, just wanted when we strip out or when we net out the LDCs with CE, was there a discernible whether delta from normal? And then two, maybe this is a better question for Joe, just given some of the regulatory changes at the LDCs level can you refresh my memory of how you guys are approaching weather hedges for this winter?
Scott Prochazka: The first question you had about weather, assuming you were asking for the quarter? There is none for gas but CE's down about $11 million for the quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: I'm sorry. That's year-over-year or is that from normal?
Scott Prochazka: Thats the year-over-year basis.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Do you happen to have what a delta would be from normal?
Scott Prochazka: From normal weather? Let me see if we can get that for you.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: I can get that from Carla offline.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. If we find it, we'll get it to you offline. We'll find it and get it to you then. While they are looking at up I'll answer your hedge question. Yes, we're hedging weather again this winter. It began in October in Minnesota. But weve the decoupling pilot go into effect in Minnesota in July of 2015. That's a three-year pilot program, so if that works as designed we may or may not do any additional financial hedges in the future.
Carl Kirst  BMO Capital: Okay. I think I misunderstood, so the Minnesota pilot is starting middle of next year, and so basically the hedging if you will is essentially the same approach for instance that you took last winter?
Scott Prochazka: Correct.
Operator: The next question will come from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital.
Matt Tucker  KeyBanc Capital: My first question is on the CapEx opportunity, that the utilities above what's in your current plan. If you pull the Houston Import Project out of that bucket, could you just comment on where you stand with respect to those upside opportunities? And has there been any movement on specific projects and/or new projects pulled into that upside opportunity?
Scott Prochazka: So Matt, we're going through our planning process now and that will culminate at the end of the year when we get approval of our budget with our Board. The analysis that we're doing continues to suggest from a growth perspective and from a reliability perspective that the numbers that we've shared with you in June look to be pretty real. So we'll confirm that after  we will confirm it on our fourth quarter call but as we sit here today we're growing in our confidence that that upside potential is doable.
Matt Tucker  KeyBanc Capital: And then on the Energy Services, it's tracking well ahead of the rate you've been at the past few years. I know that first quarter was maybe unusually strong, but even the past two, could you just talk a little bit about the environment right now for that business? And are you seeing things get a little more normal than say they have been in the past few years?
Joe McGoldrick: We attribute most of that increase obviously to the polar vortex. We're starting to see customers drop [ph] prices more because of the recent volatility experienced and so we're creating some economic value there. But we really haven't fundamentally changed our view of that business being a $15 million to $25 million op income business per year, but to the extent that we get another polar vortex or whatever, well absolutely be opportunistic and take advantage of those conditions. And we've done a good job over the years of really managing costs in that business and derisking it and so we feel like we're in a really good position to continue to grow that at a nice rate.
Matt Tucker  KeyBanc Capital: And then apologies if I missed this, but it looks like your tax rate came in a few hundred basis points below your guidance. Could you for the quarter just comment on that?
Gary Whitlock: I think this is just normal quarterly movement. At this point I think Matt, still think about 37% for the full year. At the same time we continue to look at opportunities in terms of optimizing our tax rate but nothing material from that.
Operator: The next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: I wanted to pick up from your opening comments. You talked about the volatility to your stock price given the linkage now that you have with Enable and MLP stocks in general. That's clearly created more volatility to your stock price which is obviously not directly in your control. So as you look at it from that vantage point, how comfortable are you with this increased volatility given that your core business is still the Utility Operations and investors look at that as a more stable area of investment? So how comfortable are you with that volatility that is now associated with your stock movement?
Scott Prochazka: Well Ali, in general we prefer to trend towards less volatility rather than more as you well know. But we really think that some of this volatility was just over reaction here, just the market overreacting and I think that Enable is fairly new and people need to better understand their exposure to commodity changes. And I think it's going to as they learn more I think the relationship will stabilize and we won't see quite the level of volatility we saw this last cycle. We were surprised I think as many people were with the amount of volatility. It didn't seem to make sense to us. You just look at the ownership levels and the actual commodity exposure. So we are hopeful that education and greater understanding will help reduce that volatility.
Ali Agha  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And separately, Scott, can you give us a sense  what is your interest level right now in Oncor? Obviously bidding is ongoing there in the past CenterPoint has been very clear on its interest there. How are you looking at that opportunity?
Scott Prochazka: Well, I think you know our practice is not to comment on specific opportunities, but we have mentioned in the past that on Oncor, Oncor itself from a strategic standpoint makes a great amount of sense, just the industrial logic of it. So it's interesting to look at. We're certainly keeping track of how the whole process is unfolding and we're going to continue to evaluate and look at the process. But we're not going to do anything that wouldn't be in the interest of our existing shareholders.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our last question will come from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles Fishman  Morningstar: Scott, with your permission if I could ask a couple questions to Tracy on Houston Electric. Tracy, did you mention customer growth or expectations? Did I just miss that? In the past you've talked about 2%.
Tracy Bridge: We added 50,000 customers year-over-year by the end of the third quarter. We're continuing on a 2% annual growth rate and we see our average residential use per customer as more or less flat so our total usage tracks our customer growth which is continuing to be about 2%.
Charles Fishman  Morningstar: Okay. And sort of a related question, I mean your neighbor to the East in Louisiana is experiencing tremendous industrial growth with low energy prices, yet I think of Houston and I still consider it the oil capital of the world. And obviously with the downward pressure on oil prices, I suspect or at least in the past, that has had a negative impact on the Houston economy and obviously your customer growth. Has that changed though since the last cycle? Is Houston more balanced with respect to industries that use energy and the low cost energy is actually a benefit?
Scott Prochazka: We've actually seen a little bit more than 2% growth, more in the 3% range for our commercial and industrial customers along the ship channel and along the coast. There is still considerable interest in liquids and processing and part of our right-of-way margin impact is to allow people to build and get to the coast. So we're still seeing a pretty robust economy in Houston.
Joe McGoldrick: Charles, I'll add to that. I think just the general makeup of Houston now is a much more diverse city than it was a couple decades ago. Clearly, the energy sector is a sizable portion of the economy and the growth here. But there is also a lot of downstream opportunity and there is diversity into the medical area and in other commercial areas. So while it might have some impact, I don't think it's going to be  there is going to be a devastating impact. In fact I'm not an economist here but some might argue that the reduction in oil price may actually be good for some of the downstream processing. So there could be a balancing effect to that as well.
Gary Whitlock: I'll add onto that, those same dynamics that exist in Louisiana in terms of the petrochemical build-out, those same dynamics exist here in Texas on the Texas Coast as well as in our ship channel. So those same dynamics exist and certainly we will continue to benefit from that in all those respects.
Charles Fishman  Morningstar: Well that was my thing; I was thinking Houston was a lot more diverse right now. So thanks for the color though.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you Cia. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our third quarter 2014 earnings call and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-06 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp - Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer Scott M. Prochazka - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Tracy B. Bridge - Executive Vice President and President of Electric Division Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President of Gas Division Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Canada Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Miss Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our second quarter 2014 results and provide highlights on the other key areas. Although -- excuse me, also present are other members of management, who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Investors and others should note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts on the Investor Relations section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to distribute material information about the company and to communicate important information about the company, key personnel corporate initiatives, regulatory updates and other matters. Information that we post on our website could be deemed material, therefore, we encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our website. I would also like to remind you that our earnings press release and Form 10-Q, as well as updated debt maturity and equity return amortization schedules, have been posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. These materials are for informational purposes, and will not be referred to during prepared remarks. Also, any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filing with the SEC. With the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results have changed. As a result, we will refer to our equity investment in Enable as Midstream Investment, and to the remainder of our businesses as Utility Operations. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Wednesday, August 13. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 65068077. You can also listen to an online replay on our website, and we will archive the call for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I would first like to thank those of you who joined us either in person or on the webcast for our June 30th Analyst and Investor Day. At that event, we shared our optimism for the future based on growth in the organic investment opportunities in our utility service territories. We believe we are well-positioned to provide our customers and the communities we serve highly reliable and safe utility service. Further, we believe our investment in Enable Midstream Partners creates additional shareholder value as they realize growth opportunities. For those not able to participate, let me reiterate a few key messages from the meeting. We introduced a $1.2 billion potential upside to our current 5-year estimated capital plan of $6.2 billion. We shared that while our current plan is expected to generate annualized rate-based growth of 7% to 8% from 2014 to 2018, our potential upside capital investment could increase that annual growth rate to 9% to 10%. Our current plan supports utility earnings compound annual growth of 4% to 6%, and a potential upside capital investment would allow us to more confidently target the upper end of that range. We are currently reviewing our 5-year strategic plan and we'll formally update or revise capital investment schedule beginning or during our fourth quarter earnings call. Also, at our Analyst Day meeting, Lynn Bourdon and Rod Sailor of Enable Midstream Partners discussed their company's value proposition and reviewed the key drivers that will support sustainable growth in their distributable cash. Each of these elements contributes to our expectation of providing CenterPoint Energy shareholders a stable dividend with growth of 8% to 10% annually over the next 3 years. Our investment thesis is to provide reliable earnings growth with an industry-leading dividend growth rate. Turning to our second quarter 2014 performance. Net income was $107 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $100 million or a loss of $0.23 per diluted share for the same period in 2013. Excluding the 2 unusual items associated with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, second quarter 2014 net income would have been $131 million or $0.30 per diluted share. For the second quarter of 2014, Utility Operations contributed $0.14 per diluted share, and our Midstream Investments contributed $0.11. On a guidance basis, second quarter 2014 earnings were $0.21 per diluted share as compared to $0.29 in the same period last year, which included a $0.07 per diluted share onetime tax benefit associated with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners. Of the $0.21 per diluted share, Utility Operations contributed $0.10 and Midstream Investments contributed $0.11. Our second quarter performance once again illustrated the benefits of our diversified energy delivery portfolio. The effect of mild weather at Houston Electric was almost entirely offset by strong performance from gas operations. Core operating income from utility operations was $156 million this quarter, compared to $159 million last year, excluding a $10 million of partnership formation expense in the second quarter of last year. In addition, we recognized $71 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable Midstream. As many of you know, Enable released their second quarter results and held their earnings conference call yesterday, so I will direct you to Enable's published documents for a detailed review of their results. I would also like to remind you that Enable finalized its IPO and purchased essentially all of our remaining interest in the Southeast Supply Header during the quarter. As a result, our LP ownership interest in Enable is now 55.4%. Through June, we invested nearly $630 million to serve our customers better and to accommodate the continued growth demands on our system. We remain on track to invest $1.4 billion of capital by year end. I am pleased with our company's performance so far this year. We remain focused on operating safely, serving our growing customer base effectively and running the businesses efficiently. I will now turn the call over to Tracy, to review electric operations.
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid second quarter, both operationally and financially, despite milder weather. Quarter operating income was $115 million, compared to $131 million in 2013. Higher earnings from customer growth were more than offset by the impact of milder weather, as well as higher O&M and depreciation expense. Houston Electric's earnings continue to benefit from our growing customer base. Since this time last year, we added more than 48,000 metered customers which contributed approximately $7 million of operating income this quarter. We continue to expect 2% annual customer growth into the foreseeable future. Electricity consumption in Houston continues to grow, and for the 12 months ended June 30, weather-normalized residential throughput was up slightly over 2% when compared to the previous 12 months. Over the past several years, our residential throughput increase had been consistent with our residential customer growth. On a per customer basis, our usage has been more or less flat. As I mentioned, Houston Electric experienced mild weather this quarter. Compared to the same quarter last year, operating income was down $10 million due to weather-related usage. For the first half of this year, operating income is lower by $3 million when compared to normal weather. Our O&M expense was higher compared to the second quarter of last year, primarily because of 2 items. First, transmission investment cost in Texas is recovered from all electric distribution service providers. In the quarter, Houston Electric incurred approximately $46 million more of allocated transmission cost, which we refer to as TCOS expense, than in the same period last year. These costs are largely offset by the corresponding increase in transmission revenues. Second, as we stated during the year end 2013 earnings call, we expected our operational expenses to be higher this year as we accelerate specific grid reliability and safety initiatives. As a result, non-key cost O&M was up $8 million or about 6% compared to the same period last year. Before I discuss our capital investment. let me update you on our expectations for right-of-way revenue. Through the second quarter of 2014, we have recognized about $12 million of right-of-way revenue, of which $2 million was received this quarter. We currently estimate right-of-way revenue will be from $15 million to $20 million this year. As we detailed during the recent Analyst Day meeting, Houston Electric has a significant capital plan in place to support customer growth, modernize our system and enhance reliability. Through the first half of the year, we invested $370 million, which keeps us on track to invest at least $780 million of capital by year end. Our 5-year capital plan is approximately $3.7 billion, and we also have an additional $750 million to $800 million of potential upside capital investment during that timeframe. Regarding the Houston Import Project, our appeal of ERCOT's SESH decision to split responsibility for the project is now before the Texas Public Utility Commission. We believe that as owners of the end points of the project, we are entitled by ERCOT protocols to own the entire project. The commission has scheduled a hearing on August 21, and we are hopeful for a third quarter decision. We expect Houston Electric to grow a normalized operating income at a compound annual rate of 5% to 6% over the next 5 years, with a possibility of 6% to 7% compound annual growth when taking into account our potential upside capital investment. As we stated during our analyst a presentation, these growth projections are somewhat back-end loaded in our 5-year plan. We are well-positioned to continue our strong performance. We are focused on effectively serving our growing customer base, modernizing our system, and operating reliably and safely. I'll now turn the call over to Joe, who will review the gas operations businesses.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. As a reminder, our gas operations business includes both our natural gas utilities and our Energy Services business. Second quarter 2014 operating income for gas operations was $41 million, $13 million more than last year. Of this, $30 million was from our natural gas utilities, and $11 million was from Energy Services. Last year, operating income in the second quarter was $28 million, with $25 million from the natural gas utilities and $3 million from Energy Services. Our natural gas utilities had a good quarter, benefiting from an improved rate and continued customer growth. Rate increases improved our operating income approximately $10 million, compared to the second quarter of 2013, driven by a PUC decision on our Minnesota rate case and several Texas GRID filings. Weather and usage, net of our weather hedge and the weather normalization adjustments riders, contributed approximately $3 million. Weather in the quarter was colder than normal, but not as cold as the second quarter of 2013. However, we exceeded our winter hedge cap from the first quarter this year, so we were able to fully benefit from the colder-than-normal weather in the second quarter. We remain very pleased with customer growth we continue to see across our footprint, adding approximately 31,000 customers since the second quarter of 2013. This 1% customer growth is heavily influenced by our Metropolitan areas of Minneapolis and Houston. After excluding pass-through expenses, which have offsetting revenues, operational O&M is up about $6 million in the second quarter compared to last year. The majority of our increase is due to additional contract labor utilized in our leak detection and pipeline inspection efforts. In my Analyst Day presentation, I shared that we're working hard to ensure our operational O&M does not exceed a 3% compound annual growth rate over the 5-year planning period. Despite increasing pipeline integrity requirements, we remain committed to that objective. Our capital program will continue to focus on customer growth, technology, consistency and system safety, and reliability investments. Through June, we have invested $230 million of capital, and expect to invest at least $520 million by year end. Going forward, as we shared during the Analyst Day, our current $2.2 billion 5-year capital plan has an additional $300 million to $400 million of potential upside. As Scott mentioned, we'll update these numbers during our fourth quarter earnings call. In the quarter, we closed on the purchase of the building in Minneapolis, which will serve as our permanent Minnesota headquarters. Also, we continued to deploy automated meter-reading technology across our footprint, and now have almost 2.7 million installations, systemwide. We remain on track to convert all 3.4 million of our meters by year end 2015, positioning us as an industry leader in automated meter technology. Based on our current capital plan, we expect our natural gas utilities to growth operating income at a compound annual rate 4% to 5% over the next 5 years, the possibility of 5% to 6% when taking into account our potential capital upside. Finally, Energy Services had another strong quarter, with $8 million more in operating income last year. Favorable transportation optimization provided a margin uplift, and expense control continues to prove beneficial for the business. Our Energy Services group will continue to provide valuable, nonutility services, and position CenterPoint Energy gas operations as a premier provider of one-stop natural gas solutions for our customers. We are well-positioned to further our proven track record of performance. I also believe we have the proper operating model to continue building an industry-leading Gas Distribution Energy Services business. We are focused on the early adoption of technology to improve the customer experience, and our infrastructure investments support the growth and event on our systems and we remain committed to operating an efficient, safe, and reliable system. I'll now turn the call over to Gary, who will provide an update on financial activities and earnings guidance.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I have a few topics to discuss with you this morning, but before doing so, I, too, would like to thank those of you who participated in our Analyst and Investor Day. We believe we have a compelling investment pieces in of delivering solid business and growth, combined with an industry-leading dividend growth rate. Not only will we work diligently to effectively execute our business plan, we will also continue to focus on providing our shareholders and analysts with clear and timely metrics from which to evaluate our progress. Now let me discuss my first topic, liquidity. In line with our objective to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity on reasonable terms, combined with maximum borrowings flexibility, we are in the process of extending our current facility by 1 year with no change to the commitment fees, or to the borrowing cost under the facility. If the extensions are successful, the revolving credit facilities will each have a remaining term of 5 years, expiring in 2019. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2014. This morning, in our second quarter earnings release, we increased our 2014 consolidated earnings estimate to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.21 per diluted share. Our consolidated guidance is bifurcated into 2 ranges: Utility Operations and Midstream Investment. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of 37% and an average share count of 431 million shares. Despite the impact of weather on this quarter, we reaffirmed our utility operations earnings guidance range of $0.72 to $0.76 per diluted share. The utility operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and financing activities. However, the company does not include in its earnings expectations the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of the stocks and the related securities or the timing of the value of the Time Warner stocks and the related [indiscernible] securities or the timing effect of mark-to-market accounting. Additionally, we increased our midstream investment's guidance range to $0.42 to $0.45. This Midstream Investment's guidance range takes into account Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the accretion of our basis difference in Enable and other factors. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. As recently announced, our objective is to grow our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 8% to 10% over the next 3 years, which differentiates us within our industry. Our dividend policy of targeting an annual payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our Utility Operations, and 90% to 100% of the net after-tax cash distributions we received from Enable, clearly supports our commitment to achieving the stated dividend growth rate objective. Finally, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on July 24th. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a our strong commitment to our shareholders, and the confidence that management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now let me thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint energy, and I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. In asking your questions, I'd like to remind you that Enable-related financial and Operational performance questions should be directed to Enable Management. We will now open the call to questions, and in the interest of time, I ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Regina?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Canada: This is actually Danilo filling in for Carl. A couple of quick follow-up questions. With respect to CE, what was the weather impact, again, for the quarter?
Scott M. Prochazka: Tracy, you want to take that one?
Tracy B. Bridge: I will take that one. I'm looking for the number right here. Yes, it's about $10 million for the quarter.
Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Canada: And can you repeat again what the O&M impact was, as well?
Tracy B. Bridge: About $8 million.
Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Got you. Okay. I guess most of my other questions have been hit. One quick follow-up, though, for Gary. Now that you sort of are increasing guidance because of Enable, is it fair to say that the dividend growth will sort of change towards that high end of that 8% to 10% range?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, I wouldn't say that. I think, at this point, what you're seeing, I think, we are implementing what we've said we -- we really want to look at Enable. As you know, they announced earnings yesterday, they laid out their EBITDA range. And -- which, I think reflects, by the way, what we laid out at the Analyst Day, 8% to 10%. And I think, at this point, we know that's the range. Certainly, our objective -- their objective is to be as profitable as possible, increase their distributions as much as possible. But at this point, I'd say stay with 8% to 10%. And as I said before, our objective is to be at the high end of that, of course, and then we'll look at it each year. I think that's an important thing. Each year, we'll look at what that looks like, and as I said at the Analyst Day, we want to update our -- update you guys on where we see that compounded growth rate. But no change in the range at this point.
Scott M. Prochazka: We will -- I'll just add onto that. We will continue to evaluate the implications of their forecast as it change, as it may impact our growth rate. But at this point, as Gary said, the growth rate is still 8% to 10%.
Danilo Juvane - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Got you. And I guess, a final one before I leave. Any sort of updates on your interest in the Oncor assets? There've been a lot of parties, obviously, interested in it. Do you guys sort of still are looking at that? Or how should we think about that?
Scott M. Prochazka: I think we've mentioned several times. First of all, our top priority is organic investment, right? We're going to focus on that and making sure that Enable is properly governed and they're doing what they need to. But as we've said before, we have an interest in M&A if it meets our strategic criteria. You've asked specifically about Oncor. I think, in the past, we've commented that from a strategic standpoint, there's good industrial logic for it. But as this process unfolds, as we look at this, we're only going to do something if it makes sense, it meets our strategic criteria and it creates value for our current shareholders.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Scott, you guys have raised your '14 guidance based on Enable's numbers being put out there. As you know, they put out both '14 and '15 numbers. Are their '15 numbers higher than what you had assumed in your outlook as well?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well we, as you know -- this is Gary. Good morning, Ali. We've not provided '15 guidance. I think, directionally, we're frankly very pleased with what they laid out. I think you can see they're investing a significant amount of capital, and I think that they're very clear to the market in letting you guys know the amount of capital that they're going to execute on. But in terms of 2015, we're not providing guidance at this point. But certainly, our expectations is that they would increase their EBITDA growth and distributable cash flow in 2015, and we expect them to continue beyond that. So I'm going to call it in line with our expectations, but in terms of specific guidance, we'll give that first quarter of next year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my second question, I guess, Gary, for you, as well. Kind of 2 parts. One is that's just a logistic point, the 37% tax rate, is that fair for modeling purposes to assume that to be consistent in future years as well?
Gary L. Whitlock: I think it is. It's subject to, I would say, some type of change in the tax rates. But, yes, I think you could use it for now. I mean, I think that's a fair rate to use, yes.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just the real question I wanted to ask you is if that growth CapEx does come to fruition in your regular businesses, can you remind us, would that cause you to think about raising equity to meet your CapEx plans if you do spend that extra amount as well?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, in terms of the -- let me maybe back up and review our financing plan, is to thoughtfully use our debt capacity, and that's what we're doing. We ended the year with debt to total cap of about 53.5%. If you look at the end of the quarter, it's about 55.7%. So we have quite a bit of runway in front of us to thoughtfully use our debt capacity, to the extent that Joe and Tracy are able to execute on accretive growth capital above and beyond that. Frankly, we'd be delighted to get feather in some equity to support that. But we'll, first of all, thoughtfully use our debt capacity that we work diligently to have the flexibility to use over these past few years. Hope that's helpful.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question on the stronger guidance for Enable. Can you just talk a little bit more specifically about what's driving your -- the stronger view versus what you were assuming previously? And has it been more the performance to date or the second half outlook?
Gary L. Whitlock: I'll take this. Matt, I think it's really -- again, obviously, you can look at their release in terms of the details, but I think this is what we've expected, and it's really around, as they have -- are able to drive more transparency around their outlook. Certainly, commodity prices were moving in their favor to some extent. I think that's weakened some. And as I said, we really need to follow what they laid out, but as you can see, they laid out yesterday I think a really strong CapEx plan and growth in their EBITDA. So we'll follow them. And I think it's pretty well in line with what we expected. And again, as they became public, we understood where they were going to be on SESH, in our ownership and those things, to be able to just fine-tune, if you will, their guidance at this point.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then I, I guess, had a similar question on the reaffirmed Utility Operations guidance. Are there any moving pieces in terms of the stronger, weaker assumptions there for the 3 segments included in that?
Scott M. Prochazka: I'd say -- on the Utility side, we see -- certainly, we see some growth. There's some strength in the growth space, very strong. We had the weather downturn, as you noted, in the actuals for the quarter, which has kind of negatively impacted that. But overall, we're still very confident with what we see in our ability to deliver on that range, given our ability to constructively manage O&M and take advantage of the growth that we see happening in the area.
Carla Kneipp: Regina, we don't have anybody else in the queue, correct?
Operator: None at this time.
Carla Kneipp: Okay. With that, we will now end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp Scott M. Prochazka - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Tracy B. Bridge - Executive Vice President and President of Electric Division Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President of Gas Division Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Regina. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our first quarter of 2014 results and provide highlights on other key activities. Also present are other members of management, who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and the Form 10-Q are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. These materials are for informational purposes, and we will not be referring to them during prepared remarks. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. With the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results have changed. In discussing our financial results, we will refer to our equity investment in Enable and SESH as midstream investments and the remainder of our businesses as utility operations. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Thursday, May 8. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 20029308 [ph]. You can also listen to an online replay of our -- replay on our website, and we will archive the call for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported first quarter 2014 earnings of $185 million or $0.43 per diluted share as compared to $147 million or $0.34 per diluted share in 2013. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, first quarter 2014 adjusted earnings would have been $0.40 per diluted share compared to $0.31 for 2013. Utility operations contributed $0.27 of the $0.40 per diluted share, and midstream investments contributed $0.13. This was an excellent quarter for our diversified energy delivery portfolio. Core operating income for our utility operations was up quarter-over-quarter by $73 million or 38%, driven by cold weather, customer growth and rate increases, as well as weather-related basis volatility benefiting Energy Services. Our delivery systems operated well under extended, extreme weather conditions. Our natural gas utilities received top quartile ratings in the most recent J.D. Power customer survey. We also have expanded Houston Electric's power alert service, which provides proactive communication to residential electric consumers when their service is affected. We invested $286 million during the quarter for growth, reliability, system modernization, customer service and ongoing maintenance. We are on track to invest almost $1.4 billion of capital by year end. The effective execution of our strategy over the next 5 years will support our goal of growing utility operations earnings 4% to 6% annually. Our midstream investments segment reported equity income of $91 million in the first quarter: $88 million from our pre-IPO 58% interest in Enable Midstream Partners and $3 million from our 25% interest in SESH. This month marked a significant milestone for Enable, as it began trading as a public company on April 11. I would like to compliment the Enable management team for their hard work and dedication, which resulted in a successful IPO. We are excited about the future prospects for Enable, which is an important long-term component of our diversified energy delivery portfolio. As board numbers, Gary Whitlock and I will work with our fellow board members to provide strategic direction and oversight as Enable executes its strategy and business plan. Yesterday, Enable issued a first quarter press release and held an earnings call to review the drivers for its first quarter performance. I'll refer you to those materials for a more detailed explanation of Enable's results. This summer, we will be holding an Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange. We look forward to introducing our extended management team and discussing CenterPoint's investment and valuation theses, including our expectations for our 5-year forecasted dividend growth rate. For those not attending in person, the event will be webcast and archived. We're off to a good start in 2014 and continue to implement our strategy, which emphasizes operational excellence and utility growth. I will now turn the call over to Tracy.
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric's first quarter 2014 core operating income was $75 million compared to $49 million for the same period last year, an increase of $26 million. The business benefited from increased usage due to cold weather, right-of-way revenues and customer growth. Increases in operations and maintenance expense, as well as property taxes, partially offset the gains in revenue. Similar to other parts of the country, the weather in our service territory was colder than normal, and residential usage was up about 16% compared to last year. Net of the weather hedge we put in place for this past winter season, first quarter weather-related usage increased operating income by $14 million compared to last year. When compared to normal weather, operating income increased by $7 million. Third-party interest in our transmission rights-of-way continues to be strong. We recorded $10 million of associated revenues through the first quarter. Although right-of-way revenue is difficult to estimate, we continue to expect revenues of $10 million to $20 million this year. The business benefited from strong customer growth, adding more than 45,000 customers since the first quarter of 2013. We continue to expect a 2% customer growth rate in the foreseeable future due to the strength of the greater Houston economy. Turning to our capital investments, Houston Electric invested $187 million in the first quarter. We are on target to invest in excess of $780 million by year end to support service area growth, grid hardening, system reliability and ongoing maintenance. Approximately 95% of Houston Electric's capital expenditure is recoverable through investment recovery mechanisms, although the use of our distribution capital recovery mechanism may be limited by actual ROE performance. We recently made a Transmission Cost of Service, or TCOS, filing with the Public Utility Commission of Texas to recover the cost of transmission investments made from October 2011 through December 2013. The filing reflects the addition of over $180 million of transmission rate base and, once approved, will generate annualized operating income of approximately $14 million. We expect to begin recovering approved TCOS amounts by the end of May. Now let me update you on the status of the Houston Import Project we first mentioned during our third quarter 2013 call. On April 8, the Electric Reliability Council of Texas, or ERCOT, voted to endorse the Houston Import Project and deemed it critical for reliability. ERCOT has estimated the cost for the entire transmission project to be approximately $600 million and anticipates the project will be completed no later than June 2018. On April 30, Houston Electric was notified of ERCOT staff's decision to split responsibility for the new 345 KV transmission line originating at the Limestone substation, intersecting the Gibbons Creek substation and terminating at the Zenith substation. As owner/operator of both the origination and termination substations, Houston Electric has requested the right to construct, own and maintain the entire project, except for necessary upgrades to the Gibbons Creek substation, which is owned by Texas Municipal Power Agency. We have appealed the ERCOT decision to the Public Utility Commission of Texas and are seeking the right to construct, own and maintain the entire project, except for necessary upgrades to the Gibbons Creek substation. CenterPoint Energy has requested an expedited decision schedule from the PUCT with a desire for a decision later this summer. Overall, I'm very pleased with Houston Electric's first quarter performance. Joe McGoldrick will now update you on the results of our natural gas operations.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Let me remind you that our natural gas operations business includes both our natural gas utilities and our Energy Services business. Our natural gas operations performed very well this quarter. Natural gas utilities' first quarter 2014 operating income was $162 million compared to $139 million in the prior year. During the quarter, we benefited from increased usage due to cold weather, rate increases and continued customer growth. Winter financial hedges were established in Minnesota and Texas to stabilize revenues against weather volatility, as we do not have weather normalization tariffs in those 2 states. However, the hedges had a bilateral cap of $16 million, and the extremely cold temperatures, particularly in Minnesota, caused us to reach the cap on January 31. As a result, we realized a net weather-related margin increase of $16 million compared to the first quarter of last year. When compared to normal weather, the increase was $13 million. The extreme and sustained cold weather also tested the capacity of our system. In fact, our Minnesota service territory experienced 35 days with sales above 1 Bcf in the first quarter compared to about 10 days in a typical year. We are pleased that the system infrastructure investments we have made helped ensure our customers were served safely and reliably throughout this high-demand period. Margin also benefited from rate increases of an additional $14 million this quarter compared to last year. Interim rates in Minnesota, GRIP increases in Texas and our Arkansas Main Replacement Program Rider were the primary contributors. Consistent economic growth in our service territories continues, and we added approximately 33,000 customers year-over-year. Increases in margin were partially offset by increased bad debt expense due to higher gas costs reflected on customer bill, increased depreciation expense associated with higher capital expenditures and higher property tax. Through the first quarter, we have invested approximately $83 million in our natural gas utility and are on track to invest in excess of $520 million by year end. These investments include system infrastructure enhancements, customer service technologies, our advanced metering program and a new central office for our Minnesota operation. Generally, we recover about 50% of our annual capital investments through annual adjustment mechanisms. While the recovery time varies by jurisdiction, these mechanisms significantly reduce regulatory lag when compared to traditional rate cases. We anticipate filing rate cases to recover the capital investments we're making where annual mechanisms are not in place, primarily Minnesota. In the pending Minnesota rate case, our overall request was for an increase of $29 million when you exclude the effects of moving certain energy efficiency revenues from a separate rider in today's rates. In April, the administrative law judge recommended a 9.6% ROE and a 52% equity capital structure, which would produce a $16 million net increase in our base revenues. Oral arguments in Minnesota PUC deliberations will occur the week of May 5. We expect the final order in June. Our Energy Services business also had a strong quarter, with operating income of $26 million compared to $7 million last year. These results include a $4 million mark-to-market gain compared to a $5 million loss the previous year. After adjusting for the mark-to-market changes, business results improved by approximately $10 million over the first quarter of 2013. This much improved result was due to 2 factors: First, our TETCO pipeline capacity that accesses Pennsylvania Marcellus production proved to be a valuable asset this winter. Basis volatility created asset optimization revenues not experienced in many years. And second, the transport capacity assigned to us in our Chicago and St. Louis retail markets created similar revenue opportunities due to strong basis differentials. These 2 factors, along with weather-driven throughput increases, contributed nearly all of the $10 million increase in business results. Natural gas operations' strong performance in the first quarter continues to highlight the successful business plan we have been implementing for several years. I'll now turn the call over to Gary, who will provide an update on financial activities and earnings guidance.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. Before discussing various CenterPoint financial items, I would like to comment on the process and results for the recently completed Enable Midstream IPO. In April, Enable successfully priced a 28.75 million unit, $575 million IPO at $20 per unit, which was at the midpoint of the filing range and has subsequently traded higher. We are pleased to have the market recognize the value of Enable as a large-scale midstream MLP providing integrated long-haul transmission, gathering, processing and storage services. We believe its strong organic growth trajectory, combined with the financial flexibility of a strong investment-grade balance sheet, has positioned Enable to create long-term shareholder value. With Enable's IPO complete, CenterPoint Energy's LP unit ownership is now 54.7%. However, during the second quarter, we anticipating electing to drop essentially all of our remaining ownership interest in SESH into Enable. This SESH transfer will increase our LP ownership in Enable by 6.3 million LP units, resulting in a 55.4% LP unit ownership position. Now turning to CenterPoint Energy's financing activities. In March, Houston Electric issued $600 million of 30-year general mortgage bonds with a coupon of 4.5%. A portion of the proceeds are being used to purchase or redeem approximately $184 million of dilution and control bond, while the remaining proceeds will be used to fund Houston Electric's significant capital investment program. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2014. This morning, in our first quarter earnings release, we revised upward our consolidated estimate for 2014 to be in the range of $1.10 to $1.19 per diluted share. We increased our estimate of earnings from our utility operations to be in the range of $0.72 to $0.76 per diluted share. This increase recognizes the strong financial performance to date of both our electric and natural gas utilities and of our Energy Services business. The utility operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and financing activities. However, the company does not include the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of the Time Warner stock and the related Zenith securities or the timing effect of mark-to-market accounting in the company's earnings expectations. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of 36% and an average share count of 431 million shares. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our utility operations' earnings expectations. As you know, Enable is in a quiet period and has not updated its 2014 earnings forecast. Accordingly, we are making no change to our midstream investment guidance range other than to reflect the $0.02 per share dilution resulting from the Enable IPO. In providing our earnings guidance in the future, we will take into account the most recent public forecast provided by Enable. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 24. Our policy is to target an annual payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our utility operations and 90% to 100% of the net aftertax cash distributions we receive from Enable. Now that Enable has completed its IPO and will be providing its forecast of earnings and cash distribution, our objective is to provide to investors a forecast of our expected dividend growth rate. We plan to do so at our upcoming June 30 Analyst Day to be held in New York. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. In asking your questions, I'd like to remind you that since Enable Midstream is now a public company, we request that you direct Enable-related financial and operational performance questions to Enable management. As such, we will not be answering questions related to Enable on this call. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Regina?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Start with the bankruptcy or Chapter 11 filing of Energy Future Holdings. I wanted to get a sense of if that has created the opportunity for you vis--vis Oncor, which I know you all have talked about in the past or perhaps not? And related to that, overall, your views on M&A opportunities for regulated utilities that you all have talked about in the past. That's my first question.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, I'll start with that. I may ask Gary to comment on this as well. But in the context of the filing that we just made, I think what this does is just put in motion a process that we knew was coming. I think we're going to have to take a look at this, as everyone else is, and understand what it means. From a strategic standpoint, we've mentioned in the past that Oncor is an interesting asset. And since we know the regulations in the state, we know the operations of the state, it makes sense for us to contemplate it. But we're going to have to wait and see how this one plays out. And I think that this answer I just gave kind of leads into your second question, which is around what are our feelings about M&A in general. And that is we're going to evaluate opportunities that would be value creating for our shareholders in terms of accretive value, growth accretion. We have criteria around what we're interested in, in terms of geographic proximity to where our assets are today, as well as areas that offer good growth potential and have constructive regulatory environments. So I think we're going to have to wait and see. I think this one has a long time to play out before we get, really, any clarity on what opportunity, if any, this would present. Gary, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Gary L. Whitlock: No, I think that's exactly right. And, Ali, as you know, now with Enable being formed, they are going to execute their business plan. They have access to capital to do so, both net and equity capital. Our focus, as Scott described, will be on regulated opportunities that present themselves, both in the electric business and in the gas LDC business as well.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And, Scott, for my second question, from your perspective, obviously, you've got a particular ownership now in Enable. Going forward, at some point down the road, they're going to be raising capital, et cetera, to, as you mentioned, execute their plan. What is CenterPoint's ownership philosophy? Are you looking to continue to maintain your current ownership, which means you may have to put in more capital down the road? Would you look at yourself being diluted eventually? Or would you even consider exiting your ownership down the road? Philosophically, what is your plan with regards to that ownership?
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, Ali, as I think we mentioned in the past, I mean, we like the business. I mean, we owned assets that were a big part of what Enable is today, and we think they're good assets to own. So our general philosophy is that we want to maintain the ownership position that we have today. And as they continue to raise capital and -- for their growth project, we will be diluted as a result of that. But we'll own a larger portion of a bigger pie, so to speak. But we like the assets, and we intend to maintain the ownership we have today.
Gary L. Whitlock: And, Ali, this is Gary. I'd also like to remind you that there is a GP as well. And we own 40% of the IDRs in the GP. Our partner, OGE, owns 60%. And our expectation, as Scott described, is that Enable will execute their business plan. They will grow their company. We may have a smaller piece of a bigger pie, but at the same time, we'll have a value that will ultimately accrete to the GP ownership. So we think that's option value for our shareholders. And, as Scott said, we like the assets. Frankly, we have a lot of connection to those assets. We put a great management team in place. We have a terrific partner in OGE. And we look forward to Enable executing their business plan, and we create more value for our shareholders in doing so.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. But you're not planning to put more cash in the LP, just be clear on that?
Gary L. Whitlock: We'll never say never to anything, but that's not our current intent. As you know, we set this up, the MLP, that they would have independent access to capital to execute their business plan.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman with MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I believe this would qualify as a CenterPoint question, rather than Enable, but certainly, you can decline. The drop-down of SESH, does that have any earnings impact at the CenterPoint level?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, this should be a net neutral when it's complete. And for various reasons, Charles, at the time of the formation, we were unable to put that portion into the company. And there was a prearranged, then, formula for doing so. But neither company was obligated to -- Enable to accept it or us to drop it down. But we have now made the decision, a year later, to drop it down. But this should be a net neutral impact.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second question was on the ERCOT decision on the transmission. Did that surprise you that ERCOT ruled the way they did? Or is there any precedent for what they did?
Scott M. Prochazka: Tracy, I'll let you to take this one.
Tracy B. Bridge: We knew that the likely outcome was going to be between 50% and 100% ownership. The ERCOT staff chose the former, and we're seeking the latter. And as of this morning, we've appealed ERCOT's staff's decision to the Public Utilities Commission of Texas, which will ultimately decide the case. We think we have a very strong argument because the ERCOT protocol is to award a line such as this to a designated party who owns both ends of the line, and we believe we own both ends of the line. And so we're anxious for the PUC to weigh in on that.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Charles, I'll just add, I think one of the, perhaps, complicating elements on this one is other projects have been very clean with just 2 points involved, and this one has -- there's 3 points. And we own the 2 endpoints. There happens to be 1 in the middle, and I think that's what's clouding some of the issue at the moment.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question, on the guidance change. I understand, on the Enable side, you've just adjusted for the IPO dilution. On the utility side, have you changed your assumptions for quarters 2 through 4? Or should we view the change as just being driven by the first quarter coming in above your expectations?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: I think the answer is more of the latter. In other words, we had a strong quarter here, driven very heavily by weather. But when we were first looking at guidance, we already knew some of the things that were going to be -- that were unfolding at the time we gave guidance initially. So what this really reflects is the change that we've seen to date in the first quarter as opposed to something fundamentally changing through the balance of the year.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just at the Energy Services business, obviously, a very strong quarter. Have you seen those stronger opportunities from the first quarter trickle into the second quarter at all? And can you just talk about your outlook there for the rest of the year?
Scott M. Prochazka: Joe, I'll let you take this one.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Sure. Yes, we continue to see some opportunities, although not at the level, obviously, that we saw in the first quarter because the volumes and the volatility are much greater in the first quarter. But going forward, it probably won't have a material impact unless we have another blowout in basis next winter like we had this time. And so nothing really has changed strategically with that business. We were just opportunistic in taking advantage of these conditions over this past winter.
Operator: Our next question is from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I think the only 2 cleanups I have maybe just might be on the Houston Import Project. And, I guess, my question is, inasmuch as you've asked for an expedited time frame, which, I guess, is 30, 60 days versus sort of the normal, maybe, 6 months to a year, is it that you basically go to 30, 60 days, and then you may get the decision? Or do they -- will they essentially give you a heads up that you've been put on the accelerated track? Or how will, I guess, we know that?
Scott M. Prochazka: Tracy, you want to take this?
Tracy B. Bridge: We're seeking a decision from the PUC by this summer. We're going to be filing an expedited schedule that we're going to ask the PUC to adopt. Of course, it's their sole decision whether they adopt it or not. But we have a number of months for this to play out, and this is a very important policy discussion and decision for us. So that's where we are at the moment.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then, if I recall correctly, maybe in the 10-K or earlier in the year, the Houston Import Project wasn't officially in the 5-year budget. Now that we sort of know that there is a kind of a minimum 50% ownership, is that something that now has kind of been put into that budget? I can't imagine it changes much in the way of financing plan, but just, I guess, the question is just is it officially in the budget at this point?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, it's not officially in the budget, and for the reasons Tracy just described is that the current bid asset is different that we hope that it ends up. And in terms of the earnings impact, this is more of a 2018 project as well. So don't -- at this point, it's not considered in the budget that we have.
Operator: Our next question is from Neel Mitra with Tudor, Pickering.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I know you guys raised the capital spending guidance at the gas LDCs substantially this year. But I was just wondering, is that something that you see further opportunities to spend in? And if there are going to be changes, what would you be targeting in what may be service territories?
Scott M. Prochazka: Joe, do you want to take this?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Sure. Yes, we obviously increased the level of capital this year, although it's -- we were over $400 million last year as well. And this relates a lot to, as you can imagine, the pipeline integrity requirements that you're seeing around the country. And, of course, we were doing that ourselves to begin with, even before the PHMSA and other requirements were put in place. And we have a big transmission, what we call the beltline project in Minnesota, which is about a 72-mile loop around the city in Minneapolis. That'll be about a 15- to 20-year project of substantial amount of capital. We continue with our advanced metering program, which requires a significant amount of capital. And so we have -- and, of course, the growth in our service territories. So we've anticipated this increased spending for a while, and we expect it to last for several more years.
Neel Mitra - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, Gary, could you comment just maybe around the M&A environment for gas LDCs right now? I know that you've expressed interest in being an acquirer. But we've seen some high valuations, and just any commentary on how you see that playing out with the market?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, yes, you're correct, absolutely correct about high valuations. I think that was second. First of all, what Scott said, I think, in terms of M&A, it's looking for those assets where there is good regulatory environments and we have opportunities that we can put our model in place and run those businesses more effectively and for the very long term. On terms of valuations, Neel, we really have to remain disciplined. Not to criticize what others would pay or not pay, our focus is on ensuring that we have, as Scott said, an accretive transaction for our shareholders and increased value for our shareholders and we can have these assets for the long term. Having said that, to the extent assets do come on the market, we will absolutely evaluate those if they meet our criteria and compete for those assets. So M&A, as Scott said, is certainly a part of what we want to do, but our focus is really implementing our business plan. And you heard from Tracy and from Joe a significant amount of capital that we're investing and the opportunity to invest more. So certainly, M&A can play a role.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So this might be for Gary. Just in terms of your balance sheet and credit metrics, where would you say you are right now? And would you say you've got a decent amount of room to maybe even either stay where you are or add leverage where you are if you see kind of another round of opportunities beyond what you're already doing?
Gary L. Whitlock: Steve, it's a good question. We do have some financial flexibility. As you know, we worked a number of years to ensure we had that financial flexibility. As I gave you in our earnings guidance, we -- even with our capital program this year, our share count will remain the same. To the extent we have significant capital above and beyond, we could certainly raise equity. We'd love to have the opportunity for even a larger transaction to do so. But having said that, the short answer is yes, we do have some leverage capacity, and we'll use it judiciously. But our credit ratings are important to us, and we're going to, obviously, always do the things to defend those. But we're going to do those in a very thoughtful way, and we do have capacity.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And just -- sorry to harp on this transmission line question, who was the other party? You might have said this and I missed it.
Gary L. Whitlock: There were 2 other parties designated by the Texas Municipal Power Agency, and they were the city of Garland, Texas; and Cross Texas Transmission company.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So they would be -- the both of them together would be the other party, essentially?
Gary L. Whitlock: Correct.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And if you got all of this, you would get all the $600 million?
Gary L. Whitlock: $600 million, less the cost of upgrading the intermediate substation, which is called Gibbons Creek. That's approximately $10 million.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay, okay. I guess, I remember a number of like $390 million at one point from you, but that might have been something different.
Scott M. Prochazka: Steve, at one point, we were looking at a series of potential projects that could be selected. And the range of projects at the time had costs that went from, on the low end, probably, the $390 million up to even above $600 million. So that created variability. And then there's just then this issue around what the split would be of the investment was another aspect of variability in there. So $390 million was probably a viable number for one of the options at one point in the process.
Carla Kneipp: At this time, we do not have any additional questions. We will end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp Scott M. Prochazka - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Tracy B. Bridge - Executive Vice President and President of Electric Division Joseph B. McGoldrick - Executive Vice President and President of Gas Division Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Thea. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Electric Vice President and President Gas Division; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2013 results and provide highlights on other key activities. We also have other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release, Form 10-K and supplemental materials are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investor section. The supplemental materials are for informational purposes, and we will not be referring to them during the prepared remarks. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Wednesday, March 5. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 29333655. You can also listen to an online replay on our website and we will archive the call for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported full earnings -- full year earnings of $311 million or $0.72 per diluted share, as compared to $417 million or $0.97 per diluted share in 2012. I'd like to remind you of the unusual items that occurred during each year. As you may recall, effective May 1 of 2013, our midstream assets became part of Enable Midstream Partners. As a result, in 2013, we recorded a noncash deferred tax charge, as well as certain partnership formation expenses. In the third quarter of 2012, we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge, as well as a noncash pretax gain from an acquisition. Excluding the effects of these unusual items, net income for 2013 would have been $544 million or $1.26 per diluted share, compared to $581 million or $1.35 per diluted share in 2012. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full year adjusted earnings would have been $1.20 per diluted share in 2013, compared to $1.25 for 2012. As a result of the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results has changed. We will point out these changes in the course of our call today to help you better understand CenterPoint's overall financial performance, both [ph] for 2013 and for the future. In discussing our financial results, we will refer to our equity investment in midstream as midstream investments, and to the remainder of our businesses as utility operations. The benefit of our diversified utility portfolio was again seen in 2013. Our natural gas utilities had a record year, which helped offset a modest decline in our electric utility, resulting primarily from a return to more normal weather. In 2013, we invested nearly $1.2 billion in our utility operations, up 22% from the prior year, to address increasing demands associated with growth, reliability and ongoing maintenance. Overall, we experienced solid financial and operational performances from our utilities. With the changes in company leadership and the formation of Enable, the time is right to refresh our vision and strategy. CenterPoint Energy's new corporate vision is to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. Compared to our prior vision, this version emphasizes our desire to serve evolving customer needs while creating value for our shareholders, employees and communities. This vision also reflects a focus on effectively operating and investing in our utility operations, as well as taking an active role in governing our investment in Enable. We are committed to providing both stability and growth from our utility operations, while capturing the growth associated with midstream investments. Our new corporate strategy is simply stated: operate, serve and grow. This updated strategy incorporates the company's competitive advantages in technology implementation, process innovation, customer service and regulatory relationships. First, we operate billions of dollars of assets that people rely on every day to serve their energy needs. These energy delivery systems must work reliably and safely. Second, we serve over 5.6 million customers, who expect efficient and effective interactions as we address their needs. And third, we continue to grow our investments to address customer growth, system hardening and replacement of aging infrastructure. The effective execution of this strategy over the next 5 years will allow us to target a normalized compound utility annual earnings growth rate of 4% to 6%. Recently, I announced that Tracy Bridge and Joe McGoldrick were named executive vice presidents and members of the company's executive committee. While both have been given additional responsibilities, Tracy will continue to lead our electric business and Joe will continue his leadership role over our natural gas businesses. During this call, you will hear from Tracy and Joe as they discuss their businesses' 2013 performance and provide an outlook for 2014. I'll now turn the call over to Tracy.
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Our Houston Electric service territory is located in one of the most economically vibrant metro areas in the country, and benefits from a 5.5% unemployment rate, the lowest since 2008. We have experienced strong and consistent customer growth, both residential and commercial, since our inception as CenterPoint Energy in 2002. This growth is occurring not only from increasing housing starts, but also from the expansion of the Port of Houston and new commercial developments in our service territory. Forecasts indicate we can expect these trends to continue. We have made significant investments in advanced meter systems and intelligent grid technology, which not only make our operations more efficient, they make our customer interactions more productive. Through these technologies, we can more easily identify and resolve problems. We can proactively communicate with our customers about the status of their electric service during an outage. Further, we are able to remotely start, stop and transfer service through our advanced meter system, usually eliminating the need to dispatch a truck to the customer's premise. We are proud to be a leader in grid automation. Houston Electric's 2013 financial performance was strong and in line with our expectations. Core operating income was $474 million, compared to $492 million in 2012. The addition of nearly 45,000 customers in 2013 contributed $26 million of incremental revenue. We also benefited from approximately $30 million of right-of-way revenue, which was slightly more than the prior record set in 2012 and almost 10x more than our historic norms. These increases were more than offset by a return to more normal weather, as well as higher operation and maintenance expense, depreciation and taxes. To better serve this growing service territory, Houston Electric invested $759 million of capital, which was up 27% from the prior year. We expect 2014 to be another solid year. Houston Electric will continue to benefit from 2% customer growth, and we expect to invest $780 million of capital. Our 5-year capital plan is expected to exceed $3.6 billion and will be used to improve service reliability and system resiliency, enhance our customer service systems and support normal load growth and system maintenance. As a reminder, this capital plan does not include any investment in the transmission import project proposal we mentioned on our previous call. Should ERCOT recommend one of CenterPoint's proposed projects, we would initiate an approval proceeding with the Texas PUC later this year. We expect increases in operating expenses to be slightly higher than normal in 2014 as we implement specific initiatives focused on grid reliability and safety. We also expect a reduction in right-of-way revenue from approximately $30 million in 2013, down to $10 million to $20 million this year. This range remains well above historic norms, although we anticipate a trend toward more normal levels over the next several years. Joe McGoldrick will now update you on gas operations.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. For the past several years, our natural gas utilities have worked diligently to build an efficient and effective business model while growing earnings. We have implemented a number of regulatory mechanisms that are now producing a predictable amount of annual incremental revenue with reduced regulatory lag. We've also continued an expense management effort that has resulted in, essentially, no change in our O&M expenses over the past 5 years when pass-through expenses associated with energy efficiency programs are excluded. And our credit and collection processes continue to effectively limit bad debt expenses. Collectively, these efforts to manage business performances have paid off as evidenced by the doubling of operating income in 7 years and record operating income reported today for our natural gas utilities in 2013. None of these improvements were made at the expense of operations. In fact, reliability, safety and customer service have all improved over that time. Operating income in 2013 was $263 million, as compared to $226 million in 2012. Rate relief, growth, cost management efforts and a return to normal weather, compared to an extremely mild 2012, resulted in a strong operational performance. Moreover, as a result of our weather hedging strategy and weather normalization adjustments in some jurisdictions, we saw only a small net benefit from increased usage due to weather in 2013. An important point is that structural changes, coupled with innovative rate mechanisms, resulted in record financial performance without relying on significantly increased weather-related usage. Like Houston Electric, our natural gas utilities had a significant capital program in 2013, investing $430 million, a 20% increase over 2012. The customer count in our service area grew at an average of 1% in 2013, driven by robust growth in our largest service areas of Houston and Minneapolis. These benefits were partially offset by an expected increase in bad debt expenses associated with colder weather, as well as higher depreciation and tax expense. In 2014, our natural gas utilities expect to add more than 30,000 new customers. Moreover, we expect to invest $520 million this year, an additional 20% increase over last year's investment. Our 5-year capital plan is expected to exceed $2.2 billion and will target safety and reliability-related infrastructure, growth and system modernization. On the regulatory front, there are 3 items I would like to mention. First, our Minnesota rate case was heard by an administrative law judge in January 2014, and we expect a final decision by the Public Utilities Commission by mid-summer. Second, in December, we resolved a rate inquiry by the City of Houston without a need for further proceedings. And third, the Texas Supreme Court has confirmed that the Texas Railroad Commission had the authority to approve a Cost of Service Adjustment rider or, COSA, which we utilized from 2009 to 2011. We expect this decision will eliminate the potential to refund amounts collected under that rider. Our Energy Services business reported 2013 operating income of $13 million, as compared to $2 million in 2012 after excluding the 2012 goodwill impairment charge. After adjusting for annual mark-to-market changes and onetime items, primarily, the 2012 sale of a nonstrategic asset, Energy Services operating income grew by $4 million in 2013. The increased customer count and sales volumes in 2013 were partially offset by lower unit margins in more competitive markets. As part of our gas operations group, this business supports customer needs through tailored commodity solutions. We expect this business to provide between $15 million and $25 million of annual operating income during the planning horizon. I'll now turn the call back to Scott, who will discuss our investment in Enable.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Joe. Once Enable Midstream Partners becomes a publicly traded company, it's our expectation that they will publicly provide their financial and operational results. Accordingly, in the future, we will generally limit the discussion in our earnings releases and calls to our portion of Enable's equity earnings and the cash distributions we receive from the partnership. However, in this call, we will provide a high-level discussion of Enable's performance, although as you know we are limited in what we can say due to their pending S-1 filing. For the 8-month period from May 1 of 2013 when Enable was formed through December 31 of 2013, CenterPoint Energy recognized $173 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable, and an additional $8 million from our remaining ownership in SESH. We also received cash distributions of approximately $106 million from Enable and $23 million from SESH during 2013. In February of this year, we received a cash distribution of approximately $67 million associated with Enable's fourth quarter results. In total, our cash distribution related to Enable's 2013 performance is $173 million for the 8 months of May to December. During the past year, Enable's transportation and storage segment continued to be challenged by ongoing low seasonal and geographic price differentials, which reduced the demand for ancillary services and adversely impacted certain contract renewals. Enable's gathering and processing segment had a solid year despite relatively low commodity prices for most of the year and reduced gathering activity in the dry gas basins. Processing volumes, however, have continued to increase as a result of system expansions in its wet gas regions. As you know, Lynn Bourdon became Enable's CEO at the beginning of February. We're excited to have Lynn in place and believe the strength of his broad industry experience and his high-energy leadership style are well-suited to ensure Enable reaches its full potential. Through the efforts of Lynn and his team, good progress is being made toward the planned IPO. I'll now turn the call over to Gary, who can provide an update on financial activities.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. Before discussing various CenterPoint financial items, I would like to mention that Enable Midstream Partners recently filed a second amendment to its S-1 registration statement and is continuing to progress towards an initial public offering. Our goal remains to have an interest in a publicly traded master limited partnership. Given applicable SEC requirements, we are limited in what we can discuss regarding Enable and its IPO. Now let me update you on the recent CenterPoint Energy-related activity. As you know, the company has benefited from a number of favorable actions by the rating agencies in 2013. In January of this year, Moody's more favorable view of the relative credit supportiveness of the U.S. regulatory environment was reflected in its upgrade of the debt of CenterPoint Energy Inc. and Houston Electric. CenterPoint Energy's senior unsecured debt is now rated BAA1 and the mortgage bonds of Houston Electric are now rated A1. Now I would like to discuss our earnings guidance range for 2014, which takes into consideration a number of economic and operational variables that may impact the actual earnings performance. Effective with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, we recorded our portion of the midstream partnership's earnings using the equity method of accounting. Therefore, our earnings per diluted share for 2014 represents the booked after-tax earnings we record from our utility operation and the booked after-tax earnings we record from midstream investments. We estimate earnings from our utility operations, inclusive of the parent company, to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72 per diluted share for 2014. The utility operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, effective tax rate and financing activity. We estimate earnings -- equity earnings from our midstream investment to be in the range of approximately $280 million and $315 million or $0.40 to $0.45 per diluted share for 2014. This guidance includes our 58.3% ownership interest in Enable Midstream; our retained 25.05% interest in SESH; and the amortization of our basis difference in Enable. This guidance does not include any gains or losses that result from Enable's selling unit or dilution associated with Enable's issuance of limited partnership units and its planned initial public offering. The midstream investment's guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings such as commodity prices, volume throughput, ancillary services, weather, regulatory proceedings, effective tax rate, financing activity and potential net synergies realized once the partnership operations are fully integrated. Our consolidated estimate of earnings on a guidance basis for the full year 2014 is in the range of $1.08 to $1.17 per diluted share. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of approximately 36%, including a 38% tax rate for Enable's earnings, an average share count of approximately 431 million shares and lower interest expense. In addition, the company does not include the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of the Time Warner stocks and the related [indiscernible] securities or the timing effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting in the company's Energy Services business. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. In closing, I would like to remind you of our revised dividend policy and the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 20. This represented a 14.5% increase from our 2013 quarterly dividend. Our objective is to provide a quarterly cash dividend that is supported by the long-term stability and growth of our utility operation, combined with the growth in the distributable cash flow from Enable. Our intention is to target a payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our utility operation, and 90% to 100% of the net after-tax cash distributions we receive from Enable. We believe this revised policy represents our strong commitment to shareholders and the confidence we have in the underlying growth prospects for our utility operations and cash distributions from Enable. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and now I'll turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. In answering your questions, I'd like to remind you that since Enable is in the process of pursuing an IPO, we are restricted by SEC regulations in what we can discuss regarding the partnership. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Thea?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question, the amortization of the basis difference, could you give us that number for 2013 and what you expect it to be for 2014?
Gary L. Whitlock: For 2013, it was a partial year, so it was about $5 million. Going forward, Matt, it's going to be $7 million, and you'll see that described in our 10-K as well. So it's going to be amortized over 30 years and approximately $7 million per year.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And then I probably missed this, but did the guidance assume normal weather and I guess normal weather for the full year or kind of actual weather year-to-date and normal weather going forward?
Scott M. Prochazka: Matt, the guidance we gave was inclusive of what we've experienced to date. So we do have some feel for the relative favorability that we've seen so far. So that has been factored in.
Gary L. Whitlock: But we still have the summer in front of us, Matt, which you know has its implications.
Scott M. Prochazka: So it's worth noting the balance of the year is assumed to be at normal.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just last one, could you provide a little more of an update on your transmission proposals and kind of the timeline for that this year?
Scott M. Prochazka: Tracy, do you want to take this?
Tracy B. Bridge: I will. Matt, as you may know, we've submitted several proposals to ERCOT for consideration. We're expecting a decision in the second quarter of this year, and if we are fortunate enough to receive ERCOT's recommendation, we will then proceed to the Public Utilities Commission of Texas for authorization to build that line. So we're in a watch-and-wait mode right now and we're optimistic that one of our proposals may be included in ERCOT's recommendation.
Scott M. Prochazka: Matt, it's also probably safe to note the PUC process take upwards of a year after we make our submission. So the submission to the commission would be later this year and they can take up to a year to decide.
Operator: The next question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, maybe just chewing off that last question, could you -- I know you said you all submitted a range of several proposals, could you refresh my memory of what the range of invested capital would be for those proposals?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Carl, roughly, the range is somewhere between $300 million and $600 million, given the options involved. And keep in mind that some of those options would have us sharing some of the investment with, potentially, with other parties who are involved in the project.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Fair enough. But that is -- but just to be clear, that is outside right now of the current 5-year budget?
Scott M. Prochazka: That is correct. That's not included, at all, in our budget.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A couple questions then. The first is, just to try and clarify, because of the dividend policy with respect to the payout on utility, and the 90% to 100% of the after-tax cash distributions from Enable, Gary, what should we be using as a cash tax rate for Enable, from your all's standpoint?
Gary L. Whitlock: That's a good question, Carl. I think you should use around 15% to 17%, and let me describe why. In the early years, I'm going to look in sort of a 5 year horizon, these cash taxes are lower in the early part and they then rise to a higher rate. So I think if you use 15% to 17%, that's sort of a sweet spot. We have to think about it as we think setting our dividend policy over a little longer horizon than just the current cash tax. Is that helpful?
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Understood. Very helpful. And then maybe last question, if I could. And, certainly, Joe, you addressed the outlook for Energy Services within the planning horizon and maybe no more needs to be said. But I think back few years, we were looking at a little bit higher number for what the potential run rate of Energy Services could be once we removed some of the volatility of the wholesale and sort of left it to the retail marketing. And is that just a function, essentially, of a more competitive market or is there something else going on that should we should be aware of?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Carl, I think you answered part of the question. And clearly, the market is more competitive, so that is impacting our margins somewhat. But also, we don't look like we did, say, 4 or 5 years ago. We had some assets back then that we were able to take advantage of when you had the sort of volatility that, frankly, we're seeing again this winter, but we don't have the ability to capture those margins any longer because, as you recall, our intent was to de-risk this business and make it a true retail sales business.
Operator: The next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Another question on the dividend growth here. You said, from Enable, it will be 90% to 100% of after-tax cash proceeds. Does that include only proceeds relative to the LP units or would that also include cash from the General Partner IDRs?
Gary L. Whitlock: No. Those are the -- the cash from the general partnership IDR is yet to be determined further down the road. At this point, I think you think of it as our LP interest, the 58.3%, yes.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: And any potential cash from the GP would be -- to be determined what you'd do with that cash [indiscernible] CenterPoint fund?
Gary L. Whitlock: I think that's -- yes. I think that's right, Andrew, to be determined. But I think of it -- look, our dividend policy is very clear. Cash flows from Enable will be on a 90% to 100% on an after-tax basis to our shareholders. I'm just saying, in the near term, the GP, obviously, we don't have the benefit of those IDRs, we will, eventually. So I think, dramatically, and the board will make those determinations at that time. I think Enable cash flows fundamentally will go to our shareholders.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And then gas utilities, can you just remind us which ones have some form of weather decoupling or normalization and which have benefited from weather year-to-date?
Scott M. Prochazka: Sure. We now have weather normalization adjustments in our Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Mississippi jurisdictions. And those operate through the performance-based mechanisms that exist in those states. Now, as you know, those are our smallest jurisdictions of our states. So Minnesota is clearly our most weather-dependent LDC that we have and has the most volumetric rates as well. So that's why we continue to hedge weather in both Minnesota and, primarily, in Texas where we also do not have a WNA.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And then the last question is, any commentary on the gas retail marketing business year-to-date through these cold stretches?
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, we're seeing, obviously, this -- the volatility that's been discussed already and some very high peak prices. We've been able to take advantage of some of that, but also there are times when those are costs to you as well. So net-net, I wouldn't say it has had a material impact on our sales businesses in the year-to-date.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: One. Great. And then, sorry, one last one if I can squeeze it in. The electric utility in Houston. Clearly, very strong account growth and usage trends. But you're also investing a lot of money based on the CapEx. So any high-level thoughts on when the next rate case might be necessary? And will the earnings grow between now and then, or will it just be a function of the ROE falling?
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, we will see earnings grow between now and the end of the period. The need for a formal rate proceeding is really pushed out because of the mechanisms that we have, coupled with just the growth that we're experiencing. So we get $25 million to $30 million of new revenue each year just off of growth. And then using the capital covering mechanisms we have in electric around the transmission and the distribution side, we can pursue timely recovery for 90 -- over 90% of our capital that we spend there. So we've got those mechanisms that are going to keep us out of needing to file a formal rate case during this window of our plan.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Meaning 5 years?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, correct.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I don't know if you had this in your prepared remarks or not. But given the spending plans you have at the utilities over the next few years, what kind of growth rate do you expect out of this sort of $0.68 to $0.72 number that you gave out for '14? So what's sort of the long-term growth trajectory of these earnings, given the spending plans you have in the electric and gas utilities?
Scott M. Prochazka: I did comment, but I'll just reiterate those -- my remarks. We see that with the plan we have in place that we would grow that utility earnings by about 4% to 6% over the planned period.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay. Got it. And in the 2014 guidance, do you have any right of easement grants in that number as well? What is that number?
Scott M. Prochazka: We have assumed that it would fall to somewhere between 10 to 20, is what we had commented on. If you take a midpoint, it probably gives you a pretty good feel for what we think it may be. But I can tell you, as we've told you in the past, this can be very, very uncertain in terms of both the timing and the amounts. Hence, the reason we gave a range. So it's very difficult to target a point value, but we think it's going to be dropping off, although it is going to stay above what we had seen on a historic basis.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And can you remind us what drives this sort of revenue out of this particular sort of source of income?
Scott M. Prochazka: There are a number of companies and pipelines that are trying to put infrastructure in from the shale plays, which are outside of the Houston territory, and they're generally trying to get commodity over to the Houston Ship Channel. And the only way to get to the Houston Ship Channel through pipelines is to go through the city, and our right-of-ways present a great opportunity for them to get their pipes in.
Operator: The next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Could you remind us, corresponding to the equity income or earnings that you budgeted from Enable for 2014, what's the distributed cash flow that comes from that?
Gary L. Whitlock: With the pending offering, I don't think it's appropriate to discuss the distributed cash flow.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Because the S-1 gives numbers, I think, on a 12-month basis from March to March, so I was wondering is there a calendar '14 update or how we should think of that?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, I think, when you think of our earnings guidance, I mean, Ali, we have taken into consideration what I would call the full year '14. As you just described, the S-1 is following normal protocol it has 9 months of '14 and then 3 months of '15. So we've made our assumptions and we've made our assumptions around those variables, of course, in including -- in determining our guidance.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Scott, to you, from your vantage point, from the CEO position, what's the current appetite for CenterPoint for additional regulated utility M&A at this point?
Scott M. Prochazka: Ali, I think the story you'll hear will be consistent with what you heard in the past, and that is we are interested in opportunities to make an acquisition if the opportunity presents itself. Now, we know it's tough in this space to do this, but we also know that we're going to be very discerning in terms of doing the analytics and making sure that what we would pursue is strategically aligned. And it would be done at a value that would be accretive to our shareholders. So we remain interested in it, but it's difficult to do in this space.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My last question, Scott, again to you. I mean, as you talked about you're looking at 4% to 6% EPS growth for the regulated business, presumably Enable will add to that as well. Corresponding to that, how should we think about dividend growth for you? The investment grade that you've made to us on the investment side would be what in terms of earnings and dividend right now?
Gary L. Whitlock: The way we think about that, we obviously didn't give you a dividend growth rate and pretty simple. There are a number of moving parts here that's going to be, throughout this year, going to have significant more transparency around them. So we've tried to provide a policy that's very clear to investors. If you can see then the -- what I would call the significant inherent growth in the dividend, as Enable grows and the clear policy around the distribution of cash and then the investment we make in the utility and the ability to grow the utility earnings. So we think our policy really speaks to -- what we think will be really terrific, frankly going forward, dividend growth. But we're not committed to an exact percentage around this. So I really think you look at the policy and then focus on the growth in the utility, and then what we expect is -- will be strong performance by Enable as they execute their business plan over the longer term.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Gary, what's the timing of the IPO? Last question.
Gary L. Whitlock: I can't comment on the -- I can't comment on that. Sorry.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Two questions. First, just to clarify, is the utility 2014 of $0.68 to $0.72, is it clean based for the 4% to 6% growth rate?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, it is a good clean base.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Good. And then, secondly, just the 15% to 17% cash tax rate on the Enable distribution that CenterPoint has, is that a number that will stay in that range for a number of years or does it go up over time?
Gary L. Whitlock: Steve, the way I'm providing that is the way we have to look at it because there's timing. The timing, as I mentioned, on an earlier question that the rates actually start less than 10% but they then ratchet up over, I'm going to look at a 5-year timeframe. If you average that, it's a 15% to 17%, and that's kind of the way we have to think about it. So we will distribute the cash, trying to have what I'd describe as a normalized cash rate. But yes, I think that's the way you think about it, certainly, in the foreseeable future, it's 15% to 17%.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. But in 2014, it's more actually more like 10%?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, it's less than 15% to 17%. And then in years after this, it increases. And again, I'd just caution you, these are always complex issues around tax and tax laws can change, and it's always going to be a variable. But absolutely, in terms of the policy, what we're shooting for and our objective is to distribute the after-tax cash from Enable to our shareholders.
Operator: The next question is from Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: The 20% plus jump in natural gas distribution CapEx, '14 versus '13, is that driven by customer growth or are you accelerating some of your line replacement? What is -- what's going on there?
Scott M. Prochazka: Joe, do you want to take this?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Sure. We have grown the capital program in our gas LDCs for the last several years. 5, 6 years ago, it only averaged about $200 million, and now we're closer to $400 million. It's really -- there is some growth capital in there, no doubt, but a lot of it is being driven by infrastructure replacement and a pipeline integrity regulation. As you're aware, after San Bruno, a lot of things have ratcheted up and so we are making a major investment, and replacing a transmission pipe that loops the City of Minneapolis. And so there's a lot of safety and reliability-related infrastructure investments that we're making across all of our LDCs.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: So the incremental between '14 and '13 it sounds like it's really that transmission line replacement around Minneapolis is being accelerated?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: That's a lot of it. In addition too we continue with our automated meter reading program that continues to replace the old meters with new meters so we can read them remotely. And so, there's a number of things, but clearly, the pipeline integrity investment is a large portion of the increase.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And of the $521 million for this year, roughly what portion is covered by rate trackers?
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Approximately 50%.
Operator: Our final question is from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, I think most have been hit. Gary, let me -- one other, this might be a little arcane, but if Comcast actually buys Time Warner, does that impact [indiscernible] at all?
Gary L. Whitlock: It does not impact the [indiscernible]. What it does it really substitutes another share. As you know, we started with one reference share, now we have 3 companies, so you'll have -- at this point, we have Time Warner Cable, and now, once they merge, it will be Comcast or whatever. But it's just another reference share.
Operator: The final question will come from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Any thoughts or comments on the 2 CFO searches for Enable and CenterPoint?
Gary L. Whitlock: I don't know what you're up to, Andrew. I'm still here, buddy.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Didn't you say last year that this would be your last year?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, well, I'm teasing, but I'll let Scott speak to both of those.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Well, clearly, Gary is still here and he plans to be here for some additional time. So there's nothing underway in terms of finding his replacement at the current -- right now. We will be doing that at some point, but that will be later in the year.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. My mistake, Gary. I wasn't suggesting anything.
Scott M. Prochazka: With respect to Enable, we are actively working on the CFO. I believe we're getting close. We haven't made an announcement. But we do believe we're getting close with all the activity underway. Lynn is active in that and he's leading that process, and Gary and John [ph] are both involved in that as well. But we're making good progress there and, hopefully, we're fairly close on that.
Carla Kneipp: With that, we will now end the call. Thank you for participating today. We appreciate your support, and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-06 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott M. Prochazka - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Mackenzie. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; Scott Prochazka, Executive Vice President and COO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our third quarter 2013 results and provide highlights on other key activities. We also have other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available on CenterPoint Energy's Investor website and will be archived for at least 1 year. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter net income of $151 million or $0.35 per diluted share, compared to third quarter 2012 net income of $10 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Last year's results included 2 unusual items. A $252 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge associated with our competitive Energy Services business and a $136 million non-cash pretax gain associated with the acquisition of an additional interest in a gathering and processing joint venture. Excluding these 2 unusual items, net income in the third quarter of 2012 would've been $174 million, or $0.40 per diluted share. Operating income for the third quarter 2013 was $244 million. Following our May 1 formation of Enable Midstream Partners, we report our investment in our midstream operations as equity income rather than operating income. As a result, our operating income for the third quarter and the 9 months ended September 2013 are not comparable to prior periods. I am pleased with the performance of our regulated electric and natural gas utilities this quarter and Scott will review in more detail -- with them in more detail in a few minutes. I'll now discuss our midstream investments. CenterPoint Energy recognized $77 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable Midstream Partners and an additional $3 million from our remaining ownership in SESH. This month, we expect to receive a cash distribution of approximately $70 million associated with Enable's third quarter results. Enable's transportation and storage segment continues to be challenged by ongoing low, seasonal and geographic price differentials, which reduced the demand for ancillary services and adversely impacted certain contract renewals. In addition, quarterly earnings were impacted by the costs associated with settling a legacy lawsuit and certain business development expenses that together totaled approximately $7 million. Enable's gathering and processing segment had a solid quarter despite relatively low commodity prices. Processing and wet gas gathering continues to do well, while dry gas gathering continues to be challenged by reduced drilling activity. Demand for new processing capacity continues to increase. In addition to the Muckler, [ph] Oklahoma processing plant currently under construction. The partnership recently approved a new 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant to be located in Bradley, Oklahoma. This plant is expected to go into service in early 2015. Once completed, it will be Enable's 13th major plant and we'll bring its total processing capacity to about 2.3 billion cubic feet per day. The construction of the partnership's Bakken crude oil gathering project continues to go well. Initial commissioning activities are underway and the first phase is expected to be in service later this month. The final phase of construction and commissioning will resume in the spring of 2014, weather permitting, and is expected to be completed in the first half of the year. The search for the Enable CEO is ongoing. This process has taken longer than we anticipated. However, we continue to see significant interest in the position and we remain disciplined in our search for the right person for this job. Before turning the call over to Scott, I'd like to take a moment to say thank you to the employees, shareholders and members of the financial and investment community that I have had the pleasure to work with during my 41 years at the company. Last week, we announced my plans to step down as CEO at the end of the year and the board's appointment of Scott Prochazka as the new President and CEO of CenterPoint Energy. I'm proud of what has been accomplished during my 12-year tenure as CEO of CenterPoint. CEOs often get too much credit for good company performance. In the case of CenterPoint, this truly was a team effort, starting at the top with my executive community made up of Gary Whitlock, Scott Rozzell, Tom Standish and Steve Schaefer before his retirement. But the success of CenterPoint is really due to the 8800 employees, who work hard every day to execute our plans regardless of the obstacles before them. I could not have asked for a better team. I'm excited about CenterPoint's future and the vision, energy and enthusiasm that Scott Prochazka will bring to the job. Scott knows our industry and company well. He is highly respected by our employees and he's motivated to serve our customers better every day and create shareholder value. Scott is going to be a great leader and CEO for CenterPoint. I'll now turn the call over to Scott for more detailed comments about the third quarter performance.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, and good morning to everyone. David, I appreciate the trust and confidence you and the board have placed in me. For those of you on the call, I look forward to interacting with you in a new capacity. I'm excited about the future of our company and believe we can build upon its 147-year history of excellence. Today I'm going to focus on the quarterly performance and current business environment of our 2 operating segments: Houston Electric and natural gas distribution. Houston Electric's third quarter 2013 core operating income was $207 million compared to $205 million in the prior year. The business continues to benefit from strong growth in our service territory, with the addition of more than 44,000 customers since September of 2012. We expect this 2% customer growth rate to remain through the end of the year and into the foreseeable future. During the quarter, we also benefited from increased usage, which was primarily attributable to favorable weather. These benefits were partially offset by increases in O&M, depreciation and property taxes. Residential throughput was up 4% compared to the same quarter last year. Combined commercial and industrial throughput was also up, increasing approximately 2% compared to the same period last year. Our commercial and virtually all of our industrial classes are built on-demand. So total throughput comparisons are not indicative of these customer classes' contribution to revenue. Favorable weather increased revenues by approximately $10 million this quarter. And for the year, weather has been essentially normal. Through September, right-of-way revenues were approximately $10 million, compared to about $24 million during the same period last year. By year-end, we anticipate 2013 annual right-of-way revenues to exceed last year's total of $27 million. Right-of-way revenues are dependent upon the construction plans of others and we expect these revenues will trend lower beginning next year. Houston Electric continues to have a robust capital plan that reflects the infrastructure investment needed to support service area growth, ongoing maintenance and system reliability. Through September of 2013, Houston Electric has invested $515 million, up nearly $100 million from the same period last year. We expect to invest approximately $720 million of capital by year-end, which is consistent with our capital plan. We anticipate continued high levels of investment next year to meet the infrastructure needs of our growing service area. This July, Houston Electric submitted a proposal to the Electric Reliability Council of Texas or ERCOT for construction of additional transmission capacity into the Houston region. To meet growing electric demand, new transmission capacity must be added to access power generation located in other parts of the state. We have proposed for consideration by ERCOT, 3 different options that involve facilities to be either wholly or partially owned by Houston Electric. If ERCOT recommends a Houston Electric ownership option, the company will initiate a process with the Public Utility Commission of Texas to seek approval to begin construction. Assuming PUC approval, construction will begin in 2017 at a cost of $300 million to $550 million, depending upon the options selected. Lastly, to help enhance stability of earnings, Houston Electric has entered into a weather hedge for the winter months of November through February 2014. From time to time, we will secure a weather hedge when implied economics are reasonable. This hedge is similar to the 1 gas operation as used effectively over the last several years to guard against the weather variability in jurisdictions that lack weather normalization adjustment writers. We believe this can provide similar revenue stability for Houston Electric this winter. Our Natural Gas Distribution unit performed well this quarter, earning $5 million of operating income compared to the same amount in the prior year. While the third quarter is generally the softest due to the seasonal nature of this business, performance is in line with our expectations for the quarter. Timely rate recovery mechanisms and continued customer growth increased quarterly revenues compared to the same period last year. These positive contributions were offset by increases in O&M, depreciation and property taxes. Gas operations performance year-to-date has exceeded our expectations and we anticipate a strong overall performance for the calendar year. Gas operations capital investment through the third quarter of this year was about $315 million, up more than $60 million from the same period last year. We anticipate investing approximately $430 million of capital by year-end. Investments in pipeline integrity initiatives continue to drive a sizable portion of our total capital expenditures. These investments not only serve to enhance the safety and reliability of our system but also will reduce operating expenses over time. We continue to see growth across our service territories, with the addition of approximately 24,000 gas customers since September 2012 and this pace is expected to continue. This August we filed a general rate case in Minnesota to increase overall base rates by $44.3 million annually, which includes moving into base rate $15 million of energy efficiency expenditures, now being recovered in a separate writer. Our filing is based upon a rate base of $700 million, which reflects the significant capital expenditures we have made across our Minnesota service territory, a full decoupling mechanism and an ROE of 10.3% with a 53% equity capital structure. Interim rates went into effect on October 1 and we expect a final decision around mid-2014. Finally, gas operations has once again entered into a weather hedge for certain jurisdictions to mitigate the impact of weather on our operating income for the period of October 2013 through April of 2014. Overall, our operating units had a great quarter and I believe we are well positioned to finish the year strong. And with that, I will turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. Before discussing various CenterPoint financial items, I'll provide an update on the Enable Midstream S-1 filing and IPO timeline. As I mentioned last quarter, we were required to conduct additional valuation work to determine fair value for the net assets of Enogex, which extended the time needed to prepare the S-1. This work and the related audit requirements are now substantially complete and we expect to be in a position to file the registration statement with the SEC later this quarter. Our goal remains to have a publicly traded master limited partnership in the first quarter of 2014. Turning to CenterPoint Energy related activities, we are very pleased to have extended our 3 revolving bank credit facilities. The amendments extend the maturity date of each of the facilities 2 years to 2018 and the pricing grid remains the same. We also made an improvement to the PAD facility, replacing the debt-to-EBITDA covenant with a debt to total capitalization covenant that is more in line with investment-grade utilities. In addition, the aggregate commitments under the FERC facility will reduce to $600 million from $950 million. The aggregate commitments under the CenterPoint Energy and CEHE facilities remain unchanged. We are very pleased to have in place 5-year facilities that are appropriately sized and competitively priced. During the third quarter, we redeemed $92 million of debt as well an additional $59 million of debt in October. For the full year, we will have reduced our debt by approximately $1.1 billion. The company has also benefited from a number of favorable actions by the rating agencies in 2013. Most recently, in August, Moody's upgraded the debt ratings of CenterPoint Energy and Houston Electric. CenterPoint Energy now has a senior unsecured rating of BAA2 and Houston Electric has a senior secured debt rating of A2. The rating of FERC senior unsecured debt was reaffirmed at BAA2 and the rating outlook for all 3 companies is now stable. Finally, let me discuss our 2013 earnings guidance. This morning, we reaffirmed our estimate of earnings on a guidance basis in the range of $1.17 to $1.25 per diluted share. Our guidance excludes the effects of the 2 unusual items resulting from the formation of the midstream partnership that we discussed in the second quarter earnings call. In addition to the normal guidance exclusions described in our press release, this range takes into consideration the closing of the midstream partnership on May 1, the performance to date of our businesses as well as an estimate of our portion of the partnership's earnings for the balance of 2013. The actual earnings of the partnership will be dependent on a number of variables, the most significant being commodity prices, volume throughput, ancillary services and the net synergies realized as the partnership's operations are integrated. In addition to the impact of our midstream partnership earnings, we continue to provide earnings guidance in the form of a range to reflect a number of other economic and operational variables such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, effective tax rates and financing activities. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2075 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on October 23. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence of management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy and I will turn the call back over to Scott.
Scott M. Prochazka: Before we take your questions, I'd like to take a moment to share a few thoughts with you. Many of you have met with and have known David McClanahan for a long time. You know him to be a visionary, an industry leader and a statesman. Throughout his tenure, David has been focused on creating value for all of our stakeholders, our shareholders, our customers, our employees and the communities in which we do business. I have heard it said that his retirement marks the end of an era and I can assure you that the employees of the company, including me, feel this way. His leadership, disciplined approach to business decision-making and personal integrity have set a high standard for each of us. On behalf of all the employees of the company, thank you, David, for everything you have done to make CenterPoint Energy a great company. And on a personal level, I want to thank you for your friendship and counsel. David is the first member of his leadership team to retire. During 2014, Scott Rozzell, Tom Standish and Gary Whitlock all turned 65 and have indicated their intentions to retire as well. In the coming quarters, we will be announcing several senior level retirements. While the exact timing of each departure has not been finalized, they will be staggered to ensure a smooth and effective transition. We have given much thought to the broader succession plan and the incoming executive team will possess the knowledge, experience and leadership necessary to carry CenterPoint Energy forward. We are in the process of finalizing all of the related personnel moves and will be ready to share more details regarding the incoming leadership team in the near future. With the upcoming change in leadership and the creation of Enable Midstream Partners, we've taken the opportunity to refresh our vision and strategy. Our work acknowledges and builds upon a great heritage of success but appropriately reflects our change portfolio and the business conditions we face today and anticipate to face in the future. We look forward to sharing it with you early next year. In the meantime, we will continue to focus on what we do well: Grow and operate safe and reliable utilities. I am honored to have the opportunity to build on David's success and I'm excited about the bright future of CenterPoint Energy. And with that, Carla, I'll turn the call over to you.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Scott. As a reminder, since the midstream partnership plans to pursue an IPO, we are restricted by SEC regulations in the details that we can discuss. [Operator Instructions] Mackenzie?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: So it sounds like a lot of the changes will be coming in the next 12 months or so. Is there going to be -- or do we expect an analyst day or something early next year? And will there be any allusions to changes in the company at EEI next week?
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott. We have been contemplating an Analyst day but we have not yet put one -- formalized one and put in place, but we have been having conversations internally about that. As far as the meeting at EEI or the discussions at EEI, we'll be able to talk a bit about how we're seeing things evolve, but suffice it to say, we have got a great strategy to date and our changes and what we're going to focus on in the future, I think, are going to be fairly intuitive in terms of our focus around utility.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. I'll keep my next questions a little more short-term oriented then. In terms of Enable, the CEO announcement hopefully will be coming soon. How should we think about the timing between that and the S-1 being filed? I know you can't get too specific, but it is fair to assume that the incoming CEO and CFO will need some time to get comfortable with the numbers before the S-1 as printed?
Scott M. Prochazka: I don't think before it's printed, Andrew . I think we'll file the S-1. That's our intention. Obviously, before we go out on the road and market the IPO, we'd want the CEO and CFO in place and completely familiar and brought into our plans. But the -- we have a strong management team today. They are putting together the financial plans that will be reflected in the S-1. So I think, we're in good shape today. But obviously before early next year or during the first quarter, we need to have that CEO, CFO in place.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. Then on the electric utility usage trend, I probably ask this every quarter, but I see the account growth is strong at 2%. How should we think about the weather normalized load growth because you said it was a benefit?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Andrew, I think the way to think about weather normalized, we're seeing usage on a weather normalized basis to be more or less flat. Weather calculations -- or weather normalization calculations can be a little tricky at times and they're not perfect in terms of precision. So you may see some noise up or down on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But as we look over the long term, we see usage remaining about even on a weather-adjusted basis.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. Then lastly, the O&M trends at the utilities, both electric and gas, if you can sort of give any high-level thoughts on the magnitude of the year-over-year changes that we've been seeing in recent quarters and maybe an early look at what next year's O&M trends might look like?
Scott M. Prochazka: No, we target our O&M in kind of the 2% to 3% range and short of some timing issues where we might be moving some expenses around from quarter-to-quarter. I think we track on that. I think what may be clouding the numbers a little bit is the key costs expense that's in electric. If you pull that out, the remaining expense, the O&M, those types of things is more around 2.5%. The key costs expense in there has an offset in revenue.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt Tucker at KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question, you mentioned the S-1 filing should occur this quarter. Should we expect it to be kind of almost any day now, this month or closer to the end of the year? Any more color you can give us on the timing there?
David M. McClanahan: I would say it would be anytime between later this month and the mid-Feb-- mid-December. We're not going to wait until the end of December to file it, but I think it's getting very close. So our intent is to file it as soon as we got every T crossed and I dotted, but we are very close.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then now that you had a full quarter of operations at the partnership, any update on your expectations for realizing synergies there? And do you feel like you've already started to realize synergies today?
David M. McClanahan: I think we have more clarity around it. Over the last quarter, we put a full management team in place from the top down through a number of levels. We're starting to get more clarity around asset synergies, where we can start utilizing the different assets of the 2 entities to create value for the partnership. There is more -- a lot more clarity around that. And clearly, we're going to have some more cost synergies as we move forward. Those we've made some progress on but that's mainly a 2014, 2015 kind of event as we reshape the way we -- services are delivered to the partnership. A lot of them will be moving away from the parent company and put into partnership. And we expect we're going to find a fair amount of savings when that happens.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And just last question on the weather hedge at CenterPoint Houston, could you elaborate a little bit on the economics that make them attractive options this year?
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, the hedge is structured where we value heating degree [ph] day. And depending on whether that's favorable for us or against us, we hedge about 80% of that value. So the idea is that if it's favorable for us, there is a payment to the counterparty. If it's not favorable for us, they would pay us. But the reason it works for us and we entered into one is it's -- when you pick the strike points on this, the economics are such that it's evenly balanced up or down. So it ends up just being a way to essentially no implied costs or very little implied costs. It's a way to protect against variability if we were to have extreme weather.
Operator: Our next question is from Charles Fishman at MorningStar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: The transmission options that you've proposed to ERCOT, is that incremental to your previously disclosed capital expenditures for Houston Electric? And I guess, specifically, does that change the 5% CAGR rate base growth?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, Charles, that investment would be incremental to what we have previously published in terms of our capital plan. So to the extent that those materialize, it would increase our overall investment and our rate base and therefore our earnings over the longer term.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And could you give a range of the 3 options?
David M. McClanahan: Well, they're all -- physically, they are all in the same region. And the difference between them would be the starting point in our territory and the termination point, either in somebody else's territory or another part of our own territory. But they're all in the northwest portion of our region. And the difference in price is associated with the difference in length between the 2 endpoints.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And let's say the lowest cost option versus the highest cost, can you -- have you disclosed that in...
David M. McClanahan: Well, as I mentioned, I think the range of the $300 million to the $550 million represents range of the options.
Operator: Our next question is from Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any change to your thoughts on when the MLP will be accretive to standalone CenterPoint EPS? Are you still thinking about 2015?
David M. McClanahan: Sarah, I think that's right. We haven't really looked at that since we made that disclosure in our last call, but I feel -- I think we feel pretty comfortable that it'll be accretive in the 2015 time frame.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then one question on the Bakken, are you seeing the work that Enable is doing there, generating additional discussions with other developers in that area?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, we are. We are looking at other opportunities in that region. And it is generated because of the work we're doing for XTO, Exxon Mobil in that area. So yes, I think we are seeing more interest in us doing that kind of project as a result of not only getting this one, but we've made really good progress. We've made certain commitments and we've been able to deliver on those commitments. I think our engineering and construction has been excellent. And I think that all helps when you're out looking at other projects.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Fleishman at Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So first, I'm just curious if you have any better sense or thought process on how you might look at dividend policy next year with the MLP being effective in getting the dividends from it?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, Steve. This is Gary. I think it's just as we said in the previous quarter. Clearly, going forward, I think the way to think about our dividend policy will be the earnings from the regulated utilities would certainly pay a portion of that. And then I do think that in terms of the cash distributions, our objective most likely will be to pay a significant portion of those cash earnings to our shareholders. So but the specifics of that, I'll ask you to please wait until the first quarter and we will be much more clear on our policy in the first quarter.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just also on the electric and gas utility businesses, rough sense of kind of updated views on rate base growth potential over the next 3 to 5 years?
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, Steven, I think the last we had said was it is going to be in the 3 -- depending on the utility, in the 3% to 5% range in terms of rate base or in terms of growth. And on the -- that's on electric. And then the gas side may be slightly higher. I can tell you as we are modifying and going through the planning process today and we're looking at capital requirements going forward, there tends to be a drive, given all the growth that we see towards. That number may be moving north as opposed to south. So we've still got strong investment opportunities and we're going to continue to have strong rate base growth as a result of that.
Operator: Our next question is from John Tiani [ph] at Calendar Capital [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Considering the delay and the difficulty in hiring a CEO and filing the S-1, why not consider the transaction that Devin at crossed text did [ph]? Can you help us understand why you don't think that's a better way to maximize the value of Enable for shareholders?
Scott M. Prochazka: John, I don't think we ever commented on that transaction, but we continue to look at alternative ways. And if there's another way to get public and create more shareholder for our value, we'll certainly consider that. But that specific transaction, I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on. The idea of joining with an existing public entity is not something that we haven't looked at or considered.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our last question is from Ali Agha at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: David, can you give us some insight into why it's taking longer than expected to get a CEO in place for the MLP? Is it getting the right financial incentives? Is there an issue about strategy? I mean, just give us some insight into why it's taking so long.
David M. McClanahan: Ali, let me give a few general comments. It isn't about money and it's not about strategy. I think the folks we talked to, they look at what we've created here and they see the value creation potential and they get excited about it. Now I will tell you that this is a fairly small universe of executives we look at. Most of them are working executives that have a job today. There's all kinds of things that come up in these discussions from the time you start until you time you finish. And we just haven't been able to connect on with the right person yet. But we still have a lot of interest about people in it. We're still working actively. But this isn't about us saying we're not going to pay enough money or somebody looks at our strategy and goes, "Gosh, I don't want to be any part of that." It's just -- it's a small universe of executives that really -- because this is something that a company that's large, it's has a lot of complexity but it has a lot of opportunity and we need to have the right person to execute on our strategy.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when I look at the kind of rate base growth numbers you guys talked about on the regulated side, in that 3% to 5% -- or 4% to 5% range, and what you see your equity ownership contributing on the MLP side, can you remind us again, when we look at it on a combined basis, what kind of long-term annualized earnings growth should be produced by CenterPoint going forward?
Scott M. Prochazka: Ali, this is Scott. I think the way I think of this is we've got the earnings contributions of the utility, which are fairly straightforward in terms of how we've communicated our rate base growth and our recovery. And that ends up being in the 3% to 5% type range. And then we've got the earnings contributions associated with the midstream venture. And that is going to have a higher growth rate. But what is the most important from a value creation standpoint is the cash that's generated from the entity and how that manifests itself in our dividend growth profile and -- so I think there's a distinction between the earnings growth rate and the dividend profile that's going to really be the indicator I think that the latter being the indicator of the value that comes from the combined entity.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I see, got it. And last question, just to clarify, David, to your point that you made earlier. So as you look at the Enable assets, did I hear you right, that you've looked at potentially other ways to take it public but feel that the standalone IPO is still the best option? Or did I not hear you right and you're looking at other options besides the standalone IPO? I just want to be clear about what you're saying.
Scott M. Prochazka: Let me just say this, Ali. We are moving ahead full speed on our own IPO and make -- doing it public, but that doesn't rule out any other alternatives, either. We continue to look as we push forward 100%. We are -- if something would come along and we think it's a better alternative, we would execute on that, but we're not going to slow down this term process.
Carla Kneipp: We will now end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott E. Rozzell - Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott Prochazka - Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; Scott Prochazka, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our second quarter 2013 results and provide highlights on other key activities. We also have other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available on CenterPoint Energy's Investor website and will be archived for at least 1 year. And with that, I will turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning marks the first quarter we are reporting the results of our new midstream partnership with OGE Energy. This partnership is an exciting opportunity for CenterPoint, and has the potential for substantial long-term shareholder value creation. We will provide a status update on the partnership's progress, as well as second quarter performance later in the call. Earlier this morning, we reported a second quarter net loss of $100 million or $0.23 per diluted share. Second quarter results included 2 unusual items resulting from the formation of the midstream partnership. The first, related to a $225 million non-cash deferred tax charge, which Gary will speak to later on the call. The second, related to $10 million of expenses that the company incurred in the formation of the midstream partnership. Excluding these 2 unusual items, the second quarter net income would've been $131 million or $0.30 per diluted share, compared to net income of $126 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the same period of 2012. This quarter's performance continues to demonstrate the benefit of CenterPoint's balanced and diversified energy delivery portfolio. Our regulated natural gas distribution unit reported a strong quarter, offsetting the impacts of milder weather on our electric unit. As anticipated, the financial performance of our midstream investments fell below last year's results. Scott is going to speak to the performance of each of our business segments following my remarks. Let me speak to the progress being made at the midstream partnership. Earlier this week, we announced the name of the new partnership, Enable Midstream Partners. This name captures the rich heritage of both CenterPoint and OGE, reinforces our focus on enabling our customer success and reflects our employees' mindset and expertise. Yesterday, we also announced our senior operations leadership team. Up until now, we have continued to operate the former CenterPoint and Enogex businesses as 2 separate businesses within the partnership. We have had a number of teams working diligently on integration efforts, and we now believe it is important that we operate as a single integrated and united company. Keith Mitchell, the former President of Enogex, was named Chief Operating Officer of the midstream partnership. Keith is a very capable and experienced executive and will do a fine job in this role. We also named 8 additional senior officers of the partnership, all are very seasoned and knowledgeable midstream executives. Our search for a chief executive officer is continuing. The most important decision that Pete and I have is this one, and it has our undivided attention. As you know, it is very important to select the right person for the long-term success of the partnership. I'm confident we'll find the right candidate for this role. We have also identified a number of projects that will help us obtain the $50 million of estimated synergies over the next 2 years, as we have previously discussed. A number of these are related to our field operations and are in the process of being implemented. While it will take some time to realize the full potential of this partnership, I'm pleased with our progress to date and the attitude and commitment of our employees to make this partnership successful. Gary will update you on the progress the partnership has made in preparation for its initial public offering. Scott will now update you on the business performance of each unit for the second quarter of 2013.
Scott E. Rozzell: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Houston Electric's second quarter 2013 core operating income was $131 million, compared to $153 million in the prior year. Base revenues were down approximately $21 million due to weather, compared to last year. When compared to normal weather, base revenues were down about $4 million. In addition, economic growth in our service territory and higher net transmission revenues offset increases in O&M, depreciation and lower right-of-way revenues. Overall, this business continues to perform well. Despite the milder-than-normal spring weather, we remain encouraged by the economic activity around the Houston area. We have added over 43,000 customers since the second quarter of 2012, and continue to expect a 2% growth rate, which equates to $25 million of new revenues annually. Our transmission rights-of-way continue to be an attractive route for third-party pipelines to move their commodities to the Houston ship channel. Year-to-date, right-of-way revenue is around $7 million compared to about $19 million last year. By yearend, we anticipate being at about $20 million, well above our normal run rate of $2 million to $3 million per year but below last year's total of $27 million. Houston Electric's capital plan reflects the infrastructure investment needed to support service area growth and system reliability. Through June of 2013, Houston Electric has spent $325 million of capital and expects to deploy approximately $700 million of capital by yearend, of which roughly half is for transmission assets. Our planned 5-year capital investment program of approximately $3 billion results in a compound annual rate base growth of 5%. We continue to be asked how Houston Electric's investments correlates to its earnings growth. We recently filed our 2012 earnings monitoring report, which reflects that we earned, on a weather-normalized basis, above our allowed return, due in part to increased right of way revenues, reduced interest expense and the benefit of bonus depreciation. Our infrastructure recovery mechanisms are designed to ensure timely recovery of our capital investments. In 2013, we do not expect to file for additional rate increases utilizing these mechanisms. Our natural gas distribution unit had an excellent quarter, earning $25 million of operating income compared to $9 million the prior year. Base revenues, net of various weather normalization mechanisms were up $10 million due to weather compared to last year and up about $5 million when compared to normal weather. Timely rate recovery mechanisms along with customer growth and increased throughput resulted in an additional $8 million. These positive contributions were partially offset by increases of $3 million in depreciation, and $2 million in property taxes. Gas operations continues to focus on providing safe and reliable system operations, as well as continued expense management. Pipeline integrity continues to drive a sizable and growing portion of our total capital expenditures and serves to provide a safe and reliable system, as well as reduced operating expenses over time. Excluding the expenses associated with energy efficiency programs, for which we received offsetting revenue, operating expenses remained flat year-over-year, for the quarter and year-to-date. Additionally, our ongoing effective management of credit and collections has enabled us to contain bad debt expenses. Write-offs as a percentage of revenues are at historic lows. We continue to see growth across our service territories, with the addition of about 32,000 gas customers since June of 2012, and forecast growth to continue at a rate of approximately 1% annually. Our capital investment through the second quarter of 2013 was almost $190 million, and we are on track to invest in excess of $420 million by yearend. This level of investment is needed to support increased pipeline integrity requirements and growth from commercial and residential customer classes in our service territories. Our planned 5-year capital investment program of approximately $2 billion results in a compound annual rate base growth of 7%. Competitive natural gas sales and services performed as expected this quarter. Operating income was $3 million compared to an operating loss of $4 million during the same period last year, driven primarily by mark-to-market accounting. This business is now on solid footing, having eliminated most of the uneconomic transportation and storage agreements. Now let me report on our midstream investment. First, I'll remind you that under SEC regulations, we are limited in what we can say about the financial and strategic details of the partnership until we file the S-1 registration statement for the IPO. In April, CenterPoint Energy's Interstate Pipelines and Field Services segments contributed $40 million of operating income. Additionally, in the second quarter, we recognized $37 million of equity income, of which $33 million is from our investment in the midstream partnership and $4 million is from our investment in SESH, our partnership with Spectra. Last year, we owned 100% of CenterPoint's midstream assets, plus a 50% interest in SESH. This year, we are reporting 1 month ownership interest from that same structure, plus 58% of the new partnership for May and June, as well as the 25% ownership we retained in SESH. CenterPoint Energy's earnings contributions from our midstream investment is down by approximately $22 million versus the second quarter of 2012, excluding the impact of any step up in basis of the partnership's assets. Over half of the decline in earnings is driven by changes in market conditions. While natural gas prices and processing volumes are up from last year, gathering volumes in primarily dry gas basins and basis differentials have not recovered. Additionally, liquids pricing and the demand for ancillary services are below last year's levels. These conditions were largely anticipated, and the midstream partnership's results are essentially in line with our expectations. As Gary will describe in more detail, we had a reduction of our state tax liability associated with the formation of the partnership, which more than offset the earnings contribution decline this quarter. Let me update you on a couple items we have discussed in the past. Earlier this month, the partnership received clearance from the Bureau of Land Management for construction of the Bakken crude oil gathering project. The partnership has completed the applicable right of way activity and construction is well underway. You may recall that in August of 2012, the MRT pipeline filed for an approximate $43 million cost of service increase. The partnership is very pleased to have reached the settlement in this rate proceeding and is currently seeking FERC approval. The settlement provides for a $27 million cost of service increase. Overall, despite some challenges, we had a good quarter. Our regulated businesses complemented each other well, and the fundamentals exist for a strong second half of the year. Our midstream investment performed in line with our expectation and continues to pursue value creation through synergy opportunities and growth. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. Let me address some items associated with the partnership's formation before discussing the CenterPoint Energy update. First, I would like to discuss an item that impacts our effective tax rate for the second quarter. The May formation of the partnership required us to record a non-cash deferred tax liability of $225 million or $0.52 per diluted share. This non-cash deferred tax liability is related to the nondeductible goodwill contributed by CenterPoint to the midstream partnership. You may recall that CenterPoint Energy maintained $628 million of goodwill associated with the midstream assets from the original 1997 acquisition of NorAm Energy. In connection with the formation of the partnership on May 1, CenterPoint Energy contributed to goodwill associated with its midstream assets to the partnership. The triggering events that required us to record this onetime non-cash deferred tax liability relates to the deconsolidation from CenterPoint and the recording of our portion of the midstream partnership using the equity method of accounting. In addition, our effective tax rate in the second quarter was favorably impacted by $29 million or approximately $0.07 per diluted share. This tax benefit results from the formation of the midstream partnership and will ultimately result in lower future state tax payments. Next, I would like to discuss the accounting for the midstream partnership. We mentioned on our last earnings call that we did not expect the partnership to record a step up of book basis to fair value in connection with its formation. However, after consultation with the SEC, it has been determined that the partnership will revalue to fair value the net assets of Enogex. There is no cash impact to the midstream partnership or CenterPoint Energy in doing so. As you know, the partnership is planning to conduct an initial public offering as a master limited partnership, and we have been working diligently to do so. We expect the additional valuation work to determine fair value for the net assets of Enogex, and the related audit requirements will extend the timeline for this effort. However, the goal remains to complete the IPO in either the fourth quarter of this year or the first quarter of 2014. Next, I'm going to address some other items related to CenterPoint Energy. First, let me update you on our liability management activity following the receipt of $1.05 billion from the midstream partnership. As I mentioned last quarter, our objective is to use the initial cash received from the midstream partnership to achieve an appropriate capital structure with SERC. During the quarter, we reduced our debt by approximately $525 million, which will result in approximately $38 million of annual interest savings. By yearend, we expect to have reduced consolidated debt by more than $1.1 billion, which will result in an annual interest savings of more than $70 million. Although not impacting our earnings, I would also note that we expect to pay off our first transition securitization bonds later this year, which will lower the charges we bill to retail electric providers in our electric service territory. We received a number of questions regarding our dividend policy, both the timing of the decision to change the policy and the expected amount. As we mentioned in our last earnings call, the additional cash flow generated by the partnership will provide flexibility and allow us to reevaluate future dividend levels and other capital allocation decisions. We will provide an update on our dividend policy early next year. Now let me discuss our earnings -- our 2013 earnings guidance. This morning, we reaffirmed our estimate for earnings on a guidance basis in the range of $1.17 to $1.25 per diluted share. Our guidance excludes the effects of the 2 unusual items resulting from the formation of the midstream partnership. In addition to our normal guidance exclusions described in our press release, this range takes into consideration the closing of the midstream partnership on May 1, the performance to date of our businesses, as well as an estimate of our portion of the partnership's earnings for the balance of 2013. The actual earnings of the partnership will be dependent on a number of variables, the most significant being commodity pricing, volume throughput, ancillary services and the net synergies realized as the partnership's operations are integrated. In addition to the impact of our midstream partnership earnings, we continue to provide earnings guidance in the form of a range to reflect a number of other economic and operational variables such as weather, regulatory proceeding, effective tax rates and financing activities. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2075 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on July 25. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and confidence of management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and I will turn the call back over to the Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. As a reminder, since the midstream partnership plans to pursue an IPO, we are restricted by SEC regulations [indiscernible]. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Sarah?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Matt Tucker with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First question, you indicated that the midstream results were in line with your internal expectations, also that the 2 businesses have been kind of operated independently today. Is that -- is it true that both businesses performed in line with expectations? Or could you talk a little bit about individually how they compared to what you were expecting?
David M. McClanahan: Matt, this is David. No, we were talking about the total partnership. Each business was really pretty close to plan. We expected liquids prices to drop and they did. We expected that ancillary services were going to be challenging and they were. So I think that both businesses operated pretty close to the plans we put together earlier this year.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the ongoing search for a CEO for the business, could you give us a little flavor for what type of qualities or background you're looking for? And do you have any kind of timeline that you can share with us at this point?
David M. McClanahan: Well, we clearly want a seasoned executive that it can come in and help integrate and unite these 2 companies. We're looking for a seasoned executive in the midstream business who knows the energy business and that is a leader. And so we have lots of candidates we've been talking to, including some internal candidates. Lots of interest in this position, as you would expect. But this is a really important decision for us because we're going to operate this thing for the long term, not the short term. And so we're looking for a leader that's really going to help us get and create long-term value for both -- all the owners of the partnership. So timeline, we're going at this as fast as we can, but we're not going to make a decision just to make it. We're going to make it when we believe we have the right person to run the partnership.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just one quick follow-up and sorry if I missed this. Was there an update on the expected timing of the S-1 filing?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. We expect, again, that we would file the S-1 in the fourth quarter -- hopefully, in the fourth quarter, late third quarter or the fourth quarter. In terms of the timing of the IPO, again, that depends on the review process of the SEC.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: My first question is kind of following up on the timing. If I heard you correctly, you said that early next year, you'll talk about the CenterPoint dividend policy. Can you maybe elaborate would the magnitude of the increase depend on whether or not the IPO has been completed?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. Look, the way we're thinking about this is that we want to file the S-1. We want to obviously file the S-1, really understand the cash flows that we'll have from the joint venture. Also this fall, as you would expect, we go through our normal process of looking at the capital that we'll allocate to our businesses, both the electric and the gas utilities. So it's really understanding our capital allocation opportunities, the dividend policy is part of that. And of course, historically, we've been allocating capital to the midstream business in the future subsequent to the IPO or even before the IPO, ultimately, we'll receive cash from the joint venture. So we're taking all of that, Andrew, into consideration in determining the dividend level. We think the appropriate time to do that is really after the first few years. I said, we hope to do the IPO as soon as possible. Again, we'll file the S-1 as soon as possible and hope to have a review of that and go to market as soon as possible. We hope that's going to be this year, if not in the first quarter of next year. I think having clarity around those items will be important in terms of making the dividend decisions, which is part of our capital allocation. So I think that's the color around it, Andrew.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Now if the IPO isn't done by the time you make your dividend decision, which you typically announce in mid-January, would it be possible to have a 2-step increase in the dividend during the next calendar year? Or will it be a decision in January, then the following decision wouldn't be until 12 months later?
Gary L. Whitlock: I'm not going to get in front of the board on that. I think that certainly, the IPO is important. But again, the JV in terms of the cash flows we'll have on the JV is really the clarity around their capital plan and with their investment plan. So I won't speak to whether it's going to be 1-step or 2-step, but clearly, we have the flexibility to rewrite the dividend, and again, that's going to be a part of a holistic decision around our capital allocation opportunities.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Fair enough. I guess we have to be a little more patient. Then just 2 very quick ones on the electric utility. I believe you said you don't expect to file for a rate increase during '13. In the past, you said for the next few years or the foreseeable future, is that a change in your tone of when the next rate case may come?
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott, let me take that one. The statement I made was referencing the use of those mechanisms for asset recovery. I was not referencing a full-blown rate case. That's the distinction there. We just don't intend to use -- file this year for using those mechanisms. And the comment about a rate proceeding being a little further out is still very valid.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Then lastly, you mentioned 2% customer growth. What are the latest trends you're seeing in terms of usage per account or overall load growth?
Scott Prochazka: Usage is holding about even. We've seen a little bit of decline in the past and then it seems to have leveled out here lately. So I'd say it's about flat to what we've -- and that's been our expectation and that's what we're actually experiencing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: A couple of things. First, just the state tax gain that you noted, is that something that was in the guidance plan from when you updated it on the transaction?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. Certainly, our state taxes, Steve, are one of the items that we all call a variable that we outlined. And again, the background of this, when we formed the joint venture, as you know, we look at our state taxes, both current and deferred, each quarter, and we have to adjust for that. When we formed the joint venture, that allowed, if you will, looking at both the allocations and the construct of the determination of those rates, and that allowed us to adjust our deferred taxes related to then forming the joint venture. And again, those deferred taxes do result in cash-reduced state tax payments.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then, also, just with the change in the step up accounting can -- does that have any implication for kind of the guidance you gave for the venture as well in terms of, I guess, equity earnings?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, really the step up is not going to make any difference in terms of the way we're going to record earnings. I'd say the way -- the amount of equity earnings, it's either going to be additional depreciation coming from the joint venture or a change in the amortization that we have at the company. So there's really no cash impact or change.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. But there could be some book impact or not that either?
Gary L. Whitlock: I'd say potential book impact but I don't expect it to be material.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then, is there any maybe possibility to update potential growth investment opportunities in the business right now, in terms of the midstream business?
David M. McClanahan: Steven, we're a little bit hampered by what we can say because of the S-1 filing, which we hope to be doing here. I will say, just generally, there's lots of activity still in the wet basins that are in -- that the partnership both processes gas out of and gathers. So lots of activity. We're pursuing a lot of activity. But we can't give any specific details around any basin right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, Steve just kind of touched on the question from a step up standpoint. But maybe one sort of associated question is will that allow you to basically have a higher deferral of the distributions you get? I just want to make sure I understand that there isn't any tax impact?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary, Carl. This is really not a tax -- this is really doing -- this is related to the book accounting for the joint venture. This is really around GAAP accounting for the joint venture. So it's not really going to have an impact on -- as I said, cash or economic impact up to the joint venture.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Let me go about a question that was just asked with respect to the projects you're working on, realizing that you're restricted until the S-1 filing. But I suspect that losing the Florida pipeline RFP was, to the home team, was a disappointment, but not totally unexpected. Is there anything out there in the public domain that you can talk about on big RFPs like that, that you're thinking about working on, are working on?
David M. McClanahan: Charles, that's probably the biggest one. Obviously that was a $3 billion pipeline. And you're right, we are very disappointed. We put a lot of work into that. But that's the way things go sometimes. But there's not anything comparable to that, that I'm aware of, on the pipeline side.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just to go back to the accounting, just to make sure I have this right. I realize these were non-cash charges, they're just GAAP. But as far as your expectations of the midstream transaction not being accretive to 2015, that doesn't change that at all, does it?
David M. McClanahan: No, that doesn't change at all, Charles.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Gary, I apologize, I got on the call late, so you may have addressed this. But if I look at your adjusted earnings, both for the quarter and the range -- guidance range for the year that you've kept. Can you remind us what is the effective tax rate that is associated with those on the adjusted basis?
Gary L. Whitlock: Okay. Yes. I think, the way to -- and you may have missed this early, but you need to exclude the $225 million deferred tax provision in terms of the effective tax rate for the quarter. So when you exclude that, that effective rate is 13%. Then that's lower than the statutory rate, of course, which is normally 36% to 37%. And the reason for that, we recorded in this quarter $29 million benefit related to lowered state deferred taxes. And those lower state deferred taxes again will ultimately -- those deferred taxes will ultimately result in lower payments, cash payments. So if you were to adjust both of those, it would be a 33% rate. For the balance of the year, our rate will return to more normal rate, I'm going to say circa 36% to 37%. So for the full year, you can expect a tax rate of about 32% to 33% for the full year. And again, I want to emphasize that the $29 million lower state deferred tax is a different item than the $225 million. The $225 million is the onetime non-cash deferred tax. The lower deferred taxes on the state taxes is the result of formation of the partnership, and again, will result in lower taxes going forward. And by the way, it could have gone the other way, depending on, again, on the construct of the way you calculate state taxes. We look at this each quarter.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then, secondly, I understand you guys have that -- and I heard your discussion on dividend and your plans post IPO, et cetera, to clarify. But conceptually -- historically, we've talked about a dividend on an earnings payout ratio. Conceptually, how should we be thinking of this dividend for the new CenterPoint going forward?
David M. McClanahan: I'll take a shot at that because Gary and I talk about that a lot. And that is part of the regulated businesses, I think, still a dividend payout policy based on earnings is appropriate. But I think, for the cash flow we're going to get from our interest in the partnership, we have to think about that differently. Obviously, we need to look at how we can use that cash, whether it's investing in our core businesses or paying out dividends or buying back stock or something of that nature, we will. But I think, you do you need to look at the 2 pieces of our business different than we have in the past.
Gary L. Whitlock: And Ali, this is Gary, just to continue on that vein. One of the earlier question was around the timing. And again, we really want to have this fall, as we go through our normal process of cap allocation understanding the opportunities we have to invest in our businesses, really understand that better and then have a real clear view, hopefully, again, as I mentioned earlier in the call, that we'll file the S-1 as early as this fall, and hopefully have the IPO done, but hopefully no later than the first quarter, we'd like as much clarity as possible as we make the decision on how much of our capital to allocate to the dividend, how much to allocate to direct share repurchases. But most importantly, we hope that we can invest -- continue to invest in our businesses. So that's the reason for the timing, if you will, on the dividend.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Understood. Makes sense. Last question if I could. Am I hearing you guys right that on the regulated businesses, both at the electric and gas LDCs, you're pretty much earning authorized returns, you're not seeing any lags in any of those businesses?
Scott Prochazka: Ali, this is Scott. Yes, I think, your assumption there is pretty good. We are -- both of those businesses are earning right around their allowed return across the gas properties in aggregate, as well as in the electric area.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: As a follow-up to the capital deployment discussion. As you look out over the next few years, I know you've already ramped investment plans at the utility, I'm curious if you see any additional organic growth opportunities beyond the current CapEx guidance? And then, separately, how you're thinking about utility, M&A opportunities and the parameters that you use to evaluate acquisitions.
David M. McClanahan: Scott, why don't you handle the organic question? And I'll take the M&A.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. Sarah, we're in the process now of going through our next cycle of planning, where we look at capital requirements for the next 5-year period. But the growth that we've seen in Houston to date, it stays still very strong. It's possible, as we refresh these, that we may see opportunities for additional investment related to growth. One area that is a possibility that's not reflected in our plan is the potential for investment in some import capacity into the Houston area, where we've now -- where we're now working with ERCOT to complete the study about the need for that. And the timing for that particular opportunity would be towards the latter end of the next 5-year period. So it is possible there is additional opportunities for investment in that area.
David M. McClanahan: And on the M&A front, Sarah, we continue to look at opportunities. We'd love to grow our regulated utilities, whether it's gas or electric. That's our core business and we like to grow it. Recognizing, as you do, that when you pay premiums for utilities, you have to make sure that it's accretive and value-accretive to your shareholder because you can't recover the premiums back through rights. So it's a little bit more difficult in a regulated business to do M&A because of the kind of the rate treatment, but we are active in doing that. As you know, we did acquire NorAm some years ago in a transaction and we continue to be interested in this space.
Carla Kneipp: And with that, we do not have any additional questions, so we will end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support and have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-02 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott Prochazka - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven Gambuzza Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; Scott Prochazka, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our first quarter 2013 results and provide highlights on other key activities. We also have other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available on CenterPoint Energy's Investor website and will be archived for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported first quarter 2013 net income of $147 million or $0.34 per diluted share, the same as reported in the first quarter of last year. Operating income for the first quarter of 2013 was $332 million compared to $338 million last year. Overall, it was a good quarter for our balanced business portfolio. Our Regulated Natural Gas Distribution unit benefited from a return to more normal winter weather, continued strong service territories and timely rate recovery mechanisms. Our Field Services unit continues to benefit from its contracting strategy and earnings from recent acquisitions. Our Competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services unit also performed well. The improved results of these units largely offset anticipated declines in our electric utility and Interstate Pipelines. I am pleased to report that we closed yesterday on our midstream partnership, which, as you may recall, combines our Interstate Pipelines and Field Services units with Enogex, OGE's midstream business. We believe the combination of our 2 midstream businesses will provide accelerated value creation through greater scale, geographic reach, diversification and expanded service capabilities. We believe we can grow faster and capture more midstream opportunities as a combined entity than we could have alone. We are eager to transform our 2 organizations into 1 business and to now begin to capture commercial and operating synergies and jointly pursue the significant opportunities we seek for this partnership. We are conducting a thorough evaluation of both internal and external candidates for our key leadership positions, and that process is well underway. We have formed a program management office comprised of functional and business leaders from both CenterPoint Energy and Enogex to develop and implement comprehensive long-term integration plans. These efforts can accelerate now that the partnership has been formed. While our leadership team is being assembled and our integration activities progress, day-to-day operations of the partnership will be conducted by existing management. Our plans for an initial public offering in the form of a public master limited partnership are on track, and we hope to complete these efforts within the next 6 to 12 months. Under SEC regulations, we are limited in what we can say about the financial and strategic details of the partnership until an S-1 registration statement for the IPO is filed with the SEC. However, there are some questions we can address at this time. A number of you have asked about our intentions with regard to ongoing ownership in the MLP. We fully intend to maintain ownership in the midstream partnership. A diverse and balanced business mix remains important to CenterPoint, and participating in the ongoing development of the U.S. natural gas and liquids infrastructure is consistent with our energy delivery strategy. We have also been asked about CenterPoint's dividend policy going forward. We know our dividend is an important component of the total return expected by our shareholders. We believe the additional cash flow generated by the partnership will provide flexibility as we evaluate future dividend levels and capital allocation decisions. We also continue to receive questions about the accounting for the partnership. First, CenterPoint does not expect to record a step up of book basis in connection with the partnership's formation. And second, we expect to record our portion of the midstream partnership's earning using the equity method of accounting. Let me conclude by reiterating how excited we are about this partnership. We believe the partnership will create long-term value and significant cash flows for CenterPoint. Going forward, we expect that CenterPoint will not be valued on an earnings basis alone. Instead, we anticipate our regulated operations as well as our GP ownership will be valued on an earnings multiple basis, while our LP interest in the midstream partnership will be valued consistent with the public valuation of the partnership following its IPO. We believe this will provide a more transparent valuation for CenterPoint as a whole. I'll now ask Scott to update you on the business performance of each unit for the first quarter of 2013.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Starting with Houston Electric. Core operating income was $49 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to $70 million the prior year. While revenue from customer growth remained strong from the addition of over 44,000 customers, other factors, particularly the timing of right-of-way revenues, caused a decline in our year-over-year performance. We also experienced slightly higher operating expenses, depreciation and other taxes. Some of these impacts are timing-related and are expected to reverse over the balance of the year. The Houston area remains a leader in job creation, with metropolitan job growth outpacing the nation as a whole. We continued to enjoy a steady commercial growth and strong housing starts. As a result, we have forecasted a customer growth rate of approximately 2% annually. I am particularly pleased with the first quarter performance of our Natural Gas Distribution unit. Operating income was $139 million compared to $121 million the prior year. This unit benefited from a return to more normal weather, timely rate recovery from existing mechanisms, effective bad debt management and continued customer growth with the addition of more than 29,000 customers. Our Interstate Pipelines achieved income from operations, including equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, of $57 million in the first quarter of 2013, down from $66 million last year. Factors driving this decline include reduced ancillary services and lower off-system transportation revenues. Compressed basis contributed to a reduction in pricing and volumes on some contract renewals. Operating income increased by approximately $5 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. This increase is driven by the seasonality in demand charges associated with our natural gas distribution customer contracts. Equity income from SESH was $5 million for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $6 million the previous year, down slightly due to unplanned pipeline maintenance. As you may recall, in August of 2012, we filed to adjust rates for our MRT pipeline. The FERC staff and other participants in the docket have filed initial testimony. In the absence of a settlement, the FERC procedural schedule contemplates a hearing in the third quarter of this year with a decision expected by year end. Our field services unit had a solid quarter. Income from operations was $53 million this quarter as compared to $50 million last year, which included $3 million of equity earnings from the Waskom joint venture. This improvement was driven by earnings from acquisitions made in 2012, throughput commitments and higher natural gas pricing on the sale of retained gas. These benefits were partially offset by reduced gathering volumes and lower liquids pricing. Our total natural gas gathering volumes averaged about 2.1 billion cubic feet per day in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to 2.6 Bcf per day in the first quarter of last year and 2.2 Bcf per day last quarter. Given lower volumes, we continue to see the benefit of our contracting strategy of throughput commitments and guaranteed returns. Last month, we signed a 15-year agreement to provide gas and oil gathering services in the Bakken shale region for XTO, a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil. This project, which is included in our midstream partnership, is expected to cost between $100 million and $125 million. With the benefit of annual and term volume commitments, we expect to generate returns in line with our target midstream hurdle rate. Today, trucks are the primary source of transportation for gathered project -- products in this region. Gathering infrastructure will give customers a safer and more efficient and reliable way to move their products to centralized transportation hubs. Survey, permit and right-of-way work have been substantially completed by our team, and we are preparing to begin construction in early summer. We are excited about this opportunity for our midstream partnership as we move into an underdeveloped area outside our current footprint with a top producer with whom we have a great, long-standing relationship. We believe our past performance as a safe, on-budget and on-time service provider helps to differentiate us from our competition and positions us to expand in this and other emerging crude oil and liquids rich shale plays. Our final segment is our Competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services business. Operating income for the first quarter of 2013 was $7 million compared to $1 million last year. After adjusting for a $4 million mark-to-market change, the results improved by $10 million over the first quarter of 2012. This business is benefiting from improved margins. In summary, I am pleased with the overall first quarter results and excited about what lies ahead. We will work diligently to ensure our businesses perform as expected as we continue to look for investment opportunities. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. Let me first update you on the status of financing of the midstream partnership. We are very pleased to say that working with our partners at OGE, we have arranged 2 very successful credit facilities. At closing, the partnership entered into a $1.4 billion revolving credit facility and a 3-year $1.05 billion term loan. The revolver will be available to meet the ongoing liquidity needs of the partnership, and the term loan was used to repay intercompany loans to SERC. We expect the partnership to have investment-grade credit ratings, and the initial drawn and undrawn costs are at attractive rates. Turning to other financing activities at CenterPoint. We paid off 2 series of outstanding debt at maturity thus far this year. First, Houston Electric repaid, on March 15, $450 million of debt carrying an interest rate of 5.7%, resulting in interest expense savings of approximately $25 million annually. Second, in anticipation of our midstream partnership, on April 1, we repaid $365 million of 7 7/8% SERC notes, resulting in interest expense savings of approximately $29 million annually. SERC will utilize the payment it has received from the midstream partnership to achieve an appropriate capital structure to support our portfolio of natural gas distribution and competitive gas sales and services businesses. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2013. This morning, in our earnings release, we announced revised earnings guidance in the range of $1.17 to $1.25 per diluted share. This guidance range takes into consideration the closing of our midstream partnership on May 1, the performance to date of our businesses, as well as an estimate of our portion of the partnership's earnings for the balance of 2013. The actual earnings of the partnership will be dependent on a number of variables, the most significant being commodity prices, volume throughput and the net synergies realized as the partnership's operations are integrated. We expect the impact of the midstream partnership on CenterPoint's EPS to be accretive by 2015, if not earlier. In addition to the impact of our midstream partnership earnings, we continue to provide earnings guidance in the form of a range to reflect the number of other economic and operational variables such as weather, regulatory proceedings, effective tax rates and financing activities. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Finally, I would like to remind you of the $0.2075 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 25. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence of management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. Please note, since we plan to pursue an IPO of our midstream partnership, we are restricted by SEC regulations in the details that we can discuss. [Operator Instructions]. Sarah?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to be clear, the $0.05 reduction in guidance for this year, is that primarily almost due to the near-term dilution from the MLP formation? Is that the way we should think about it? Is the $0.05 essentially coming from there?
David M. McClanahan: I think that is the right way to think about it, yes, Ali.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, should we think, I mean, given Gary's remarks, that we should see a kind of a similar impact, perhaps in '14, before the accretion comes into play in '15? Is that the profile that roughly we should think about?
David M. McClanahan: I think you're going to -- this dilution will decline next year, and then it'll be accretive in 2015 based on our assumptions today. We have some things, and hopefully, we'll be able to win some additional business that will actually change that profile and make it a lot quicker than the base case we're looking at. But it's going to -- the dilutive effect is going to be less next year, and then it will be -- we believe it'll be accretive in 2015.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Yes, and my second question. David, previously you had highlighted, I think, about $500 million of excess cash at CenterPoint. I just wanted to get a sense of what that number would be right now. And given this MLP formation, I'm assuming that cash is now available for CenterPoint to use for different areas than just building out its midstream operation. So I'm just wondering what your priority would be for that excess cash now?
Gary L. Whitlock: You want me to take that?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, Gary wants it.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, I'll take that, Ali. Look, as I said in my comments, as you know, we have paid down some debt, so we have used essentially all of the cash that we had, although we were in an invested position at the end of March. So we have used that cash. And then this year, as we formed -- until we do the IPO, we may have some additional cash that we inject into the joint venture, depending on the timing of the CapEx there and the IPO. So I want you to think of the cash as, effectively, that we've had, historically over the last couple of years or 18 months or so, we've applied that cash, mainly to invest in some debt paydown.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Tucker with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just a clarification on the timeframe you gave for the IPO. I heard 6 to 12 months. Was that for a completion of the IPO process? And if so, do you have an expected time frame for the S-1 filing?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, it is for a completion. We are working hard at that as we speak. We're going to try to get the S-1 on file later on this year. I -- we'd like to shoot for the September timeframe or late summer. And it takes time to get all this stuff through the SEC and review, and then make sure the markets are right as well. But we're going to do that as quickly as we can to make sure we get the right value for it as well.
Matthew P. Tucker - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Great. And then on the electric side, you called out some expenses that you expect to kind of reverse as the year progresses. Can you elaborate a little bit on that?
David M. McClanahan: Scott?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Matt, this is Scott. I'll take that one. The delta we saw in performance quarter-over-quarter was driven by a couple of major things, one of which was the timing of the right-of-way. That was almost half of that delta, and the cause of that is, last year, in the first quarter, about half of the right-of-way revenue we received in the year came in the first quarter, whereas this year, the right-of-way revenue is going to be skewed more towards the middle to the back end, so the quarter-over-quarter comparison was different by about half of that delta you saw. And on the other side of it, we saw some expenses that are going to be -- are going to reverse as we go through the year. Some of it has to do with the fact that we've spent a little bit less capital than we had planned in this first quarter, and as we spend more capital to make up our full budget, we'll make up some of that expense delta.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Lower gathering volumes for Field Services. I would have thought with the uptick in natural gas prices, maybe we would have seen an increase in that. Could you give a little more color on that?
David M. McClanahan: I'll ask Greg Harper to address that.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. With the increase in gas prices that we saw kind of going into the quarter, we are seeing the rigs move back into our drier gas plays, Haynesville in particular. So we think we'll start seeing the uptick from those rigs coming in the second and third quarter, for sure.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on -- just one more quick one on the right-of-way. I understand the timing issue. But in the fourth quarter, you indicated that the right-of-way revenues would be well above historical. That's still the case, correct?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, that is the case. We expect that the right-of-way revenues will be kind of well above that fairly low historical number, closer to what we experienced last year in terms of overall magnitude for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just first, could you give us a sense on the likely timing of the new management team at the MLP entity? Is this something over the next couple of weeks? Is it going to take a few months?
David M. McClanahan: Well, Steve, we're -- as I said in my direct remarks, we're working hard at that. We actually -- this thing closed a little bit faster than we thought. We had kind of targeted, early on, an early June close rather than May. But once everything cleared, we were anxious to get it closed. So I would say, we're shooting as quickly as possible, certainly within the next 30 to 60 days.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then on -- maybe, David, you could give us a little color, strategically, for the rest of CenterPoint outside the MLP? What are you going to be thinking about in terms of strategic focus? You have more cash coming in, et cetera. Could you just give a little color there?
David M. McClanahan: Two comments there, Steven. First, as you know, we're very fortunate to have terrific service territories for our existing businesses. Our organic growth is robust. Our Houston Electric, we should see rate base growth there of 5%. And our gas LDCs will -- that will approach 7% over the next 5 years. So we're going to have good, healthy growth in our existing businesses. We are also looking to say, can we increase that regulated footprint? We would love to do that. We continue to analyze that and see what makes sense, and we'll continue to do that, and as you know, and it's hard to do a regulated M&A deal, but that's -- but they're not impossible, and we continue to work hard to see if anything might make sense that can create value for our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Anot (sic) [Tonet] with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Jeremy Tonet. I was just curious, with gas above $4, if you could comment more -- maybe more specifically on the Haynesville, if you're seeing any improvements in driller activity there? And also, it seems like basis differentials might be starting to improve a bit. Do you see any benefits to your Interstate Pipeline system?
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, this is Greg. As I mentioned on a previous answer, the Haynesville, and as we talked about in the first quarter -- the first quarter during the year-end call, Encana has announced, along with Shell, that they're moving up to 5 rigs back into the Haynesville. We've already seen 1 rig move over, so that makes a total of 3 drillings, so we expect 5 by the end of year, if not more, if gas prices keep going up. So again, they just need to bring those wells on through the next quarter and third quarter. As far as basis differentials, we're not seeing the big spreads -- we're not seeing big spreads. Going from negative $0.01 to $0.02 is not going to drive a lot of movement yet. We need to get $0.20, $0.30 to see, I think, good improvement.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Eli Kraicer with Millennium.
Steven Gambuzza: It's Steve Gambuzza. Just on the tax rate, I believe that you'd -- on your fourth quarter call, you had guided for a 30% -- 37% effective tax rate for 2013. I believe you came in a bit below that in the first quarter, and I was just curious what the update for the transaction, if there was any change in that tax rate.
Gary L. Whitlock: Steve, this is Gary. No, there's not -- we would expect a 37% tax rate, still stay around that. A little movement between quarter, but stay with 37%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sarah Akers with Wells Fargo.
Sarah Akers - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned the potential for additional midstream opportunities. Can you provide an update on RFPs, either specific opportunities or more generally on the landscape, if it's heating up at all or if RFPs continue to be pushed out?
C. Gregory Harper: Sure. This is Greg, again. I'll talk pipelines first. And I think we mentioned on the last call that we were preparing to place our bid into the Florida Power & Light RFP that they're having for a big major new pipeline into Florida. We did do that. So they're -- I think they mentioned on their earnings call that they'll be evaluating those and, hopefully, have a second round by August. We're in discussions with them on our proposal, as I'm sure others are. But we feel good about what we've put together. On the field services side, as we mentioned on the Bakken information and Scott actually addressed in his comments, we see Bakken as -- this is not just a one-off investment. We see a lot of investment opportunity in the Bakken. We're one of the first independent gatherers of crude up in the Bakken, and we'd like to obviously leverage off that footprint. And we think there are potential other smaller systems that producers have been putting together. Now they're up for sale or will be. Mississippi Lime, in connection with the partnership, we know our partner, OGE and Enogex, are in some RFPs right around the Mississippi lime footprint, and we'll be excited to kind of start participating with them in that, with providing some exit capacity on our interstate pipes, so we see that as a great opportunity for us first coming together. Same thing with maybe in the Woodford area as well. And then we're also -- there will still be some other Mississippi Lime RFPs coming out in the more northern area of the Mississippi Lime, we think, in mid-summer.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-27 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott Prochazka - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, very much, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. This is Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Welcome you to our Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; Scott Prochazka, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2012 results, and provide highlights on other key activities. We also have other members of management who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release, Form 10-K and supplemental materials are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. Supplemental materials are for informational purposes and we will not be referring to them during the prepared remarks. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Wednesday, March 6. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406, and enter the conference ID number 71670374. You can also listen to an online replay on our website and we will archive the call for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported full year earnings of $417 million or $0.97 per diluted share as compared to $1.36 billion or $3.17 per diluted share in 2011. I'd like to remind you of the unusual items that occurred during each year. In 2012, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge, as well as a non-cash pretax gain from an acquisition. In 2011, we recorded the results of the final resolution of our true-up appeal. Excluding the effects of these unusual items, net income for 2012 would have been $581 million or $1.35 per diluted share, compared to $546 million or $1.27 per diluted share in 2011. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full year adjusted earnings would have been $1.25 per diluted share in 2012, compared to $1.20 for 2011. Our regulated electric and gas utilities benefited from strong service territories, timely rate recovery mechanisms and effective expense management. Our Midstream and Energy Services businesses performed well, given the current market environment of low natural gas prices and minimal geographic price differentials. Our financial results once again highlight the strength of our balanced energy delivery portfolio. We are looking forward to another good year in 2013. We are stronger financially than we've ever been and have good investment opportunities across all of our businesses. Last year, we celebrated our 10th anniversary as a standalone independent public company. When we first became CenterPoint Energy, we indicated we would focus on domestic energy delivery with a balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas businesses. Further, we committed to building a company that provides a competitive dividend with growth. 10 years later, we are proud of our accomplishments and remain committed to these objectives. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the employees who have made the past 10 years a success. I am very proud that our employees stayed focused on and believed in the vision, values and strategy that have come to define us. Without their hard work and dedication, we would not be where we are today. Now I'll ask Scott Prochazka, our Chief Operating Officer, to update you on our business unit performance and our expectations for 2013.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. I will start with our largest business, Houston Electric, which had a good year. Core operating income was $492 million compared to $496 million in 2011. The modest decline was due to more normal weather when compared to the extreme heat we experienced in the prior year, as well as the adverse effects from new rates implemented in September of 2011. These impacts were almost entirely offset by a number of positive factors, including a continued strong Houston economy marked by the addition of more than 44,000 new metered customers, ongoing recognition of deferred equity returns associated with the company's true-up proceeds and decreased labor and benefit costs. Right-of-way revenues approached $27 million, which is substantially above historical levels of $2 million to $3 million per year. The increased interest in our right-of-way easements is another sign of the strong economic activity in Houston. Our gas LDCs also had a good year. Operating income in 2012 was equal to that of 2011 at $226 million, despite record mild temperatures in the first quarter of 2012. Over the year, weather negatively impacted this unit by about $47 million compared to the prior year. We were able to mitigate approximately $26 million of the weather impact through our use of a financial hedge and weather normalization rate adjustments. We were able to offset the remaining weather effects through reduced operations and maintenance expenses, lower bad debt expense, the addition of more than 22,000 customers and the effects of other rate adjustments. Now let me turn to our midstream businesses. Our Interstate Pipelines achieved operating results, including equity income from SESH, of $233 million last year, down from $269 million the previous year. The decline was due to a backhaul contract that expired during 2011, as well as the associated reduction in compressor efficiency on our Carthage to Perryville pipeline. Other factors included low commodity prices and significantly compressed basis, which contributed to lower off-system transportation revenues, lower seasonal and market-sensitive transportation contracts and reduced ancillary services. Equity income from SESH was $26 million for 2012, compared to $21 million the previous year. This increase reflects the full year benefit of a restructured long-term agreement with an existing anchor shipper. Our Field Services unit had a strong year. Full year operating income was $214 million compared to $189 million the previous year. This improvement was driven by increased margins from gathering projects, guaranteed returns and throughput commitments in our contracts, and acquisitions made in 2012. Our total gathering throughput increased approximately 9% compared to the previous year. These benefits were partially offset by the lower contribution of sales from retained gas as a result of lower commodity prices. Our final segment is our Competitive Gas Sales and Services business. Setting aside the goodwill impairment charge in the third quarter, this business performed better in 2012 as compared to the prior year. In 2012, we continued to adapt this business to new market realities by focusing on retail, commercial and industrial customers. This business is benefiting from a strategic reduction of uneconomic fixed cost transportation and storage agreements, as well as a 14% increase in our customer base. Now I would like to discuss 2013 and give you some insight into each business unit's prospects. Houston Electric is fortunate to have a robust and growing service territory. We estimate that annual customer growth will continue at around 2%. This level of growth should add approximately $25 million in base revenues. We expect 2013 revenue from right-of-way to remain above historical levels. You may recall that we recognized all revenue from these leases in the year each agreement is signed. Future right-of-way revenues will depend on subsequent economic activity in our service territory, particularly around the Houston Ship Channel. This year, we expect our capital investment in this business will exceed $700 million. Future capital expenditures are expected to range between $500 million and $700 million annually, and produce annual average rate base growth of approximately 5%. This capital will be used to help improve service reliability and system resiliency, upgrade our systems to enhance customer service, and support normal load growth and system maintenance. Our vibrant service territory and rate recovery mechanisms should allow us to earn our authorized rate of return the next several years. Turning now to our gas operations group. We expect 2013 to be another good year. We will continue to execute our strategy of improving operational efficiency, as well as implementing new and innovative rate mechanisms. A number of our jurisdictions now have annual mechanisms, which provide more timely recovery of capital investment or adjust for deviations from normal weather, or both. In addition, some jurisdictions have adopted rate designs that decouple the recovery of our revenue requirements from the volumes of gas sales. These mechanisms are a more efficient form of regulation that emphasizes audit-based procedures and requires less expensive and time-consuming litigation. In 2012, revenue increased approximately $37 million as a result of the successful implementation of this rate strategy. In this business, we anticipate investing, on average, $400 million of capital per year over the next 5 years, much of which we expect to recover through annual mechanisms. Capital investment will be primarily for growth, system modernization and safety-related infrastructure, which results in annual average rate base growth of approximately 7%. Switching to Interstate Pipelines. Low natural gas prices and compressed basis differentials are expected to continue to impact this business. We anticipate the third and fourth quarter of 2012 results to represent a more normalized performance level in this environment. Our pipelines capital budget for 2013 is approximately $200 million and will be used primarily for pipeline maintenance, line replacements and pipeline safety and integrity projects. Our pipelines remain highly subscribed at around 95%. Nearly 40% of our contracted demand is to serve the LDC and industrial load near our pipelines. As we have indicated in the past, we are seeking rate adjustments for our MRT and CEGT pipeline, and are continuing customer settlement discussions. From a market perspective, while a construction of a large expansion in our footprint is less likely given current market conditions, we do see interest in expanding services to our producer customers in the form supply laterals, and of course, we continue to pursue market opportunities on or near our pipelines, with particular focus on power generation load. Moving to our Field Services business. In 2013, we expect to see continued opportunities to expand our geographic footprint and service offerings. On February 19, we announced a binding open season to develop and operate a crude oil gathering system in North Dakota's liquid-rich Bakken shale. The open season will remain active through March 29, and our expectation is that we will have signed an agreement with a major producer by that time. Our Field Services capital budget for 2013 is approximately $270 million, with more than 3/4 allocated to growth projects. We will continue to look for other growth opportunities both in and outside of our current footprint. Natural gas gathering volumes averaged about 2.5 billion cubic feet per day in 2012. While we have seen some recent announcements of increased rig counts in dry gas areas, we expect our volumes to remain at these levels in 2013. Given lower commodity prices, we continue to see the benefit of our contracting strategy of throughput commitments and guaranteed rates of return. Although we increased our processing activity through acquisitions, today, it represents less than 15% of our overall margin contribution within Field Services. Further, 50% to 60% of that processing capability is volumetric based fee -- or volumetric fee-based and not subject to commodity risks. As a rule of thumb, we estimate that our sensitivity to changes in the price of natural gas liquids is approximately $3 million in revenue for every $0.10 change in natural gas liquids pricing. Finally, our Competitive Gas Sales and Services business will continue to focus on expanding its customer base, reducing fixed costs, and growing product and service offerings. We expect 2013 performance to be an improvement over 2012. Reflecting on our 2012 performance, I'm pleased with the results we achieved. I'm optimistic about our prospects for 2013, and we will work diligently to ensure our businesses perform as expected. Further, we will continue to look for opportunities to invest where we believe we can create value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. As David mentioned in his remarks, we are very pleased to have celebrated our 10-year anniversary at CenterPoint Energy. As you all know, at the formation of our company in October of 2002, we were very highly leveraged with limited financial flexibility. However, since that time, we have worked diligently to recapitalize our company, and today, we have a strong balance sheet and solid investment grade credit ratings. The 2013 capital plan, as Scott discussed, totals approximately $1.7 billion. Our cash on hand, internally generated cash and other liquidity sources will fund this capital plan. In addition, to ensure we align the Houston Electric capital structure to the capital structure approved in its last rate proceedings, our 2013 financing plan will include the repayment of $450 million of maturing debt at Houston Electric in March of this year. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2013. This morning, in our earnings release, we announced guidance in the range of $1.22 to $1.30 per diluted share. This guidance range takes into consideration a number of economic and operational variables that may impact our actual 2013 earnings performance. The most significant variables we consider for our annual guidance are commodity prices, volume throughput, weather, regulatory proceedings and our effective tax rate, and we have developed our guidance range by using a combination of these variables. We have assumed natural gas pricing in 2013 of approximately $3.50 per MMBtu and $0.95 per gallon for our mix of natural gas liquids. In addition, we have assumed a return to a more normal effective tax rate of approximately 37%, an average share count of approximately 430 million, as well as lower interest expense. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Finally, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2075 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 25. This marks the 8th consecutive year that we have increased our dividend. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders, and the confidence of management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now, let me thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and I will turn the call back over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Gary. [Operator Instructions] Sarah, would you please give the instructions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: First question, and don't want to read too much into this, but just noticed that in the guidance for 2013, you guys are putting out an $0.08 spread versus, I think, what we started with this time last year, with maybe a wider $0.12 spread, and again, I hesitate to read into that, but I didn't know if there was any implication of either more certitude or less variability around your planning process and I didn't know if there was any color on that?
David M. McClanahan: Carl, I wouldn't read much into that. As you might recall, last year, when we started the year, we had a much wider -- we had a natural gas price that was much more in flux. We were assuming something in our price end [ph] a little less than $4, and it was $2.50 at the time we had our call. So I think that's part of it. But generally, I wouldn't read much at all into that entire spread.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And just a second question here and it really speaks to the gas utility with the earnings power. I think, historically, we had been thinking of the normalized earnings power of the gas utility in the maybe $200 million, $220 million range. And so here you guys had a really nice year considering that there was $25 million of still weather impact. And so I guess the question is, do you think the great O& -- expense management that you had for this year, is that sustainable? Meaning that have we in effect lifted the new normal earnings power for this segment up in the $250 million range?
David M. McClanahan: Carl, first, I think we have lifted it some. I think you're right, but I'm going to ask Scott to address the O&M side of this.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I think some of the O&M is sustainable, I wouldn't say all of it, knowing that we started the year in such a hole with the weather, we looked at where we could defer some of the O&M, and so some of that will move out into the future. But there are some improvements that we made that would be sustainable. The other point I would probably add here is that we did pretty well on our bad debt expense, and as gas prices grow, even if we stay at a fairly competitive or aggressive low rate in terms of our write-offs, as gas prices increase, which we have in our forecast going forward, that number will naturally increase. So there will be some degradation in terms of having more bad debt expense on a go-forward basis.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Understood. And sorry, one clarification, is the CapEx that you mentioned for Field Services, does that include the Bakken project?
David M. McClanahan: It does.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charles Fishman with Morningstar.
Charles J. Fishman - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could explain to me the mechanics of the weather hedge on the natural gas? And I guess, specifically, is that something that you eventually have to share with customers, that $8 million benefit in 2012?
David M. McClanahan: Scott, you want to take that?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the mechanics of this are we calculate the -- or determine what we believe the value of heating degree days are and we can hedge against those with a third-party, such that if we -- if it goes one way, there is payment to the party, and if it goes the other way, then the party pays us. So it's kind of a swap structure. But it's geared around calculation of normal weather and a determination of what the value of each heating degree day is within the regions which we carry these in. As far as weather, this ends up getting shared, we hold these hedges at corporate, and we do this really to target kind of stabilizing the earnings. So some year, it's up, some year, it's down. But it's geared around stabilizing the earnings in that unit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha from SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: David or Gary, for those of us who have been keeping track of the excess cash balance, and you guys have been keeping us up-to-date on that as well. As I recall, you indicated at the end of the last quarter that excess cash balance was $600 million, can you update us on what that number is as of the end of the year? And also, where we stand in terms of deploying that for new projects?
David M. McClanahan: Ali, it's about $500 million, give or take. That varies depending on when we pay our gas bills, but it's about $500 million. As Gary said, we have $1.7 billion CapEx in front of us. It's a large capital program, cutting across all our businesses, and we're going to be using this money to fund those projects, as well as any new growth projects that have not been identified but that we're pursuing. So I would say that by the end of this year, we're going to come close to spending most of that cash, if not all of it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of spending the cash, clearly, the focus has historically been on the Field Services area and the Bakken project seems to be going forward. At the same time, you've also been pretty clear and open about your interest in Oncor. And so I wanted to just understand where the focus remains in terms of, at least, opportunities right now, and whether the financial issues going on with energy futures holdings, does that cause the Oncor monetization to become more front burner or are you seeing any activity on that front?
David M. McClanahan: First, we're still interested in growing Field Services, it's a big focus of ours. But it's not at the -- it's not exclusively Field Services. We are very interested in growing our regulated businesses. And so we've said in the past, if Oncor would come on the market, it'd be a unit that we'd absolutely look at. But it's not stopping us from doing what we would normally do anyway. So yes, we're interested, but we're pursuing a number of different options and it's just not Oncor.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: One last question, Gary, just to clarify the '13 guidance, at the EPS level, it's pretty relatively flat with '12, and when you were going through the segment discussions, looked like you were net-net higher, so is it all the higher tax rate that's causing flat EPS or can you just give us a little more color on why flat versus the '12 actual?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. I'll take a shot at that first, and certainly, Scott can add to it. But let's talk about the tax rate, I think that is an important thing to focus on. The ongoing tax rate will be 37%. If you recall, last year, we ended up with a 45% tax rate, because that had that non-tax deductible goodwill impairment. So you take that out, we ended it with a tax rate of approximately 33%. And that was really due to a lot of hard work over the last number of years to resolve issues with IRS, mainly legacy issues, so we did have a benefit in tax, in fact, some of it actually was reported in other income. So we had a benefit of approximately $0.09 all-in, if you will. So that's kind of come back. So we effectively have a higher tax rate this year, so the guidance reflects our expectations of a higher tax rate this year. Now in addition to that though, we do expect lower interest expense because, as you know, we have been recapitalizing the company in a sense of some refunding but primarily some restructuring of debt, so you continue lower interest expense. This year, it was lower by about $34 million. Next year, think a maybe equivalent number, maybe a little bit more than that, so that's favorable to us. So that's some offset. And then the business, you heard Scott describe the businesses. Over the long term, they will grow. He described those as sort of net neutral to up a bit, I think, when you put it all together. So again, we still have a range because we still have some variables. And as you know, our objective is always -- we'll a, keep you informed, but our goal is to work as hard as we can to exceed the midpoint of that range and continue to grow our company this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Edwards with Crdit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just real quick question. Going forward, given how the Competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services came in, pretty significant increase, what's a reasonable run rate to think about for that segment going forward?
David M. McClanahan: Good question, John. We used to say we thought the pure retail side of this was in the $30 million range. I think, long term, it is. Probably in the near term, it's more in the $20 million range. So we're working hard to improve the profitability there. We've gotten rid of a lot of the uneconomic contracts, which helps a lot, but the key is to grow the business and improve margins, and that's what we're attempting to do.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. That's helpful. And then just real quick on your natural gas distribution. It obviously was a really good quarter and the margin per customer was up quite a bit versus what we were thinking. Just maybe you could give a little more granularity on that? I mean, you've already talked about some things, cost savings and rates and so on, if there's any other things in that regard?
David M. McClanahan: Scott, do you have anything to add there? Bad debt expense has been something that we've been working on for several years. As Scott said, that may tick up. But the new policies and procedures around credit and collections are not going to change. So I think we've got a good handle on that. We're running a pretty tight ship now. It's taken us 3 or 4 years to completely kind of revamp the way we run that business, and I think it's showing in through the reduced O&M. But we do have a lot of new rate mechanisms that's gone in over the last 3 or 4 years that provides for annual or automatic adjustments, so we don't have to go in and seek rate increases. And I think those are important and they're starting to have a very positive effect on this business.
Scott Prochazka: I'll just add to that as well, the couple other things that -- one of the bigger items that was -- if you're just looking at the quarter against prior quarter, it was around weather and usage. Between the 2 of those, they were up $6 million to $8 million over the prior quarter, so that was a good part of the delta.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wonder if you could give us a little bit more detail on the Bakken project. I see the open season and I guess it's for both gathering and pipeline takeaway capacity for, I guess, crude oil, liquids and natural gas, but if you can go to a little bit more granularity in terms of what the open season encompasses, that'd be great.
David M. McClanahan: Yes. Let me ask Greg Harper to address that.
C. Gregory Harper: Faisel, the open season is primarily for a crude gathering system and it would have a little tank storage potential as well. It does not contemplate takeaway pipelines from those gathering termination point. We will be putting it into rail or other pipeline is the contemplation at this time. So this is strictly a gathering system, so taking crude oil from wellhead to central control points and then onto tankage.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And if our numbers are right, there's about, I think, about 75% of the crude oil in the Bakken is gathered by truck right now, is that a fair estimate? Is that the business you're going after?
C. Gregory Harper: Exactly. You've nailed it right on the head, Faisel. This is a great opportunity to, number one, help the state get those trucks off the road and we think it's a competitive opportunity and alternative right now for the producers in this area.
David M. McClanahan: I think you'll also see this type of crude gathering system being employed in other areas around the country. Because of the amount of trucks necessary to move this, there's lots of wanting to get an alternative to trucking and this is the best alternative, honestly.
C. Gregory Harper: Definitely. There's been a paradigm shift with the number of trucks that Dave mentioned is the kind of result of the prolific nature of the crude level coming on from the drilling and the frac-ing.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then, it would -- I could take it also that in this gathering system, you would tie in the associated gas production that's being flared into the system, too, is that right?
C. Gregory Harper: That's not contemplated in this particular offering, it would be something that we would be prepared to do, obviously, having a footprint in that area, if we get the appropriate nominations.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And so how do you guys compete versus everybody else? Like what's the competitive landscape like for in the Bakken? I would assume it's pretty competitive, but I don't know how you guys go about getting the business versus somebody else?
C. Gregory Harper: I mentioned before, Faisel, as we step out of our footprint, that a key strategy for us was to do it with maybe a major producer friend or companies, and that's what we've been trying to do, both here in the Bakken, as we look at Mississippi Lime, as we look at Tuscaloosa Marine, as we look at even Marcellus. We're not the type of company that's going to go out and do something speculative. We're going to do something that is kind of in concert with a big producer customer and have the similar type contracting we've had in the past in our new gathering footprint.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And whatever happened with the Mississippi Lime open season? That was like in the third -- the first quarter of last year?
C. Gregory Harper: Good question. What we found in the Mississippi Lime, where we were looking at it is there's a lot of high nitrogen issues. And we're just not seeing enough gas to gather to offset that issue for it takes to treat it. Now another major producer that had an RFP out has withdrawn that and that major producer has moved to a different area in Mississippi Lime, and is expected to issue an RFP and we will be participating in that. So ongoing negotiations with smaller customers, but again, right now, the aggregation level that we're seeing doesn't contemplate a project at this point in time, but we stay in constant communication with these customers.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And on the results of Field Services, throughput down from $237 million to $205 million, but operating income up year-over-year. Can you just walk us through the math on how that happened? I suspect it's from your newer gathering contracts that are in place, but give us an idea of what is declining in the background as we see these volumes sort of come off from current levels?
C. Gregory Harper: I'll give you a high-level, I won't give you exact numbers, because I don't want to get into our producers' falling volumes. But I would say that the difference obviously going from $237 million to $205 million is decline just across the board on our footprint, but the makeup, obviously, the increased margin, on the top line, I think, goes from $91 million to $109 million. That growth is driven by our contracts. The guaranteed return contract and primarily the volume commitment contracts.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So assuming that volumes -- well, let me ask you this, do you expect volumes to continue to decline for the rest of this year?
C. Gregory Harper: We expect volumes to be at the same level as last year. I don't think David or Scott mentioned in the call, but I think they've had some producers moving into our area and back into the Haynesville area, Encana announced that on their earnings call, with an increase in 5 rigs by year end. We don't have anything -- we don't have in our plan or in Gary's projections right now that, that would increase volume flow. We see that as protecting and preserving current levels. If we get upside, that's going to be great.
David M. McClanahan: Faisel, I might also add. I think, in '12, we lost something like $28 million due to lower commodity prices, primarily natural gas. So we've got some upside if natural gas prices firm up, and they're probably going to -- our projection is they'll be higher in '13 than they were in '12. So even if you get the same volumes, there could be some potential increased profitability there.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then just on the pipelines, you guys mentioned you were 90% subscribed on the pipelines. Are there any contracts that are up for renewal in the next 24 months that we ought to be concerned about?
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I don't want you to be concerned about anything, Faisel. It's our job to go get those renewed. But we're -- I think our fleet agreement is in evergreen within the next 24 months. So that's -- again, we serve a fleet via MRT, that is the asset that we are currently in the middle of a rate case at FERC on. And we've had a settlement conference on that. So we see that, that is obviously a very large contract on MRT, and we will work to extend that and renegotiate an extend. On CEGT, there is a mishmash of contracts that can come up and roll off, but I think the largest contracts on CEGT would be Line CP in 2017 or so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just last question for me. On CapEx, you guys mentioned, I think, $1.8 billion in CapEx, did you guys give a breakdown in your prepared remarks, if you did, don't worry about it, I'll go back to the transcript, but if you didn't, I'd appreciate a breakdown of the CapEx.
David M. McClanahan: You know, we've got those documented in the 10-K. Plus, if you look at the supplemental material, it's laid out there in a fair amount of detail, so probably the best way to find it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Macquarie.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Just a couple of questions on CapEx. First at the electric utility, it looks like some pretty big declines after '13 and '14, mostly in this public and system improvements category. Is a lot of that conservatism, it's not related to the load growth, so I'm just wondering why it drops and if there's potential upside there?
David M. McClanahan: Andrew, I'll take that. There is -- if you noticed some downward movement, perhaps there's some conservatism in there, but there was also some projects that we have early on that end at that point. We're putting in a backup control center, which consumes about a couple hundred million dollars worth of investment over the near term. And once that ends, that's part of the reason it turns down. But the theme of kind of maintaining the ongoing investment of -- in infrastructure, for hardening and system maintenance, as well as load growth, that theme would kind of carry through but we'll have to see what actually happens in terms of whether growth picks up or slows down or maintenance requirements change. But most of it is driven by some big projects that we have, that we know we have early on. You may end up having some additional bigger projects that materialize down the road that could take -- that could fill that gap, but right now, this larger slug is really related to large projects.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. So then when you talked about the 5% annual rate base growth, should that be front-end loaded? Meaning, faster than that in '13 and '14?
David M. McClanahan: Well, it really looks at the total capital spend over the period. So if you look at where we get to, rate base wise, by the end of this period, it looks at what that rate would represent an average growth rate from the starting point to the ending point. It just so happens that it's kind of front-end loaded.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. And then on usage, I think I heard you say you're expecting 2% growth in customer accounts in 2013. How has usage per account been trending and what's your expectation for total weather-adjusted load growth?
David M. McClanahan: Over the past, load growth we saw kind of flat to maybe slightly declining. This was looking back several years. Interestingly, this year, we've seen loads -- we've actually seen usage increase slightly. We believe it has to do perhaps with the economy and with the economy strengthening here in Houston, as well as the relatively low price of power. So we have seen a little bit of a bounce in usage this year. Going forward, we forecast usage to be about flat. But we do know that we continue to see what we think will be some ongoing headwind on the downside, just from things like replacements of appliances with more efficient -- replacement of air-conditioning units and lighting standards, that type of thing. But more or less, we look at it as about even to maybe a slight decline as we look forward.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. Then next question, just on the Field Services CapEx, obviously, the acquisition was the biggest chunk from 2012, but the other CapEx was quite a bit lower than what you'd expect, what you forecasted in the 10-K a year ago. Just wondering if a lot of that was stuff that has been deferred based on the acquisitions or canceled or how to think about that going forward? And maybe a little more color in 2013 on the Bakken spending, you mentioned that is a big piece of the growth, and what else might be included in that?
C. Gregory Harper: This is Greg, I'll answer the 2012 question first. The capital was lower in 2012, and that's primarily from deferrals. Most of our capital that we look to deploy are based on existing contracts and we're obviously in communication with our producers weekly, monthly to make sure we're deploying our capital palatably relative to their growth and they're -- before they bring on their production. So basically, some of them had a forecast early in the year, maybe fourth quarter of 2011, what they would be doing in 2012, they've been modifying that during the year, and so we just pulled back the capital. However, they're committed to their acreage to us and/or volume commitments to those areas. So that will come once they start drilling. As far as 2013, that's the same thing we planned out this year. I think the Bakken is probably under around $120 million or so, $125 million. So the balance, the majority of the balance is still growth capital. I think Scott mentioned 75% of our capital is growth. So the remaining 50% to 60% of the balance is growth capital. And that, again, is tied into what our producers are telling us right now, where they think they'll be by year end.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great. Very helpful. And then just lastly, if you can let us know how much operating income came from the acquisitions last summer? And if doubling that would be a good proxy for 2013 and beyond run rate?
David M. McClanahan: $13 million for 2012 came from the 2 acquisitions. That was -- we expect to do better than double that in 2013. They came on at different times of the year, one was August 1, and one was a little bit earlier than that, but our plan calls for more than doubling that in 2013.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Senchak [ph] with Decade Capital.
Unknown Analyst: Just looks like about 70% of your CapEx spend in '13 is going to the regulated electric and gas distribution segments. And just as I look out in your CapEx forecast and the K, it's roughly the same kind of spread, and I'm just wondering, is that kind of a change in theme going forward or is that just where the opportunities you see right now exist?
David M. McClanahan: This is really -- it's much easier to see the spend in the regulated utilities than site Field Services because we don't speculate about projects that we're not sure of in the 10-K. But for our Houston Electric and our gas LDCs, we have plans to go in and replace pipe or improve systems, our bill control center, so it's -- we have a lot of clarity around regulated capital expenditures. When it gets to Field Services, we put in there what we know, but we don't put in there what we don't know. I would be very disappointed if we don't have some growth projects that come up in Field Services that would increase the level of expenditures in that unit.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. Great. And then in the past, you've given us some growth rates for each of the businesses, has that changed at all or is that still kind of the same outlook and can you comment on that?
David M. McClanahan: We've given overall that we want to be in the 4% to, say, 7% EPS growth rate, that's our long-term. And each one of our units have a little different growth around it. Houston Electric, gas LDCs, you heard Scott talk about rate base growth there of 5% up to 7%. So they're going to provide some growth. Pipelines are the ones that probably are little less certain. That's probably flat to slightly up, if we move in some of the projects we're going after. And Field Services, we expect it's going to grow. It's been our fastest-growing unit the last 3, 4 years, it's grown a little less than 20% a year. And as it gets bigger, that percentage will come down. But we expect Field Services to continue to be our fastest-growing business segment. So overall, our goal is to achieve that 4% to 7%, or 5% to 7% growth in earnings.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Graham [ph] with Kellinger Capital [ph].
Unknown Analyst: It's actually John Kiani [ph]. I know you talked a little bit about this already, but can you just give a little bit more color around some of your plans to allocate capital between Field Services and the regulated Houston? And more specifically, talk a little bit about the status of using an MLP as a financing vehicle for some of the projects that you're currently working on, like for example, the Bakken project within Field Services, please?
David M. McClanahan: Gary, why don't you take that one.
Gary L. Whitlock: Okay. John, maybe to start, why don't we just start with MLP. We've been consistent on this, John, as you know, in our discussions, that we continue to see the formation of the MLP as an effective financing vehicle, and certainly, in terms of funding the growth for our midstream business. As to the timing of that, as we reported this morning, we've talked about on the call, we do have a sizable CapEx program, certainly, a significant amount of that visibility is in the regulated business, and we're pleased about it, but as you know, we've been funding all of that, funding our capital through internal sources of cash, including this year, as you know, we also have another benefit of bonus depreciation, which is about another $170 million. So in terms of funding, it's been internal sources, cash on hand. But as we talked about it, David alluded to, and Scott, and certainly, Greg, as we have more visibility around that midstream growth in the Bakken, I think, sets the stage for hopefully, additional growth there and beyond. I think the MLP becomes front and center as a financing vehicle. As David said, we would think, by the end of this year, cash on hand plus internal sources, at some point we'll need a financing need in the future. And when we have visibility around that growth, I think, the MLP, again, is front and center. So absolutely not off the table, on the table, and I think it's really related to when we have -- when we see the need for it.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. So it sounds like, I guess, the good news is that the financial stability of the company, just from the perspective of excess cash on hand and also some additional cash flow from bonus depreciation, gives you a lot of flexibility at the moment to fund CapEx, both on the regulated side, but also importantly, on the Field Services side with that internally generated cash flow, is that...?
Gary L. Whitlock: John, I think that's right. But I also don't want you to walk away, or other investors, with everything is that precise. And again, as Greg and his team worked very diligently to originate business, when we see that we have the growth there, I don't think that having cash on hand and available liquidity will hold us back from forming the MLP because it takes time to form it. Obviously, we've done all the ministerial things of audits and those things, so we're prepared to do an MLP. Can do one, we just want to make sure it's at the right time and the best interest of our shareholders to do so.
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then one other separate question. How should we think about the potential bid or strategic benefit, hypothetically speaking, from Oncor, as I think, you all were discussing a little bit earlier, when you said you would consider taking a look at it if it was for sale. Is it something that helps to balance out the nonregulated earnings from Field Services? How should we think about some type of a business like that for you all?
David M. McClanahan: Well, it certainly would do that. Obviously, Oncor is a sizable electric T&D business. It would add substantial amount of regulated assets and earnings to our portfolio. And we recognize that we need to have a good regulated base as we grow our unregulated base. So it certainly fits that pistol for us. So we're going to be diligent about looking at it if it ever comes on the market. And I think it would be a nice fit, but it's all about making sure you can buy it for a price that creates shareholder value, and that's -- we'll work hard at it if it ever comes on the market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Mars [ph] with Citizens Trust.
Unknown Analyst: Two questions, please. Number one, going back to a previous comment regarding the 75% of your Bakken crude being handled by truck and you guys are probably salivating over that, would there be any, maybe joint venture being done with a railroad in the same area?
David M. McClanahan: Steve, we haven't entertained anything like that, because we're really doing it at the gathering level, not the long-haul level. And there are some other folks looking at big pipes coming out of that area to basically compete with the railroads, but I don't think -- that's not something we're interested in right now.
Scott Prochazka: And I'd say that, I think it was Faisel or Carl that mentioned the 75% In our particular counties, we're looking at it as 100% is truck.
Unknown Analyst: Very well. Second question, please. With the earlier question regarding the CapEx on your electric operations possibly declining this year and/or next, would that therefore push you folks to maybe a positive cash flow overall for this year or next year?
David M. McClanahan: One is that capital in our electric business is going to be much higher in 2013 than it was in 2012. And it's going to stay pretty high for a number of years. I think we're projecting pretty close to $700 million this year and next year before it starts declining down to the mid-$550 million. So it's going to be high. We've got $1.7 billion capital program. We can't fund that from internally generated funds. We do have cash on hand that we can utilize, but -- if you're in the utility business, you want to be growing rate base and you don't want to necessarily have excess cash flow for very long, it probably means you're in pretty stagnant service territories. So we expect that these capital expenditure numbers are going to remain at this level for some time. Because this -- the service area that we're in is, I would venture to say, is probably, if not the best, one of the best in the country.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on 2 issues. One on the use of the excess cash, I know we've had discussions in the past. And I know cash is fungible, but we try to look at that excess cash as perhaps adding to the overall growth profile for the company. Obviously, you've been using the cash, as you mentioned, you've got about $500 million left. I just wanted to get your sense of where -- what are you thinking of that cash right now, in the context of that, say, 5% to 7% -- 4% to 7% EPS growth rate, does that cash put you at 100 basis points to that, I mean, keep you at the higher end? How should we think of the cash as it's being deployed, and how does it manifest in that growth rate that you're targeting?
David M. McClanahan: We've talked about this in the past. It certainly doesn't change the opportunities we look at. We think we have lots of opportunities. But the fact that it doesn't have a cost to it, it does add to your return in the near term. So I think there will be some upside in that because we don't have a cost associated with it. But in terms of changing opportunity set, I don't think so.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then second, you talked about the MLP also frequently in the past as kind of a funding vehicle. At the same time, you've also acknowledged that your company is more of a conglomerate, if you will, of the regulated businesses and the unregulated piece. Have you all thought about looking at those businesses and perhaps looking at them as 2 separate entities and creating or unlocking shareholder value that way, as opposed to just being driven by the funding needs? What's your latest thinking on looking at these as 2 separate companies and perhaps unlocking some conglomerate value that's being discounted right now?
David M. McClanahan: Ali, I think it's a good question and we clearly think about that. To some extent, the MLP gets at both of those, both the funding issue and the independent valuation issue. So I think we do consider, is there a way to unlock value where the sum of the parts that's being reflected in our stock price today is different? And I think an MLP has the potential to do that for us. So yes, we're looking at that. And if you're thinking about maybe we spin one off versus keep the other, we did that study a number of years ago, we didn't think we had enough scale at the time, and I don't think that's really in our thinking today, but ways to unlock value are absolutely in our thinking and we'll attempt to do that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And assuming the plan works out as you're envisioning the rest of the year, should we think of this as a 2014 event?
David M. McClanahan: I would say we continue to look at it and I'm not sure what the timing will be, and I don't think I can really comment on that, but I want to tell you, the management team at CenterPoint is absolutely focused on trying to create shareholder value, and if we think there's a way to do it, we're going to pursue it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: 2013 not likely, is that fair?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. I don't think I would start characterizing like that. I really wouldn't. I'm not trying to be cute about it. I think, 2013, could it be viable? Of course, it could. But you come back to what would make it viable for us, of course, it is viable, but in the sense that when we see the visibility growth, and as we described, we do have a lot of clarity around the CapEx plan on our regulated businesses, Greg is working diligently and they have been originating business. So when we see that there is more clarity there, I think we can execute. And as I've described to you, Ali, we can execute quickly on that. So we have the ministerial work done and it's a question of doing the filing, so don't try to put it on 2013 or '14. I think, what we said, it's front and center at the right time.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I guess, one, I'll just clarify. But looking at the CapEx that you've laid out for us currently, that CapEx would not necessarily support this. You would probably need some new projects beyond that, is that fair?
David M. McClanahan: I think it's all -- it's not -- I think there is some validity in what you said, that we need that to make sure we have confidence that we're going to be able to grow the business. And I think we're getting more and more confident all the time around that. So I would say just kind of stay tuned on this one, Ali.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Macquarie.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Just to follow up on one of the comments you just made. I just want to make sure I heard it right. You're now looking for long-term growth of 5% to 7%, is that compared to 4% to 6% previously?
David M. McClanahan: Internally, we say 4% to 7%. We did say 4% to 6%. We kind of set our goals a little bit higher here than in the past, but I would say that, that doesn't indicate a change in our thinking.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you. Since we do not have any other questions, we will end the call. Thank you very much for participating today, and we appreciate your support. Have a nice day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-07 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Scott Prochazka - Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] . I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ms. Kneipp?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. This is Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO; Scott Prochazka, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Greg Harper, Senior Vice President and Group President of Pipelines and Field Services, will discuss our third quarter 2012 results. We also have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Thursday, November 14, 6:00 p.m. Central Time. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 30496727. You can also listen to an online replay on our website and we will archive the call for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, I will discuss our consolidated results for the third quarter of 2012. Gary will discuss 2 unusual amount cash items recorded this quarter, as well as some recent financing activities. Scott will comment on the performance of each business unit. And finally, Greg will discuss certain aspects of our Field Services business. This morning, we reported net income of $10 million or $0.02 per diluted share. The results for the third quarter of 2012 include 2 unusual items. First, a $252 million noncash goodwill impairment charge associated with our competitive Energy Services business. And second, a $136 million noncash pretax gain associated with our purchase of the remaining 50% interest in the Waskom gathering and processing joint venture. Excluding these unusual items, net income for the third quarter of 2012 would have been $174 million or $0.40 per diluted share. Net income for the third quarter of 2011 was $973 million or $2.27 per diluted share. As you may recall, last year, we also recorded an unusual item. Net income of $811 million associated with the final resolution of the true-up appeal. Excluding this unusual item, net income would have been $162 million or $0.38 per diluted share. Operating income for the third quarter was $88 million. Excluding unusual items, operating income for the third quarter would have been $340 million compared to $357 million for the same period last year. As you will hear in a few minutes from Scott, our businesses delivered solid performances this quarter, in line with our expectations. Our regulated electric and gas distribution utilities produced strong results and despite the low natural gas prices and the lack of basis differentials, our midstream and competitive Energy Services businesses performed well. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today, I would first like to discuss the 2 unusual items that are included in our results for the third quarter. Then, I will review our debt refinancing, earnings guidance and dividend declaration. The $252 million noncash impairment charge relates to the goodwill resulting from the 1997 merger between Houston Industries and NorAm Energy. $335 million of that goodwill was associated with our competitive Energy Services business. In the third quarter of each year, we perform a goodwill impairment test. The adverse wholesale market conditions facing our Energy Services business, specifically the prospects for continued low geographic and seasonal price differentials, led to a reduction in our estimate of the fair value of goodwill associated with this business. No other business unit required a goodwill impairment charge. We also recorded a $136 million noncash gain as a result of our acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in the Waskom joint venture. This acquisition is classified as a business combination achieved in stages requiring a writeup of our original 50% interest to fair value. Turning to our financing activities during the quarter. We took advantage of very low interest rates and refinanced some of our debt. Specifically, Houston Electric issued $800 million of general mortgage bonds at attractive rates and redeemed $800 million of Houston Electric general mortgage bonds scheduled to mature in 2014. The redemption premium on the 2 series was approximately $69 million, and this refinancing will reduce our annual interest payments by approximately $28 million. Now, let me discuss our 2012 earnings guidance. This morning in our press release, we reaffirmed our second quarter estimate for annual earnings in the range of $1.13 to $1.23 per diluted share. Our guidance excludes the effects of the goodwill impairment charge and the Waskom acquisition gain. As a reminder, our earnings guidance range is based on our performance to date and includes a number of variables such as commodity prices, volume throughput, weather, regulatory proceeding and our effective tax rate. I'd also like to remind you of the $0.2025 per share regular dividend declared by our Board of Directors on October 24. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now, let me turn the call over to Scott, who will discuss the quarterly results of our businesses in more detail.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, Gary, and good morning to everyone. I'll begin with Houston Electric which reported operating income of $205 million this quarter or $8 million less than the third quarter of 2011 which included the benefits of extremely hot and dry summer weather. This year's operating income benefited from the growth of more than 40,000 customers since the third quarter of last year. This represents a growth rate of 2%, which we believe should continue for the remainder of the year. We also benefited from higher transmission-related revenue, the ongoing recognition of deferred equity returns associated with the company's true-up proceeds and an increase in miscellaneous revenues. More than offsetting these benefits, however, were a $38 million impact from the return to more normal weather and a $9 million impact from the rate changes implemented in September of 2011. Overall, Houston Electric had a strong quarter and is expected to have another good year. To address the growing infrastructure needs of the Houston service territory, we expect to invest capital in excess of $500 million per year for the next several years resulting in rate base growth of approximately 4% per year. Given our transmission and distribution capital recovery mechanisms, we don't anticipate the need for a major Houston Electric rate case in the near term. Our natural gas distribution business reported $5 million of operating income in the third quarter of 2012, which was $7 million more than last year. This quarter benefited from the growth of more than 31,000 customers since the third quarter of last year. Additionally, we have been focused on productivity gains and operating efficiencies to offset the impact of an extremely mild winter. We have seen the benefit of these efforts and expect to see similar benefits for the remainder of the year. Annual rate adjustment mechanisms in a number of our jurisdictions continue to help us recover new investments, as well as to offset reductions in usage without the need for expensive and time-consuming rate proceedings. We are also benefiting from increased customer charges in our Texas jurisdictions. We continue to focus on system reliability by replacing older infrastructure and on upgrading our systems to enhance customer service. These investments, together with normal load growth and system maintenance, are expected to require capital expenditures of $350 million to $400 million annually and produce rate base growth of approximately 6% per year. Now, let me turn to our midstream businesses. Our interstate pipelines unit recorded operating income of $48 million compared to $60 million for the same quarter of 2011. The decline was primarily the result of reductions in seasonal and market-sensitive transportation and ancillary services and a reduction in compressor efficiency on our Carthage to Perryville pipeline due to lower volumes. Low natural gas prices and significantly compressed basis continue to adversely impact this business. Equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $8 million compared to $6 million in the same quarter of 2011, reflecting the benefit of a new contract with an anchor shipper that started in January of this year. From a commercial perspective, we continue to pursue opportunities to serve customers on or near our pipelines with particular focus on power generation and natural gas producers. In addition, we continue to evaluate the current rates and rate structures for our 2 interstate pipelines. In August, Mississippi River Transmission filed its first rate case since 2001 and requested a $47 million rate increase. Our filing is based on an updated cost of service including new depreciation rates, a capital structure composed of 61% equity and a 13.6% return on equity. We also sought a recovery compliance cost surcharge to recover future security, safety and environmental costs associated with mandated requirements. In September, the FERC issued an order accepting MRT's filing, suspending the filed tariff rates until March of 2013 and limiting the scope of the surcharge to the recovery of security costs. MRT has asked for a rehearing on the surcharge issues. Unless we reach a settlement on the rate case, we expect the third quarter 2013 hearing. In October, we also initiated discussions with customers for a new tariff structure on our CEGT pipeline. These discussions centered around an updated cost of service and the mechanism for recovering increased costs associated with security, safety and environmental activities similar to the mechanism we requested in our MRT rate filing. Turning now to our Field Services unit. We reported operating income of $55 million compared to $61 million for the same quarter of 2011. Operating income benefited by $7 million from the Amoruso and Prism acquisitions. These benefits were offset by lower revenues from sales of retained natural gas due to lower prices, reduced throughput from our traditional basins and the timing of revenue recognition related to throughput commitments. These throughput commitments are an important feature of our contracts, and Greg will discuss them in greater detail later in the call. With respect to our gathering volumes, throughput increased approximately 7% compared to the third quarter of last year. We expect our overall system throughput to average around 2.4 billion cubic feet per day through year-end, including approximately 200 million cubic feet per day from our recent acquisitions. Our competitive Energy Services business reported an operating loss of $7 million, excluding the goodwill impairment discussed -- impairment charge discussed by Gary, as compared to an operating loss of $10 million in the same quarter of last year. After adjusting for mark-to-market accounting and gas inventory write-downs, results for the third quarter of 2012 increased $11 million compared to the third quarter of 2011. This business is benefiting from the elimination of uneconomic fixed cost transportation and storage agreements and the growth in both retail customers and sales volumes. Our focus continues to be on expanding our customer base, rationalizing our fixed costs and growing our product and service offerings. In summary, our business units delivered solid, operating and financial results. And the benefits of our balanced electric and gas portfolio were again evident this quarter. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
C. Gregory Harper: Thank you, Scott. I want to take this opportunity to provide some additional information about our Field Service business. Specifically, we continue to get questions on our throughput commitments and recent acquisitions. Field Services provides gathering, treating, processing and other related services to producers in and around their traditional natural gas production basins of Arkoma, Anadarko and ArkLaTex, as well as in the unconventional shale plays of Fayetteville, Haynesville and Woodford. We operate 4,000 miles of gathering pipelines, processing plants with a capacity of 625 million cubic feet per day and treating plants with a capacity of approximately 9,000 gallons per minute. Today, about 40% of our volumes come from traditional gathering basins, while 60% are from the shale plays. These percentages are inclusive of the recent acquisitions which we consider in the traditional category. Commercial and operating initiatives evolve with market dynamics and customer requests. We strive to revive best-in-market services, especially when it comes to being on time and on budget. Our track record, combined with our focus on building strong relationships, serves us well as projects emerge. Generally, our Field Services business seeks unlevered after-tax returns on investment in the low- to mid-teens. While other gatherers may seek higher returns, our contracting strategies mitigate project risk with longer terms of 10 to 15 years and throughput commitments or guaranteed returns, especially on large capital projects. Of course, without these mitigants, we would require higher returns. However, we find that our customers value price assurance and market access certainty provided by our contracting strategies. In turn, we benefit from more stable revenues and cash flows. Without this throughput commitment strategy, we would be recognizing less revenue this year. Now, let me discuss how throughput commitments can affect the timing of revenue recognition. Throughout the year, producer production reports and actual volumes are closely monitored to ensure that revenue is recognized in accordance with contract terms and throughput commitments. First, contract years are usually not the same as calendar years. Second, we recognize revenue based on both actual and projected flows. If a producer report indicates that production will not meet the throughput commitment in a particular contract year, we calculate the amount of revenue associated with the actual production and the amount of payable under the throughput commitment for the applicable calendar quarter. Shortfall throughput volumes and retained gas are not included in throughput data, which we provide as part of our supplemental financial materials. As a rule of thumb, we have previously stated a good rule of thumb is that retained gas is equal to about 1.5% of throughput. However, we have and can realize levels at or above 2% based on concerted optimization efforts. Following our recent acquisitions, we now own 100% of the Waskom gas processing plant in East Texas. This facility is capable of processing approximately 320 million cubic feet per day of natural gas. It also includes a 14,500-barrel per day fractionation plant in an ethane line which directly serves a major market. Waskom provides several takeaway options for natural gas including our CEGT pipeline and our Carthage to Perryville pipeline. Furthermore, the rail loading facility that was completed in late 2011 provides customers optionality and increased access to premium natural gas liquids markets. We are 2 months into our integration of all the Prism assets and are beginning to implement changes to optimize certain operations at these facilities. From a risk standpoint, we mitigate commodity exposure through our contracting methods. On the liquid side, our commodity-sensitive contracts account for about 35% of all of our processing revenue. However, we have the option to change the majority of these contracts to fix these structures if we so choose. Finally, we are pursuing a number of potential Field Services projects in the Bakken, Mississippi Lime, Tuscaloosa Marine and other place in or near our footprint. Clearly, we would like to be in a position to discuss these more completely. However, we're still in the discussion, evaluation and/or negotiation phase, and are not able to give more details at this time. We can say that the Bakken survey and right-of-way assessment have been completed and we're finalizing our estimates of the capital requirements for this project. Now, I'll turn the call back over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Greg. Last month, we celebrated our 10th anniversary as a stand-alone independent public company. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our employees who have been so instrumental in the success of our company. I couldn't be more proud of them. Our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas businesses has served us well and we expect that to continue. Our business performance and execution have allowed us to grow significantly and have put us in a strong position as we pursue attractive opportunities. I feel better today about the position of CenterPoint Energy than at any time during our 10-year history. Once again, I would like to thank you for your interest in interest CenterPoint Energy. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Gary, could you update us in terms of what you would define as your excess cash position at this point?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, we're between $500 million and $600 million.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: $500 million and $600 million. And when you look at the deployment of that cash, and I know the Bakken project has been one of the front burner ones. From a timing perspective, is it -- should we expect that we could see some returns on any of that investment in 2013? Or is it more likely 2014 and beyond when we -- the earliest when we would see returns?
David M. McClanahan: Let me take that question. As you know, last call, I indicated that I thought we would deploy all of this cash by the end of next year. So we're going to deploy it either in our core businesses, and we have plenty of organic growth in especially our utilities, and some in our other businesses as well. But we also are attempting and working hard to try to invest in some new opportunities outside our core businesses. I think there's a chance some of that could be reflected in late 2013, but most likely, it's a 2014 kind of operating income impact.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And David, one other thing. If I look at your Field Services business, just looking at the existing portfolio and not tackling in any new projects or investment, this current portfolio, what kind of annual growth rate can this support?
David M. McClanahan: It really depends on natural gas prices. As gas prices increase, I think we're going to see more growth prospects. We serve traditional basis -- basins, as well as dry gas basins. At this low gas price, we're not seeing a lot of well activity. Probably, well activity this year is about half or maybe even a little less than half of what we saw last year. But we also know there is a heck of a lot of gas in these basins and it will ultimately be produced. So as gas prices move up, I think we're going to see activity, which is going to drive just gathering volumes and expansions of this system. But just -- not just as importantly, but there is another aspect, and that's our retained gas piece. As Greg said, we retain about 1.5% and 2% if we can really optimize compression. That provides upside as natural gas prices rise as well. And so, I think we'll see it on the natural gas sales retained gas, as well as just throughput, in our system. That's going to be a little further down the road because we know that gas prices aren't expected, at least in our forecast, to jump above $4 for a year or two.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And last question, Gary, just to clarify. The effective tax rate, if you take out all the non-recurring stuff, what was that for the quarter and what are you budgeting for the year?
Gary L. Whitlock: Okay, yes. If you exclude the unusual items for the third quarter, our effective tax rate for the third quarter would have been about 24%. That compares, Ali, to a run rate of 37% effective tax rate. We did, in the third quarter, benefit from approximately $17 million of favorable IRS settlements. But for the fourth quarter and on, think about 37%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Greg, just a couple of quick questions. And understanding there's only limited you can say about the Bakken, we're narrowing the cost. Previously, I think you sort of ring fenced it in sort of $100 million to $200 million range with larger long-term aspirations. Are we still in the same ZIP code? I mean, is the general scope of the project essentially still the same?
C. Gregory Harper: That's correct, Carl. I'd say it's still in that $100 million, $200 million range. Our producer customer is also still confirming what their production profiles look like. And as they get more optimistic about it, obviously, the capital would be on the higher end. But if it stays where it is right now, it'd be on the lower $100 million to $150 million end. But if they hit things, as they would like to see, it'd be on the upper end.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. No, fair enough. And then if I could just ask you to -- and appreciate you got the organic projects, Bakken, Mississippi Lime, et cetera. What about from an M&A standpoint, have you seen any -- a change in producer sentiment over the last 3 months, say for instance, from the 3 months prior as far as their willingness to divest given that the choppiness of commodity prices? Or is it pretty much just kind of the same as it's been through the year?
C. Gregory Harper: No, I would say that -- it's a good question because I think the producer activity is still there. I think some of the things that are on the market, with the particular producers that are putting them on the market, aren't necessarily in what we would consider areas that we would want to pursue, or on a contracting strategy that we want to pursue or they would be willing to commit to. The Encana opportunity in Amoruso was a really nice opportunity because they were willing to commit to a volume commitment. Some of the things we are seeing on the market today, a shipper, producer is not necessarily willing to do that.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then maybe just sort of a last question. This is maybe more for clarification and throw it open to David, Scott or Gary. But as we look at the noncash goodwill impairment charge to the marketing, was that all due to one transaction? I'm just -- I can't recall when that type of dollars were deployed in the commercial services. I'm sorry, I just didn't do what that stemmed back to?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, that goes back, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Carl, to the acquisition that Reliant had of NorAm Energy back in 1997. And the goodwill associated with that acquisition, a portion of it was allocated to our CES business, our commercial energy -- Competitive Energy Services business. And based on today's economics, we have to look at, of course, in each year, the potential of an impairment. And that's what really I described, is we looked at that, which is on an income basis, we looked at the projected cash flows of that business based on the dynamics of the marketplace, discount those back and effectively found that this goodwill that was $335 million was impaired. We valued it now at $83 million and the $252 million is the write off of that. So it's noncash, and as I mentioned, no other business was impacted. That was just around CES and it's all the things you know about and others, really driven by the market dynamics, and...
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Sure, no. I appreciate that I'd missed the first 5 minutes, so all you had to do is say NorAm. I appreciate the color.
Gary L. Whitlock: I wasn't here then, either.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple -- just a couple of small questions. You mentioned the better results in gas distribution from non-annual rates, but also customer growth. Can you elaborate a little bit more where that customer growth is coming from?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We've seen customer growth, I think, in the order of about 1% kind of on a year-over-year. And the split in customers is probably very heavily Texas, with a little bit in Minnesota. It's probably the mix. But it's the 31,000 that we've seen, that addition that's driving that 1% increase.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, got you. And then on the increase in customers at the competitive natural gas business, up 17% over the last year, what's driving that?
Scott Prochazka: Yes, so the drivers behind that is a transaction, a purchase we had made of a book of customers that was a key part of it, as well as just the ongoing organic efforts of the team to add customers where we currently serve.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And that book of customers you bought, is that -- would you say that, that is -- that, that book has been incrementally more profitable to the business, and so it's offsetting kind of the underlying assets? Or is it kind of similar margins to the business you had before?
Scott Prochazka: I'd say it's similar margins to the business that we've had before. So it was a good -- it was a good addition in terms of extending the quality of the retail business, but it was very -- it's very similar to what we currently have in place.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Then on the midstream business, can you give us a little bit more of a breakdown on the volumes in terms the legacy volume declines versus the new volumes you've hooked up to the business and what were the underlying declines in the legacy volumes?
C. Gregory Harper: I think what Scott mentioned, we were at 60% on the shale volumes and about 40% on the traditional basins volumes on those billable or throughput reported numbers in the call. I think, or we have definitely seen a continued uptick in our year-over-year volumes in definitely the Haynesville and North Louisiana volumes. While not as great as we had anticipated, they are still growing. And the traditional basins, excluding our recent acquisition, I'd say would be down slightly.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When you say down slightly, does that -- are you seeing 5% declines, 2% declines, 10% declines?
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, I'd say it's been averaging or fluctuating between 5% to 10%.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Carla Kneipp: Sarah, as we do not have any other questions, we will end the call for today. Thank you, everyone, very much for participating. We appreciate your support.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Carla Kneipp David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Energy Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mrs. Kneipp [ph]?
Carla Kneipp: Thank you very much, Sarah. Good morning, everyone. This is Carla Kneipp, Vice President of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO, and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss second quarter 2012 results, and Greg Harper, Senior Vice President and Group President of our Pipelines and Field Services businesses will provide highlights on [indiscernible] midstream acquisitions. In addition, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before David begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through 6 p.m., Central Time, Thursday, August 9, 2012. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 91655009. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This quarter was a good one for the company. We had a solid quarter from both a financial and operating standpoint. This morning, we reported net income of $126 million or $0.29 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $119 million or $0.28 per diluted share for the same quarter of 2011. Operating income for the second quarter was $302 million compared to $303 million last year. Houston Electric had a solid quarter, despite milder weather, compared to 2011. We reported operating income of $153 million, which was the same as the second quarter of 2011. Operating income benefited from the growth of more than 43,000 customers since the second quarter of last year. This represents a growth rate of 2%, which we believe will continue for the remainder of the year. We also benefited from the ongoing recognition of deferred equity returns associated with the company's recovery of true-up proceeds, and an increase in miscellaneous revenues, primarily from grants of right-of-way easements. Offsetting these benefits was a $15 million impact from the rate changes implemented in September 2011, and higher net transmission cost. In May, Houston Electric substantially completed the deployment of our advanced metering system, having installed approximately 2.2 million smart meters. We completed this $660 million project, on time and on budget, and I'm very proud of the many employees who contributed to the success of this deployment. Houston Electric is now focused on implementing our intelligent grid project, which will bring substantial automation and new functionality to our distribution system. This project, other system improvements and robust growth in our Houston service territory should drive capital expenditures of $500 million to $600 million per year, contributing to rate base growth of approximately 4% annually. Our natural gas distribution business reporting -- reported $9 million of operating income in the second quarter of 2012, which was $4 million less than last year, primarily due to the impacts of milder weather. We continue to focus on productivity gains and operating efficiencies to offset the impact of extremely mild weather this year. Annual rate adjustments in a number of our jurisdictions continue to help us recover new investments, as well as to offset reductions in usage, without the necessity of a major rate proceeding. This significantly reduces the amount of regulatory lag which we would typically experience. We also continue to be focused on system reliability, due to the replacement of infrastructure, as well as upgrading our systems to enhance service to our customers. These investments, together with normal load growth and system maintenance, are expected to require capital expenditures of $300 million to $400 million annually and produce rate-based growth of approximately 6% a year. Now let me turn to our midstream businesses. Our interstate pipelines unit recorded operating income of $52 million compared to $60 million for the same quarter of 2011. The decline was primarily the result of an expired backhaul contract and the associated loss of compressor efficiency. We continue to pursue opportunities to serve customers on or near our pipelines, with special focus on power generation customers and producers in Western Oklahoma looking for access to interstate markets. Equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $6 million compared to $5 million in the same quarter of 2011, reflecting the benefit of a new contract started in January of this year. Our field services unit reported operating income of $51 million compared to $39 million for the same quarter of 2011. The increase in operating income was primarily the result of long-term agreements in the Haynesville and Fayetteville shale plays, partially offset by lower prices that we received from selling retained gas. Gathering throughput increased approximately 18% compared to the second quarter of last year, but it declined about 2% since last quarter. We expect our overall system throughput to average approximately 2.6 billion cubic feet per day through 2012. As we have discussed in the past, our investment in the shale plays are backed by throughput, our rate-of-return guarantees, which reduce our sensitivity to throughput volumes. In our largest gathering area, Haynesville, our producer/customers have a backlog of well completions and 1 rig operating. Based on their guidance, we expect Haynesville throughput to remain about 1 Bcf per day for the remainder of the year. Additionally, since we have moved from the construction phase to full operating phase in the Haynesville, we are realizing better efficiency and expense management. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $2 million from our jointly owned Waskom facilities, compared to $3 million last year. This quarter, Waskom experienced lower volumes due to upstream supply disruptions and lower commodity prices. Greg will discuss the details of our 2 recent midstream acquisitions in a few minutes. Our competitive natural gas sales and services business reported an operating loss of $4 million compared to operating income of $3 million in the same quarter of last year. After adjusting for mark-to-market accounting, results for the second quarter of 2012 increased $1 million compared to the second quarter of 2011. We experienced increases in both retail customers and sales volumes. Our focus continues to be on the expansion of our commercial and industrial customer base, rationalizing our fixed cost and increasing our product and service offerings. In summary, despite the mild impact of mild weather and a challenging energy environment, the company delivered solid operating and financial results. I think this, once again, demonstrates the value of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas businesses. Now let me turn to the use of the remaining true-up proceeds. In our last call, I indicated I would provide clarity around the use of these funds. Since that time, we have invested over $360 million in 2 midstream acquisitions, bringing the total use of the true-up proceeds to about $1 billion after taking into account the debt reductions we made earlier this year. The 2 recent acquisitions have boosted our confidence that we can successfully execute on attractive midstream opportunities in this highly competitive market. We are currently in active discussions with producers in the Mississippi Lime, Cana/Woodford and Tuscaloosa Marine Shale plays to build new gathering and processing facilities for natural gas and crude oil production. In several cases, we are responding to RFPs by these producers. We have also had some success in getting into areas outside our Mid-Continent footprint. Pursuant to a letter of intent with a major producer, we recently began preliminary survey and right-of-way work for a potential crude gathering system in the Bakken Shale. Our goal is to execute a gathering agreement with them by year-end. Besides these midstream opportunities, we are very interested in expanding our regulated investments, and believe it is important to maintain a balance of regulated and unregulated assets. Given these opportunities, we have no plans for a stock buyback at this time. We believe we can deploy the remaining proceeds in good investment opportunities over the next 18 months or so. Let me conclude by discussing a recent change in our Executive management team. Earlier this week, we named Scott Prochazka to a newly formed position of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. In his new capacity, Scott will be a member of the company's Executive Committee and each of our business units will report to him. In turn, he will report to me. Scott has been with CenterPoint since 2001. His most recent assignment was the President of Houston Electric. He has also served in leadership roles in strategic planning, customer service and gas distribution. Prior to coming to CenterPoint, he spent 12 years at Dow Chemical. Scott has an excellent mix of both regulated and unregulated business experience. While Scott has not previously had operational responsibilities in the midstream businesses, he shares my views of the importance of these businesses to the overall CenterPoint portfolio. Scott will be a great contributor, as we strive to grow our regulated and competitive businesses and enhance the value of CenterPoint to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, I would like to discuss a few items with you. First, I would like to discuss our 2012 earnings guidance. This morning, in our earnings release, we increased our earnings estimate to the range of $1.13 to $1.23 per diluted share. This is up from previously provided guidance of $1.08 to $1.20 per diluted share. This revision in guidance reflects an increase in earnings for 2012 of approximately $0.03 per diluted share associated with our 2 recent midstream acquisitions. Greg will describe these acquisitions and their earnings potential in more detail in his comments. In addition to the items I just mentioned, we have developed our earnings guidance range, based on performance to date, and by using a number of variables that may impact earnings such as commodity prices, throughput volume, weather, regulatory proceedings and effective tax rate. We have taken into account the benefit of debt reduction. However, we have not assumed additional earnings from the use of the remaining cash. Our revised guidance excludes a nonrecurring pretax gain of approximately $130 million. This gain will be recorded in the third quarter and is the result of remeasuring to fair value our regional 50% interest in the Waskom assets. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings outlook. We continue to receive questions about the financing strategy of our midstream business, especially whether or not we have made a decision to form an MLP. We have $600 million to $700 million of available cash on hand, so there is no immediate need for financing. However, our confidence in our ability to make midstream investments over the long term continues to increase, and I expect this unit will ultimately need financing to support its expanding activities. Significant ongoing investments would make an MLP attractive. Of course, the capital and financing requirements of the company's other subsidiaries will play a role in this decision as well. Also, I wanted to mention that last week we were very pleased to learn that Moody's upgraded the ratings outlook of both the parent company and Houston Electric from stable to positive. This is a reflection of the consistent improvement in our credit metrics and the overall strength of the company -- financial strength of the company. We look forward to building from our strong base of assets and continuing our track record of strong performance for our shareholders. Finally, I would like to remind you of the $0.2025 per share dividend declared by the Board of Directors on July 25. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
C. Gregory Harper: Thank you, Gary. I'm pleased to report on 2 recent acquisitions that not only provide near-term earnings benefits, as Gary mentioned, but more importantly, position our field services and interstate pipeline businesses very well for the future. First, you may recall that in June, we signed an agreement with Martin Midstream to acquire their 50% interest in the Waskom joint venture asset, and several of the Prism Gas assets for approximately $275 million. This transaction closed on July 31, and we now own 100% of Waskom and are the operator of the facility. The purchase also includes Prism's Woodlawn gathering and processing system, and 3 smaller gathering systems: Mcleod, Hallsville and Darco. The Waskom assets include a recently expanded 320 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility, with 14,500 barrels per day of fractionation capacity. Along with the Harrison gathering system, a 75 million cubic feet per day gathering system connects to the Waskom plant. Fleet Long [ph] is a 30 million cubic feet per day gathering and processing system located in Harrison County, Texas, with 3 smaller gathering systems combined to gather and treat more than 40 million cubic feet per day of natural gas, and are located near our other newly acquired assets in East Texas and Northwest Louisiana. The majority of the throughput from the new gathering systems is connected to the Waskom plant with access to its extensive natural gas liquids markets in the Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent pipeline infrastructure. This acquisition, which positions us as the operator of key processing assets will provide a significant boost to our commercial efforts in the area. In particular, we have seen an increase in producer activity, due to the improved economics of producing liquids-rich natural gas in the Cotton Valley field, as well as other nearby formations, which is expected to enhance the inlet stream into the Waskom plant. Waskom provides a competitive market for natural gas liquids without the additional cost of transportation to the fractionation capacity at Mont Belvieu. Waskom also provides several takeaway options for natural gas, including our CEGT pipeline and access to our Carthage to Perryville pipeline and our Perryville hub. Furthermore, the railroad loading facility, that was completed in late 2011, provides our customers optionality and increased access to premium natural gas liquids markets. In our new role as owner and operator of the Prism facilities in conjunction with our existing assets in the area, we expect to realize significant commercial and operational synergies. Additionally, in May, we acquired Encana's Amoruso gathering and treating assets for approximately $89 million. Concurrently, we entered into a long-term gathering agreement for the Amoruso and Hilltop field production located in Robertson and Leon Counties in East Texas. Encana has been an excellent partner for us since we entered our first agreement with them in the Haynesville Shale in September of 2009. The gathering agreement has a term of 15 years and includes an initial volume commitment, as well as a dedication of Encana's future production from the covered area. The contract also provides a guaranteed return on all future capital deployed to gather production within the dedicated acreage. So, while drilling in dry gas areas like this one has slowed recently, the contracted volume commitments alone provide returns that meet our investment criteria. However, the ultimate recoverable reserves are significant in the dedicated area, and when drilling levels improve, we will been a great position to benefit from the increased production. As important, this transaction gives us a presence in the area and allows us to pursue liquids-rich and crude oil plays that producers are developing in that part of East Texas. Now, let me address the transactions from a financial perspective. With the synergies we anticipate to capture through the Prism assets, the increase in liquids-rich volumes we expect at the Waskom plant and our producers current production profiles, we estimate that we paid approximately 7x 2013 EBITDA for the Amoruso and Prism assets combined. On an operating income basis, we expect Amoruso to contribute $9 million to $12 million per year over the next several years, and Prism to contribute $28 million to $33 million of operating income per year. Finally, the Prism and Amoruso assets, in conjunction with the existing assets in our footprint, strategically positions us as a key gathering, processing and transportation service provider in the region, serving as a foundation for significant growth in the years ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Carla.
Carla Kneipp: Thank you, Greg. We will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Sarah, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: If I could just follow-up on Greg, on that last comment you made, and appreciate the additional detail. Is that 7x EBITDA? And I guess, this is really more for Prism, the $28 million to $33 million of targeted income. Is the confidence in that coming from the level of synergies that you see, that you can take out? Or is it more coming or equally coming from an ongoing expected activity ramp, drilling ramp, in the area?
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. I think, definitely, the 3 components that I pointed out, Carl. It's definitely the synergies. We expect to see significant synergies as we operate these amongst the interstate pipelines we have and, obviously, the existing field services facilities in that area. But we are also see a richer gas stream already coming into the plant than what we saw last year and at the beginning of this year. We expect that to continue to increase in richness, based on some of the deals that we're negotiating and will be coming on by the end of the year. Plus, the producers that we are in concert with have given us their production profiles through 2013, so we see that ramp-up coming in, and that we expect the plant to full by year-end.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: To be full by year end. Okay. And one other question if I could. Just the comment, make sure I heard it correctly, that looking at a Bakken crude oil gathering line and then recognizing -- might still be in negotiating phase, but I'd be curious if you could give us some more color, both how -- since you're not sort of currently a crude gathering player, how that came about, as well as what type of investment size might we be dealing with.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, I'll take the first part and let David address the investment side, if we can. This is a relationship oriented deal. A very large producer, major assets, to take a look at that with them as their sole-sourced gatherer. If we can negotiate it with them. As far as crude versus natural gas liquids versus natural gas gathering, a few of the specs are a little bit different based on codes, the DOT codes. But other than that, it's welding pipe and operating a system. It's some pumps versus compression. We have the technical capabilities in-house. I'd also say that the Prism acquisition was very strategic since we're picking up employees that actually have experience in that area as well. So we feel very good about it. I feel very confident in our ability to execute on the capital. This preliminary survey and investigation processes is to confirm our capital that we anticipate. So that's actually why we're doing it. We want to measure that what we thought we could do, on a preliminary basis, is what we can go out there and execute on. And David, on the investment side?
David M. McClanahan: You know I think it is going to depend, in part, on our confirmation through this right away, in survey work. Between $100 million and $200 million is the relative size for just this particular system. Now, of course, our long-term desire is to be able to expand that system and serve other customers in the area as well. But, certainly, this individual -- just this project, would be in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Appreciate all the detail on the transactions. One thing that I'm little bit unsure of though is the commodity risk. So when you think about these 2 deals and your plans to invest organically around them, how do you think of the mix of fee-based arrangements versus percentage of proceeds?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, as you know, we are already 50% owners of Waskom. So we have just doubled our commodity exposure. But I think David and I have addressed, on several calls before, that nearly 50% of the Waskom inlet is based on fee-based. And we also have the right, if liquids prices go extremely down, we have the right convert all of the volumes to fee-based. So the right balance, I think we have a very good balance right now, with what we're taking on. Again, the Amoruso transaction is a volume commitment transaction, so that gives us guaranteed revenues with that stream. So, I think, as we go and balance our field services portfolio, we're looking at solid fee-based investments with some, investments have maybe a moderate level of commodity exposure.
David M. McClanahan: I don't have anything to add there. I think we're comfortable with this amount of commodity exposure and the fact that we can move it into fixed fee if we decide that's what we want to do.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Great. And just one other question. Is you talked about the desire to keep the balance between the regulated and more unregulated businesses. A lot of the commentaries sounds like you have a ton of opportunity to invest in these nonregulated businesses, but historically the electric utility has been about 1/2 of operating earnings, becomes about 2/3 regulated when you add the gas distribution. Any high-level thoughts on maybe what those percentages might look like in 2, 3 years or so?
C. Gregory Harper: It's hard to say. We're spending a lot more money now, just organically, in our electric and gas distribution business than we did in the past. I expect that we're going to have more opportunities, just in our current footprint, to increase those investments. And we are going to -- we continue to look at things outside of our footprint. But when I think about our regulated side, and I include the interstate pipes in that, certainly, that's going to represent 75% or more of our earnings for the next 3 to 5 years. We do expect field services to become a more important component. But our regulated business is going to be our predominant asset and business, for our company, for long term.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: First of all, just flesh out a little more of your comments. I think I heard you say that the remaining cash that you have currently sitting, which I think is just north of $700 million on the true-up. You would expect to deploy that over the next 18 months? Did I hear that, right? And when should we see returns on that and how should we be quantifying or thinking about returns of that cash being put to use?
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, I think that, by the end of next year, I'm confident, we'll have deployed that cash. And I think, as we make these investments, we'll start realizing the benefit of many of those investments. To the extent it's in organic, new regulated investments, which some of it will be. There is a little lag associated with that. We do have trackers, both on the electric side and gas aside. So there could be a little lag. But it's not going to very much lag at all, with these investments, even on the regulated side. It will occur between now and the end of next year.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And my second question. If I think about the implications of that investment to the underlying earnings growth power of your company, could you gave us some sense of how we should think about -- let's take the 2012 base, what should be the earnings, annual earnings growth for the company, a, organically and then as cash has been deployed? How should we be thinking about the incremental change as that is happening?
C. Gregory Harper: Let's think about it from 2011 base, on a normalized basis, which is kind of the way we've described it in the past. Our goal is to be able to grow earnings for the company, in the 4% to 6% range annually. And that would not necessarily be smooth, it'll be a little bit lumpy, but that's on a 5-year basis. We have plenty of growth in our rate base, as you heard us say, for Houston Electric and our gas LDCs. And then the big growth is going to have come from our field services side and our midstream businesses. And what we're indicating this morning is we have a fair amount of confidence that we're going to be able to do that. The recent acquisitions, plus just the amount of activity we're involved with, gives us confidence we're going to be able to do that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just to be clear, sorry. One thing, to be clear on that. So the 4% to 6% would be there whether you deploy this excess cash or not? The cash deployment is not changing that equation?
C. Gregory Harper: Our objective is to grow at that rate, right? And so, we're going to be deploying some of this cash in that process, but that's our long-term growth potential. Near term, because of the amount of cash that we have in our regulated utilities, amount of investments, it will not necessarily be just straight line. It could be a little lumpy, but that's our long-term goal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Edwards with Crdit Suisse.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I could just follow up on the last question, maybe ask a different way. As far as the excess cash, what's your expectation for the incremental growth from deploying that cash?
C. Gregory Harper: We're trying to figure out another way to say it.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I mean, 1%, 2%? I mean, on top of your 4% to 6% objective, would you expect that your investment opportunity set, or landscape that you're looking at, would you expect 1% to 2% on top of your sort of 5% objective or how should we think about that?
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. The fact that we have cash on our balance sheet doesn't change our opportunity set. What it does is it provides us a very good financing amount of dollar. We don't have to pay any incremental cost to this, we just have to put it to work. And I think that we're going to be able to do that. So I think -- we do factor in the fact that we don't have to pay any incremental cost for this $600 million, $700 million of cash we have on our balance sheet. So, from that standpoint, there's clearly an upside there. But the fact that we have the cash on our balance sheet really doesn't change our opportunity set and we'd be going after the same investments whether we had the money or not.
John Edwards - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then if we could just kind of revisit the MLP issue briefly. In terms of your thought process there, I guess there's some sort of a critical mass or sustainability you're trying to achieve. And maybe if you could just review that issue.
C. Gregory Harper: No. What we said this morning is that we're more and more confident that we're going to be able to invest regularly in this business. We said, I think in the past, that we need to see visibility of $300 million to $400 million of kind of ongoing annual capital expenditures in these businesses, and we're getting more and more confident we're going to be able to achieve that. And so, as Gary said, the MLP becomes very attractive from a financing standpoint as we see that come to fruition. So, certainly, the MLP is still on the table, and whenever we get to the point where we need financing, we will absolutely look at it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David, I was wondering if you could kind of differentiate if there's different skill set that's needed between building and operating, gathering and processing facilities for crude oil versus natural gas liquids?
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I think you need a -- there is a different skill set. I don't think it's necessarily harder or -- not harder, but you have to know what you're doing. I've actually spent a fair amount of time with Greg on this very subject, talking with him about do we have the skill sets, do we have the talent? And we have people on staff that have done this before. They're very familiar with it. And as Greg said, we have some folks that we are acquiring as part of this recent acquisition. That is going to further add to our internal capabilities. So, yes, you need different skill sets. But I think we have them and we can acquire those that we don't have.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Is it any more riskier to run kind of crude oil gathering in pipeline systems than it is to run kind of just natural gas and NGL systems?
David M. McClanahan: Our internal staff does not believe this.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question, maybe, just on the same topic. A lot of producers seem to want to hold onto their crude oil sort of gathering and processing systems while they seem okay kind of handing off the NGL natural gas gathering systems to the midstream companies. Is there any reason why you think that a lot of these companies are holding onto these assets are building out their own infrastructure rather than handing it off to someone like you?
David M. McClanahan: The only thing I'd say -- I'm not sure we can answer that. But we've responded to RFPs that have a crude component in it. And then we talked to you about the one project that we're pursuing right now. So you may be correct, but our experience is that they're not necessarily holding onto the crude part of this. And I think, as commodity prices have fallen, you've seen producers want to let somebody else handle the infrastructure. And whether that continues or not, we'll just have to wait and see.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. On Waskom, the fractionator there. Now that you control 100% of it, is there any desire to expand that fractionation unit or expand the entire system?
C. Gregory Harper: I think our anticipation is, based on some producer profile curves, we'll be hopefully looking at an expansion in the near term. But I'm not quite sure if the fractionation capacity is able to put on a whole new train.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on the -- I guess this might be for Greg, on the acquisition details. The numbers that you gave for Prism, and for the 2 projects, were those EBITDA or income numbers? The 28 to 30 and the 9 to 12.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, the 9 to 12, operating income parameter, so was operating income. And 28 to 33 is operating income for Prism. The multiple that I mentioned, the 7x 2013, was on an EBITDA basis.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And that's off the $360 million spend?
C. Gregory Harper: Correct.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. And, I mean, that's obviously, for an acquisition, this sector seems very attractive, given where most of the other types of properties trade. When you're looking at these other potential opportunities, are you seeing the potential to be able to get stuff in that area? Or...
C. Gregory Harper: I think the deals that David mentioned are going to be greenfield-type build-outs. So, hopefully, we would be building those at 4x to 6x. It's what you typically try to build-out new facilities at.
David M. McClanahan: I think, when it goes the acquisitions, I think this is on the low side. But, it really goes to the fact that we had facilities and operations in and around our Prism assets. And with this acquisition, we're going to be able to do more with the combination of all of these that somebody that wasn't in our position couldn't do. We were in a unique position to be able to do this, and so that's what we're trying to capitalize on here. If it was in an area that we didn't operate in. For us to get this kind of multiple is probably pretty hard.
C. Gregory Harper: I would also add that we have very good relationships, both with Martin Midstream and also, as I mentioned in my remarks, with Encana. And these deals come about through those types of relationships as opposed to them taking these assets out to bid.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just in thinking about this. I mean, '13 is the first full year. I'm not sure you've gotten -- will you have, essentially, the full benefit from these investments in '13 or will there be some additional benefit after that?
David M. McClanahan: Yes. I think, one reason why we give 2013, that is a first full operational year. We think, obviously we'll integration expenses here, through the balance of this year, plus we're ramping up production. I think, it's going to take 2 full years for all of the synergies to play out for the fullest effect. But 2013 is going to be a good representation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 cleanup questions, actually on the second quarter, specifically. One, I didn't know and appreciate the weather impact on the LDC side. May was pretty hot down here, as you guys know. Did CE get a weather bump as well? I mean, it looks like it was 14% warmer than normal, but I don't know if we got a bump in the EBIT?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, let me kind of explained that. The LDC impact was in April. And it was -- there's usually some weather, especially in Minnesota, in some of our Northern areas. And we didn't get any weather. And so that was $4 million or $5 million impact on the LDC. Certainly, May and June didn't impact the LDC. On the other hand, last year, at Houston Electric, the second quarter was really warm. And so when you compare this year to last year, we were behind, probably $8 million, $9 million. We made up that. Now, compared to normal though, we were ahead. We were ahead of normal weather, probably in that same range, $8 million, $10 million.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So net collectively, we probably had a small weather benefit for the quarter?
Gary L. Whitlock: Compared to normal.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Compared to normal, right.
Gary L. Whitlock: That's right.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then second question, if I could, just to kind of dot the Is. The midstream volumes for the second quarter, can we continue to split that out via legacy and shale?
C. Gregory Harper: It's certainly getting tougher, Carl. Most of our -- especially, as we add in these new assets going forward but...
Unknown Executive: [indiscernible]
C. Gregory Harper: 36% was traditional this quarter. So it's looking like 60-40, it's going to kind of hold there. As I tried to look at the quarter compared to the previous quarter, our traditional plays, we still saw some erosion of volumes there. We're offsetting those volumes with the Amoruso and Prism, but it's probably in the 1% to 2% decline range, from last quarter, our traditional basins, and that will continue unless we get some drilling in those areas. But it's not a real steep decline, because once these things kind of get through the big steep decline the first year or 2, then it's an annual decline but at a much more slower rate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: David, just one follow-up question. The past you've told us you're, obviously, not a traditional utility company, given your mix. You're more of a conglomerate of assets. So when you look your mix right now, the cash sitting on your balance sheet, do you believe that the public equity market is correctly valuing your stock? Or is there a scenario to unlock shareholder value by separating out the company. I understand the argument on the financing need. But forgetting that for a second. Just from unlocking shareholder value, do you think you're properly priced in the market today or could there be shareholder value unlocked if you were to look at yourselves as 2 separate companies?
David M. McClanahan: A fair question, Ali. I would say that we try to provide enough clarity around all of our businesses that you can do some of the parts valuation and get full value. I think, conglomerates, if that's what you want to call it typically don't -- they always trade at a little bit of a discount. There's value, some, in conglomerates. We talk about the value of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas, and we truly see that as a value to our shareholders. But we continue to look for ways to unlock value. Some people have said MLPs will do that. We're certainly are sensitive to that and continue to study that. But we want to make sure our company is trading at full value. I would say that our view is we still have some upside it. And we continue to try to make sure there's enough information in the market that the market can properly value us.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: So one follow-up on that. In that context, as you're looking at your investment opportunities and you're looking at potentially investing in their own stock. From a return perspective, if your stock, in your mind, is not being valued today, do share buybacks have a higher degree in your scheme of investments?
David M. McClanahan: Good question again. I would say that, our analysis of that, based on the alternative, which is to invest in these kind of projects, it's better to invest than buy back stock. That's been our conclusion. I guess it's obvious, we'd be buying back stock if we didn't think that.
Carla Kneipp: Since we do not have any further questions, I will now turn the call back to David for a few comments.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Let me close this morning by acknowledging a colleague of mine who is going to be retiring. I think many of you know that Marianne Paulsen has been head of our Investor Relations group since we formed CenterPoint 10 years ago. She's interfaced with most of the people on this call. Some more frequently than others, but I know you've all talked to her and her staff. Marianne has done a simply, an outstanding job for the company. She's a wonderful representative of the company. And as you know, she's the consummate IR professional. And of course, she's always sought to answer all of your questions as clearly and as frankly as possible. And in our early days, just explaining some of the nomenclature was a challenge. You remember the ECOM days, in those days, not very much fun. We're going to miss Marianne a lot here at CenterPoint. And I know you'll all join me in wishing Marianne a wonderful retirement as she relocates to Florida with her husband. Marianne, thank you for your dedicated service to the company and for being such a good friend to all of us. With that, I want to thank everybody, for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen -  David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Scott Prochazka - Division Senior Vice President of Electric Operations Tracy B. Bridge - Senior Vice President and Division President of Gas Distribution Operations C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Energy Pipelines & Field Services Joseph B. McGoldrick - President of Natural Gas Operations Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David Frank Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Beverly. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will provide highlights on key activities, and our business unit leaders will discuss the first quarter 2012 results for their respective segments. In addition to these senior executives, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks.  Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC.  Before David begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time on Thursday, May 10, 2012. To access the replay, please call 1 (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406, and enter the conference ID number 65391356.  You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, I will discuss our consolidated results for the first quarter of 2012. As a change to what we have done in prior quarters, I have asked our business unit leadership, Scott Prochazka, Tracy Bridge, Greg Harper and Joe McGoldrick to provide comments on their respective units performance in the quarter and give their perspectives on trends and expectations for their businesses. And finally, Gary will provide an update on a few items including guidance.  We had a solid first quarter given the extremely mild winter weather and low natural gas prices. This morning, we reported net income of $147 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, compared to $148 million or $0.35 per diluted share for the same period of 2011. Operating income for the first quarter of 2012 was $338 million compared to $364 million for the same period last year. Our gas distribution unit, and to a lesser extent, our Competitive Gas Sales and Services business, were impacted by the mild winter weather. Houston Electric had a very solid quarter, and our midstream businesses met expectations. The diversity of our portfolio certainly helped maintain our earnings this quarter. I'll now ask each of our business unit heads to give more detail around their earnings and prospects. We'll start with Scott Prochazka, the President of our Electric Operations.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Houston Electric's first quarter performance was excellent. This year's operating income exceeded the first quarter of last year despite mild weather and the impact of rates implemented last September, which reduced operating income by $11 million. Revenues were bolstered by continued customer growth, a modest increase in usage, return associated with the recovery of true-up proceeds, and increased ancillary revenues, primarily from right-of-way leases. Altogether, the quarter was $2 million favorable to last year.  We serve one of the most vibrant areas in the nation and the prospects for Houston Electric are exciting. We continue to enjoy a growing service territory with more than 42,000 customers added since the first quarter of last year. More than 93,000 jobs were added during the 12 months ending in February of 2012. And this rate of growth is projected to continue throughout the rest of the year. The Houston unemployment rate is currently 7.2%, down from a peak of 8.8%. Houston is the fourth largest city and the fifth most populous metropolitan area in the country. And the population growth rate of 2% is expected to continue for the next several years.  Another key driver of growth is low natural gas prices, which support expansion in our refining, base chemicals and downstream products industries. These new facilities will require transmission and substation investments to serve a growing power requirement. Additionally, in response to the Panama Canal widening, facilities at or near the port of Houston are being expanded to accommodate an increase in cargo movement. This will bring general, commercial and industrial growth, as well as direct low growth associated with the installation of new, larger electric short range [ph] .  Commercial development is also strengthening. Our world-class medical center continues to grow with the addition of 2 million square feet by the end of 2014. Additionally, new multipurpose campuses are being developed, such as the new ExxonMobil corporate campus and nearby development, that will include 5,000 homes along with 10 million square feet of commercial office and retail space.  From a reliability standpoint, we are continuing our efforts to strengthen the grid by modifying our practices around pole management, circuit inspection, vegetation management and new construction. Further, we are adding operating and control infrastructure that will provide essential redundancy and comply with new federal regulations.  By midyear of 2012, we will complete our advanced metering system deployment. This has been a very successful project with relatively few issues and no significant delays. To address the growing infrastructure needs of the Houston service territory, our capital investments will remain robust. Even with our advanced metering project drawing to a close, annual capital expenditures are projected to average over $500 million per year for the next 5 years, leading to a 4% annualized growth and rate base. As you may recall, last summer was Houston's hottest on record and this winter was the mildest in over 50 years. So it is unlikely that Houston Electric will equal its 2011 performance. In addition, the adverse impact of the rate case implemented last September will be experienced for the full year in 2012. However, with the benefit of strong growth, ongoing cost management, transmission cost recovery filings and additional ancillary revenues, we expect Houston Electric to have a good year and return its authorized rate of return. Since we now have capital trackers in place for both distribution and transmission investment, we don't anticipate the need for a major Houston Electric rate case for the next several years.  I'll now turn the call over to Tracy Bridge, President of our Gas Distribution business.
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott, and good morning. For our gas LDCs, this quarter was all about weather. Although our first quarter revenues were approximately $52 million lower than the first quarter of last year due to weather, we were able to mitigate $28 million of that impact through weather normalization adjustments or weather hedges. When compared to normal, the weather impact was approximately $42 million, which was mitigated by $22 million through these mechanisms. Operation and maintenance expenses were favorable to the first quarter of last year, primarily due to $5 million of reduced bad debt expense. Our credit and collection practices, along with low natural gas prices and mild weather, continued to reduce bad debt expense and we are working diligently on expense management across our business unit. Our service areas continue to grow with more than 13,000 customers added since the first quarter of last year.  As Scott mentioned, Houston is a growing service territory. We are also experiencing growth in other areas of Texas, as well as in Minnesota and Mississippi. Unemployment rates are flat-to-down and housing starts are up from a year ago in all 6 states where we operate. Improved operations and customer service continue to be top priorities. We expect to benefit from efficiencies gained from technology advances and utility operations. For example, we are deploying advanced metering technology in our Houston, Texas Coast and South Texas service areas, which will increase productivity by allowing us to read 10,000 meters per vehicle per day compared to 500 meters per person per day. We are very focused on serving our customers more efficiently and effectively and we continue to expand our conservation improvement programs.  We implemented a number of customer self-service options that allow greater automation and faster service. We believe these types of efforts are paying off. We recently earned the second highest score in the American Customer Satisfaction Index for investor-owned gas and electric utilities in the U.S. and a first place ranking in the midwest region of the J.D. Power Annual Residential Customer Satisfaction Survey for gas utilities. System safety and reliability also remain a top priority. As David mentioned on the fourth quarter call, we expect capital expenditures to exceed $350 million a year over the next 5 years, a significant increase over the historical run rate of about $200 million a year for this business unit. These increases in capital expenditures are primarily related to distribution system upgrades and will result in annual rate base growth of over 6%.  Similar to the mechanisms Scott mentioned for Houston Electric, we also have rate adjustment mechanisms in place in several jurisdictions that allow more timely recovery of capital costs. One such mechanism is the Gas Reliability Infrastructure Program, or G.R.I.P., available in Texas. The law provides for annual filings and we recently made GRIP filings in both our Houston and South Texas jurisdictions, requesting a combined $12 million increase in annual revenues. These new rates will begin in July 2012.  In summary, we will continue to focus on expense management and employee rate adjustment mechanisms to mitigate the significant impacts of weather to date.  Now I'll turn the call over to Greg Harper, Group President of Pipelines and Field Services.
C. Gregory Harper: Thank you, Tracy. Low gas prices were the story in the midstream business, but our pipeline performed as expected and our Field Services unit continues to grow. Let me begin with our Pipelines business. Operating income was $60 million, a decline of $16 million from the first quarter of 2011. Total revenues of $13 million were due primarily to the expiration of a backhaul agreement on our Carthage to Perryville pipeline in midyear 2011. The warm winter also affected loads across our system with lower than normal and considerably lower than the first quarter of last year. Low gas prices and significantly compressed basis spreads adversely affected our office and sales. The combined effect of these 2 factors produced about a $3 million decline compared to the same quarter last year. We don't expect that pattern to change much until we see a return of locational basis spreads and gas price volatility in our market areas.  On a positive note, we saw improved results in our ancillary services, which increased by about $3 million over the first quarter 2011. As you may know, ancillary services include natural gas processing and treating, as well as balancing services like park and loans or PALS. Processing margins continue to be strong due to an increase in volumes of high BTU content gas coming into our pipelines from liquids-rich plays in East Texas and Northwest Louisiana. PALS also provided improved results in the first quarter.  As you may recall, we restructured and extended our agreements with our natural gas distribution facilities in 2010. Due to the seasonal structure in these agreements, results for the first quarter of 2012 led to increase of about $4 million compared to the same quarter last year. These agreements became effective in March 2011. And so for the balance of this year, we expect comparable results to last year.  Our operations and maintenance expenses increased by about $7 million compared to the first quarter of 2011. However, last year's result included the favorable settlement of an insurance claim that reduced our operations and maintenance fixed messages [ph] By about $4 million. Equity earnings from our investment in the Southeast Supply Header, a joint venture with Spectra, was $6 million in 2012, a $2 million increase from the first quarter of the prior year. A restructured and extended contract with an anchor shipper near the end of 2011 will result in an improvement in SESH's 2012 operating results.  Now I'll turn to the Field Services first quarter results. Operating income from our Field Services business increased by $11 million to $47 million compared to the first quarter of 2011. Despite low natural gas prices, our revenues and margins remained strong, clearly highlighting the value of our fee-based contracting strategy, which emphasizes volume commitments and guarantee returns on our capital deployed. Total gathering volumes for the quarter increased by nearly 30% or 237 billion cubic feet in 2012 across our entire gathering network. More than 70% of those volumes came from the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford shale plays. Average daily throughput across our system grew 2.6 billion cubic feet per day for the quarter compared to 2 billion cubic feet per day during the first quarter of 2011. Volumes from our Haynesville Shale gathering system in North Louisiana averaged over 1.1 billion cubic feet per day in the first quarter of 2012. These volumes reflect throughput from shale and Encana production, as well as third-party shippers on the systems and is slightly down from the fourth quarter. But the higher margins from the increasing gathering throughput was partially offset by significant decline in natural gas prices, which reduced our margins for sales of retained natural gas by approximately $6 million compared to the first quarter of last year.  Our average realized price for gas was nearly $1.25 lower than the first quarter 2011 and nearly $0.50 lower than last quarter. These low gas prices, if sustained, will adversely impact our full-year results.  Operation and maintenance expenses declined primarily as a result of ongoing efforts to reduce rental expenses for compression and treating facilities. However, new assets put into place to replace these rentals, combined with new facilities built handoff [ph] Haynesville shale growth resulted in increases and depreciation and taxes other than income. Late last year, Waskom, our processing joint venture, placed a 30 million -- 35 million cubic feet per day client [ph] Expansion into service that included greater liquids offloading capabilities, a new rail loading facility, which provides greater access to premium liquids markets for Waskom customers. Equity earnings from our 50% share of Waskom were $3 million, an increase of $1 million over the first quarter of 2011.  Now I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss what the midstream businesses are focused on this year. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing significant activity in the liquids-rich natural gas areas. Both at pipelines and at self services we are actively pursuing several opportunities in and around our footprint including the Cana/Woodford in Western Oklahoma, the Mississippi Lime in Northern Oklahoma and Southern Kansas, and the Cotton Valley play in East Texas.  We have a presence near this place, as well as access to end-use markets and to the Perryville hub, which we believe makes us an attractive option to the producers developing these areas. Our pipelines are also well positioned to capture opportunities from power generation customers. There are 22 gas-fired power plants currently attached to our system, of which, more than half are under contract for firm services in excess of 800 million cubic feet per day. We're in active discussions to increase contracted levels as gas power generation becomes more of a base load rather than a peaking load for the electric power markets.  We recently vowed to amend our Centerpoint Energy gas transmission tariff with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to allow our customers to choose the Perryville hub as a delivery and receipt point rather than specific points within the hub. Concurrently, we filed the application with the Intercontinental Exchange, or ICE, to make the Perryville hub a trading point for ICE transactions. We believe our customers will find it beneficial to be able to use ICE to settle their physical transactions. These actions, along with the fact that we have significant interconnectivity with other pipelines and storage assets within the hub, will provide our customers with added flexibility.  In addition, we continue to develop great strategies for our 2 interstate pipelines. More specifically, in order to address the increased costs on our pipeline today, we have initiated a settlement process with customers for a new tariff structure on our Mississippi river transmission pipeline. This proposed rate structure will not only update our cost of service, but provides a tracking mechanism for recovering costs associated with environmental and safety regulations.  Much like our Pipeline group, our Field Services group is pursuing liquid-rich opportunities within the reach of our gathering and processing footprint. We are also finding that the current low gas price environment is presenting new opportunities to acquire producer-owned gathering systems, as well as to partner with producers as they conduct their initial development in new shale plays. We recognize that we're currently operating in a challenging natural gas environment. However, we're pleased with the overall performance for our midstream business.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Joe McGoldrick, President of our Competitive Energy Services business.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Greg. Our Energy Services business had an active quarter in which we positioned the business for the future. After adjusting for the timing-related variances of mark-to-market accounting and the write-down of inventory to lower of cost or market, operating income declined by $6 million from the same quarter of last year. Two major contributors to the decline were the mild weather and the low gas prices as discussed by the other business presidents. The mild weather caused lower usage by our commercial customers and the low gas price, low volatility market environment had the effect of compressing unit margins.  Although the financial results were down, it was not unexpected, and there were several positive developments during the quarter. First, margins from seasonal storage spreads have improved and we should realize better fourth quarter results. For example, margins that averaged $0.50 to $0.60 per MMBTU last year are averaging $0.70 to $0.80 this year with some recent deals exceeding $1. Next, the strategic repositioning we implemented last year is gaining traction. That strategy involved a greater focus in growing our retail business and a corresponding reduction of fixed costs by rightsizing our pipeline transportation capacity used to serve retail customers. As an indicator of our progress, our retail commercial business grew in both customer additions and throughput in the first quarter despite the challenging environment. We added over 2,500 customers since the first quarter of last year, a 21% increase. 1,400 of the new customers came from an acquisition we made late last year and 1,100 from our existing markets. Also, through our fixed cost reduction strategy, we have either not renewed or negotiated early releases of uneconomic capacity. These actions will reduce our fixed costs and improve our margins as the year progresses. In 2012 alone, we will see approximately $15 million of fixed cost savings.  Going forward, we expect that this strategic realignment will yield better and more stable results consistent with CenterPoint's investment thesis. Moreover, we continue to see viable investment opportunities at CES' intrastate pipeline through customer interconnects as the growth appears to be very robust in the petrochemical and other energy-intensive industries on the Gulf Coast.  In conclusion, we are pleased with our progress. We believe the business has turned the corner to once again become a contributor to CenterPoint Energy's earnings growth.  And with that, I will now turn the call over to Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. Today, I would like to discuss a few items with you. First, I'd like to provide you with an update on the use of cash we received from the sale of the transition bonds in January. As I mentioned last quarter, in addition to paying off our outstanding commercial paper borrowings of approximately $200 million, we reacquired tax exempt debt as a parent company with a principal amount of $375 million, and a weighted average interest rate of 5.4%. In addition to these actions on April 1, we retired approximately $46 million of maturing tax exempt debt in Houston Electric with a coupon of 3.625%. In total, we have paid down debt by more than $600 million, which will result in a reduction in interest expense in 2012 of approximately $19 million or $0.03 per diluted share. Our objective for the remaining $1-plus billion in cash is to have our businesses invest the money in accretive, long-term projects and we are working diligently to do so.  We continue to receive questions about our financing strategy for our midstream business, especially whether or not we intend to form an MLP. As we have previously said, the key variable for us is ensuring that we have visible long-term growth opportunities that merit the formation and use of an MLP.  Now let me discuss our 2012 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release, we reaffirmed our estimate for earnings in the range of $1.08 to $1.20 per diluted share. As previously discussed, we have developed our earnings guidance range by using a number of variables such as commodity prices, volume throughput, weather, regulatory proceedings and our effective tax rate. Clearly, the extremely mild winter weather and low natural gas prices have been negatives to earnings in the first quarter. On the other hand, the earnings performance of Houston Electric and a lower effective tax rate have been positive. We have taken into account the benefit of the debt reductions I mentioned earlier. However, we have not assumed any additional uses of our cash in developing these earnings range. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations.  And finally, I would like to remind you of the $0.2025 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 26. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence of the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. I will now turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open the call to questions. [Operator Instructions] Beverly, would you please give the instructions on how to ask the questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Carl Kirst with CenterPoint Energy (sic) [BMO Capital Markets].
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: A couple of quick questions on Field Services, if I could. Last call, we were targeting the Mississippi Lime just because of the lack of infrastructure and it was sort of early days. I didn't know as that area kind of continues to crop up on several competitor's radar screen. How you are currently seeing progress in that area, if there's any further color you can add there?
C. Gregory Harper: Carl, this is Greg. We've announced a project in that area called White Eagle a couple months ago and to garner some traction. We continue to discuss with several producers about that project. What we're finding is some of the larger producers that have more than acreage have to defer their RFP processes to midyear to end of the year. And so we're kind of still in sync with what's going on, on the timing there. But we are very actively pursuing that Mississippi Lime area.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. No, I appreciate that. And then just a follow-up on Field Services. Again, I just want to make sure I understand if there are any nuances to be aware of? Sequentially, as we look from fourth quarter of '11 to first quarter, the volume seemed to be very much intact. The EBIT is obviously down. One of the easy things is the retained fuel will lower gas prices. That didn't seem to me that, that would be the whole of it. And I just want to make sure there isn't anything else there going on to be aware of?
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I think on a -- for the top line, definitely fuel, the $0.50 difference from fourth quarter to first quarter on the same amount of retained gas is going to drive several million dollars there in and of itself. The other is, those expenses are great. We had volumes and projects at the very end of last year, so we'll have a little bit higher expenses. And then, I mean at EBIT level, I mean not EBITDA, but we are, we kick in depreciation at the beginning of the year as well on those assets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Okay. And then just actually one other question if I could. Are you guys okay with breaking out on CES sort of the retail and wholesale components going forward or for the first quarter I should say?
David M. McClanahan: Carl, this is David. We really don't look at that business now as retail versus wholesale. We have some wholesale asset, these transportation assets and storage assets, but they're really designed to serve our retail customer base. So we really look at this as a pure retail business that we do optimize around those assets and have made money in the past, but we don't really now think about that as a separate division or line of business within CES.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: David, in the past you had mentioned to us, as you were thinking about the use of cash that you would look for opportunities, be disciplined. But as summer rolled around and you had not seen opportunities, you'd reassess what the plans were going to be. So I just wanted to get a little more insight on that thinking? And the debt pay down, I see that, but the kind of returns, 5% or thereabouts -- I'm assuming you are expecting a higher return from the remaining $1.1 billion or so of cash? So we are getting close to the middle of the year. Can you just tell us what is the opportunity out there if it's not fee services? Is it more regular utility? What should we be looking for?
David M. McClanahan: Ali, we are and we did talk about midyear this year we'd give you an update around the opportunities we see, and we still plan to do that on our next call. But we're pursuing a number of opportunities particularly in the midstream area right now. We're seeing a lot of things pop up, whether it's opportunities to buy some existing assets from producers or whether it's to respond to RFPs that were -- to put in new infrastructure. But I would expect by the next call, we're going to have insight around our opportunities there and whether or not we're going to think we're going to be successful. As Greg mentioned, we don't control the timing of a lot of these things. I think the producer, if they pull an RFP and push it off until the fourth quarter, we can't control that. But I think we will have more insight the next time we talk and we intend to give you more color on that.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And one follow-up. Excluding that use of that cash, if you just look at your existing portfolio, both the regulated, nonregulated and the opportunities and the growth embedded in there, what kind of EPS growth rate do you believe this portfolio can generate for you off this 2012 base you've given us?
David M. McClanahan: Our internal target is we want to grow EPS by 4% to 6% annually. It can be a little lumpy in there. But we think this -- we have the kind of opportunities to do that. You heard both Scott and Tracy talk about rate-based growth at the electric side, it's 4%. On the gas distribution side, it's 6%. So in and of itself, I think from the pure regulated businesses, we're going to have some good growth there. But the -- we'll need to have some growth in the midstream business to achieve the upper end of that growth range.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And just to be clear, not factoring in anything from that extra $1 billion in cash or is that also incorporated in there?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, we're going to be using probably some of that $1 billion in these regulated businesses because we're spending between just Houston Electric and the Gas Distribution business, we'll spend almost $900 million in 2012. So there is a lot of growth there, but on top of the -- and either we use the money that we have now or -- and if we use that on something else, we'll have to probably finance part of that in the future. But I think we have plenty of opportunities on our pure regulated businesses to grow earnings.
Operator: Your next question is coming from David Frank with Catapult.
David Frank: Question -- are you -- Ali started to ask it there, I guess, but are you also looking at regulated utility acquisitions as a potential use of the cash? And is that an acceptable -- could that be an acceptable alternative to midstream investments?
David M. McClanahan: Maybe it can be, absolutely can be. You don't see quite as many opportunities in that space as you do in the midstream space. There are a couple of, I think, of near-term especially around that Gas Distribution businesses that may come on the market. But yes, there -- we look at across our full spectrum of businesses for opportunities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Just wanted to clarify something on the backhaul contracts. I believe you said it was a $13 million hit. In previous calls, you said it will be about a $10 million incremental for last year for the year. Does that mean that the second quarter shouldn't see any impact?
C. Gregory Harper: Andrew, this is, Greg. I think we were kind of looking at a -- what a number could be based on certain fuel levels and fuel retentions and gas prices. Obviously gas prices drops substantially. And when we're talking about that Line CP backhaul agreement, we encompassed several components of that. And a backhaul flow facilitates better fuel savings, which we did realize last year and we didn't realize this year. Plus, what we did realize in fuel savings was at a little lower price this year in the first quarter. Relative to second quarter and balance of the year, the backhaul arrangement went away midyear last year. So what we see on Line CP will just be really relative to our other re-contracting efforts on CP and that basis has shrunk dramatically on CP process system.
David M. McClanahan: The only thing I would add there, Andrew, is that we did have an extension of that backhaul agreement for 4 or 5 months in 2011 at a much lower rate than the original contract. And that extension has not -- is no longer in place. So there'll be a little bit of continuing impact there, but it's not going to be at the same level as the first quarter.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay, that's helpful. And then just to clarify your standing guidance, does that assume any re-contract extensions? Or would everything be incremental?
David M. McClanahan: I'm sorry, I didn't hear, re-contracting...
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Re-contracting or extensions. Does the current guidance assume nothing new? Or does that already embed some sort of assumption around filling in that expiration?
David M. McClanahan: Well, we have made our best guess, our best judgment of our contracts that expire this year and we have a few. And we've already renewed a number of those, as well as being able to take some of this space, whether it's backhaul space or other space and sell it to -- in the market. So we've made assumptions around that in our earnings guidance.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. And there's one additional one, sorry if I missed it. I jumped on the call a little bit late. What did weather-adjusted load growth look like at the Houston utility?
David M. McClanahan: Scott, do you have those numbers in front of you?
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the weather-adjusted, so the non-weather-based loan growth was about $3 million, is that right? It was $3 million for the first quarter. And a good amount of that came from the commercial side as opposed to residential.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: So what does that look like on a percentage of volume or megawatt hours?
Scott Prochazka: I'm sorry, what was the question?
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: What did weather-normalized load growth look like in terms of volumes and megawatts hours?
Scott Prochazka: Okay. Let me see if I can get that. We'll have to look for that number, and we can get that back to you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Quick question. When you look at the opportunity on Field Services, any sense of bracketing what you think the potential growth CapEx opportunity is there as some of these projects come to fruition?
David M. McClanahan: I hesitate to make an estimate because some of these are pretty big projects, and if we win one it'd be -- we could spend a lot of money here. But I think just conjecturing on that probably doesn't do any good at this stage.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then here's my last question, follow-up question, it might be a little nit-picky, but when we think about 4% to 6% type of growth going forward on EPS, what kind of base of earnings should we be thinking about because it's been a little bit lumpy over the last few years?
David M. McClanahan: Yes, 2011 was a particularly good year for us because of all of the weather-related benefits we got at Houston Electric. As I recall, Scott, it was about $55-plus million of weather-related revenues. So when I think about it, our re-based -- baseline, the 2011 earnings to kind of take out the weather and then you grow it 4% to 6% off of that.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Steve Fleishman with Bank of America.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, these ancillary revenues at CEHE, I think you mentioned they're in the quarter and you mentioned they're going to continue for the year. How much do you think they'll be for the year? And is this something that'll go on beyond this year?
Scott Prochazka: Steve, this is Scott, I'll take that. The way these revenues are coming in, we sign leases with these pipeline companies that are looking to move through our right-of-ways and they're one-time payments. So the increase that we got for the first quarter, those particular leases are not going to continue paying as we go through the rest of the year. But what we do see is continued interest in others that are trying to utilize those right-of-ways. So given the amount of activity in these nearby shale plays, we do continue to expect more coming in. I would be at a loss to estimate exactly what I think that number would be, but it was pretty sizable in the first quarter and it'd be hard to believe that, that rate would continue in terms of new ones coming through the balance of the year.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then one other separate question, I guess, for David. The -- back a while ago, you had talked about kind of midyear 2012 as being a bit of a focus date in terms of, if you don't have some projects looking at share buyback. Should we assume given that some of these project opportunities have been pushed out that midyear is not kind of a key date anymore?
David M. McClanahan: Steve, we will update that in our next call at the end of the second quarter. I don't want to -- there's a lots of things can happen over the next 3 months. So let's just kind of wait and see how the next 3 months kind of unfold. We've got a lot of lines in the water and we're pursuing a lot of different opportunities. Not giving up on investing some of this money this year. But we'll have a lot better, I think, insight into that as we report out in the second quarter. And if something happens between now and then, obviously, we'll announce it.
Marianne Paulsen: Beverly, do we have any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions. I'm sorry?
Marianne Paulsen: Okay, thank you very much, Beverly, since we don't have any further questions, we're going to end the call at this point. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen -  David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President C. Gregory Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Energy Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: David Frank Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John Patrick Moore - Harpswell Capital Management, LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call with Senior Management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Thea. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2011 earnings conference call.  Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2011 results and we'll also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to David and Gary, we have other members of management with us, who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-K filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. This quarter we have created supplemental materials which are also posted under the Investors section of our website. These materials are for informational purposes and we will not be referring to them during prepared remarks. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC.  Before David begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, March 7, 2012. To access the replay, please call 1 (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 01632104. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least 1 year.  And with that, I will now turn the call over to David.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. 2011 was a very good year for the company, 4 of our 5 business units had strong years both operationally and financially. We resolved the long standing issues associated with our 2004 true-up proceeding. And last month, we covered almost $1.7 billion of additional true-up cost through the issuance of securitization bonds. We're pleased this matter is finally behind us and we can now focus our full attention on the future.  This morning, we reported full year earnings of $1.36 billion or $3.17 per diluted share. Excluding the impacts of the true-up proceeding, net income would have been $546 million or $1.27 per diluted share, compared to $442 million or $1.7 per diluted share in 2010. So this was an outstanding year either way you look at it.  Our fourth quarter results were also solid. Net income was $117 million or $0.27 per diluted share compared to $124 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the fourth quarter of 2010. Fourth quarter earnings for 2011, on the same basis as we provide earnings guidance, would have been $0.26 per diluted share. This was above our expectations due principally to a lower effective tax rate associated with state income taxes. Our press release and 10-K provide the details around our financial results this past year. So I won't repeat the specifics.  I will however, summarize the performance of each unit and describe their prospects for 2012 and beyond. Houston Electric had its best year financially. Core operating income was $496 million compared to $427 million in 2010. Fourth quarter income was $62 million, up $6 million from 2010. Last summer's record heat was the biggest driver of Houston Electric's increased income.  In addition, we saw strong growth in Houston with over 45,000 new customers added last year. Our gas LDCs also had a good year. Operating income for the full year was $226 million or about $5 million below the record level of 2010. Fourth quarter income was $73 million compared to $86 million in 2010. While margin growth was modest last year, we were successful in our expense management efforts. As a result, on an overall basis, we earned at or near our authorized rate of return for the second consecutive year.  Our Interstate Pipelines achieved operating income of $248 million last year down from the $270 million in 2010. Income in the fourth quarter was $52 million compared to $63 million in the previous year. The decline in earnings for the full year and fourth quarter were almost completely attributable to the exploration of a backhaul contract on our Carthage to Perryville line.  Our Field Services unit had a very strong year. As a result of the investments we've made to gather and treat gas in several developing shale plays. Full year operating income was $189 million, compared to $151 million the previous year. Fourth quarter earnings were $53 million compared to $57 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. It is worth noting that operating income for 2010 reflected a gain of $21 million from the sale of some nonstrategic assets. Excluding that onetime gain, last year's fourth quarter earnings were up over 45% from 2010.  Our Competitive Gas Sales and Services business continued to struggle in 2011. Full year earnings were $6 million compared to $16 million in 2010. Fourth quarter earnings were $3 million compared to no operating income in the previous year. For the past 2 years, this unit has been burdened with uneconomic pipeline capacity contracts. However, we were able to accelerate the termination of some of those contracts last year, and most of the remaining uneconomic contracts will expire over the next 12 months.  Now let me turn to the future and give you some insight into each business units' prospects. Year in, year out, Houston Electric has been able to earn its regulated rate of return since we formed CenterPoint Energy in 2002. I expect that it will perform well this year. It has a solid and growing service territory. The Houston metropolitan area was the first area in the nation to replace the jobs lost during the economic downturn, and more than 80,000 jobs are expected to be created this year. We estimate that customer growth will equal or exceed the growth we experienced last year, which should add approximately $25 million in base revenues. However, Houston Electric is unlikely to equal its 2011 financial performance, which I -- as I indicated earlier was driven by record heat. This unusual weather added approximately $60 million to base revenues last year.  In addition, the negative impact of the rates implemented in September of last year will be experienced for the full year in 2012. We expect this to be approximately -- estimate this to be approximately $35 million. Over the longer term, Houston Electric should experience significant rate base growth. Annual capital expenditures are forecast to average between $500 million and $550 million over the next 5 years, resulting in annual rate base growth of over 4%. Because of the recently approved distribution cost recovery factor, together with the long-standing transmission cost recovery mechanism, we don't anticipate the need for a major Houston Electric rate case for the next several years. We anticipate rate-based growth at our gas LDCs as well. Over the next 5 years, capital expenditures are expected to exceed $350 million a year, compared to an historical run rate of about $200 million a year. These increased expenditures are primarily related to new pipeline integrity and safety requirements, and will result in an annual rate base growth of over 6%.   Although we have rate adjustment mechanisms in most jurisdictions, we will likely need to file a number of rate cases over the next 12 to 18 months. While the current low natural gas prices are positive for both Houston Electric and our gas LDCs, they can negatively affect our Midstream business. This is particularly true for our Field Services unit. As we've indicated in the past, we retained over 1.5% of all gas we gather. While the majority of our revenue stream is fee based, we do earn revenues from the sale of this retained gas. We estimate that each $1 change in natural gas prices will have about a $20 million impact on operating income this year.  In addition, as gas prices have fallen, rig activity in dry gas basins has also declined. This is most significant in our traditional gathering area, where we've seen some gathering volumes decline over 10% since 2010. Increasing gathering volumes in the shale plays however, have more than offset this decline. Overall, gathering volumes increased almost 30% last year and by year end we were gathering about 2.6 billion cubic feet per day. We expect total gathering volumes under our current contracts will increase about 15% to 20% this year.   Low natural gas prices in compressed basis differentials are also expected to impact our Interstate Pipelines. It is unlikely any significant new pipelines will be needed in the near term in our current Mid-Continent footprint, and there will be increased competition for new and existing customers.  In addition, the exploration of a backhaul agreement last year, will reduce operating income by approximately $10 million this year. However we believe there are continuing opportunities to serve customers on or near our pipelines particularly power generation customers. Over the last few years our Energy Services business has suffered like many others in the industry. As I indicated earlier, the principal drag on earnings has been related to uneconomic pipeline capacity agreements. We've taken actions to reduce our exposure to such agreements by an estimated $15 million this year.  Our retail business continues to do well and we expect 2012 will be a year of significant improvement for this business. Of course, we also expect to realize earnings benefits from the $1.7 billion of additional true-up costs we recovered last month. Earlier this year, we called or tendered for our $375 million of debt at the parent company. Gary will provide the details and earnings impact from this debt reduction in a few minutes.  As we indicated in our third quarter earnings call, we expect to invest the remaining proceeds in our existing businesses and to acquire similar assets. While we are not in a position to make any announcements today, I feel confident we will be successful in deploying a portion of these proceeds to expand our present businesses, and we are currently evaluating several possibilities particularly in the Field Services sector.  As I indicated earlier, we will also be required to make significant new capital investments in our existing regulated businesses to satisfy both growth and regulatory requirements. I'd like to remind you of the $20.25 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 19. This marks the 7th consecutive year that we have raised our dividend. We believe our dividend actions continues to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow.  Let me conclude by expressing my gratitude to our employees, through whose hard work we achieved not only an outstanding 2011, but excellent operating and financial performance since our inception in 2002. As many of you know, we face some significant challenges in our early years. But I think we are stronger today because of our success in overcoming them and I'm convinced our future is even brighter. We have terrific employees, well-positioned assets and business units and a balanced and diversified portfolio, which can excel under a variety of market conditions.  Thank you again for your interest in the company. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today, I would like to discuss a few items with you. First, since the formation of our company in October of 2002, we have significantly improved our balance sheet. As you know, subsequent to the favorable resolution of the true-up case last year, the rating agencies have taken positive actions to upgrade the long-term ratings of the debt of CenterPoint Energy, CE and CERC. Each company now has solid investment grade credit ratings and the ratings outlook for each company is either stable or positive.  In addition, our business has generated solid cash flows and when combined with the benefits of bonus depreciation, essentially funded our capital program and dividend in 2011. We ended 2011 with net debt of approximately $6.7 billion and a debt to total capitalization ratio of 61.2%.  In January of this year, we closed on the sale of approximately $1.7 billion in transition bonds with an effective annual weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.5%. We were very pleased with this offering, which resulted in one of the lowest rates of any utility securitization. The company received proceeds of approximately $1.7 billion from the offering.  Our solid balance sheet, cash on hand, internally generated cash and other liquidity provide the company with the financial flexibility to effectively execute our business plan. I know you are all interested in how we are currently using the cash we received from the sale of the transition bond. First, we used a portion of the cash to payoff outstanding commercial paper. In addition, as we continue to evaluate a number of opportunities to invest the cash in long-term accretive projects, we made the decision to reacquire cash exempt debt at the parent company having an aggregate principal amount of $375 million with a weighted average interest rate of 5.4%. As this clearly enhances earnings and cash flow relative to the alternative of maintaining cash and money market fund earning approximately 20 basis points. The result will be a reduction in Interest Expense in 2012 of approximately $18 million or $0.03 per diluted share. This action supports our long-standing objective of deleveraging the parent company.  As David pointed out, we have a significant capital plan for 2012. We estimate our 2012 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.3 billion, an increase of approximately $100 million from 2011. About 86% or a little more than $1.1 billion of CapEx will be spent by our regulated businesses this year compared to 78% in 2011.  Let me give you a breakdown by business. In our Electric business, we expect to spend $575 million, an increase of $37 million or 7% from 2011. CapEx will be used primarily to support our investments in infrastructure to serve new load and enhance reliability. We expect to spend $354 million in our natural gas distribution business reflecting a 20% increase or $59 million from 2011. This increased level of spending will be used primarily for infrastructure related to pipeline safety and integrity.  Our pipeline capital budget is $181 million, which is significantly more than our 2011 spend of $98 million. This increase will be used primarily for routine maintenance, major line replacements related to pipeline safety and integrity, as well as spending associated with meeting anticipated new regulatory requirement.  For the completion of our Magnolia and Olympia systems, our 2012 capital budget for Field Services is $139 million. However, this estimate does not include any new capital which may be required if we were to have significant new opportunities. To the extent we need financing in connection with future growth opportunity, we expect we can finance them at attractive interest rates at the operating company level. However, we are often asked about our financing strategy for our Midstream business especially whether or not we are considering the formation of an MLP. We continue to think the formation of an MLP can be an efficient structure to finance significant new growth and thus remains a viable option for our company as we evaluate various Midstream projects.  Now let me turn to my final topic, our 2012 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release, we announced 2012 earnings guidance in the range of $1.8 to $1.20 per diluted share. This is a somewhat broader guidance range, this somewhat broader guidance range takes into consideration a number of economic and operational variables that may impact our actual earnings performance. Although the strength of the U.S. economy in general and the Texas economy in particular, can have a significant impact to earnings. The most important variables are commodity prices, volume throughput, weather, regulatory proceedings and our effective tax rate.  We have developed our guidance range by using combinations of these variables. We have also taken into account the benefit of the $375 million debt reduction at the parent, and we are using an average share count of approximately 430 million shares. In addition, we have not assumed any additional use of the remaining true-up proceed in developing this range. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations.  Now I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to 1 question and a follow-up. Thea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from David Frank with Catapult.
David Frank: Gary, you kind of mentioned there at the end that some of the factors that drive the earnings within the range you've given for '12 include commodity prices and Midstream volumes. Can you give us a sense of how much of the range is dictated by commodities? And could you give us a sense of maybe the range in gas prices that you have embedded in that range?
Gary L. Whitlock: David, let me take a shot at that. We've tested against a series of our range of natural gas prices anywhere from $2.50 at the low end up to a little less than $4 at the high-end. Obviously, the gas prices have been coming down since we started putting together our plans last fall. And our current thinking is that the gas prices are going to be covering at the low end of that range. But we clearly looked at those and tested those and we also looked at natural gas liquids prices as well. We're not as sensitive but we have some processing on both our pipes and our Field Services business and we tested liquidity -- liquids prices as well.
David Frank: Great. And David, you made a comment that you're interested, it sounded like you're interested in making complementary asset acquisitions in the Midstream area. Can we infer that corporate acquisition or M&A has been off the table?
Gary L. Whitlock: I don't think you should draw that conclusion, David. I think clearly, there's -- it's -- some asset acquisition are perhaps easier to do and there is more opportunities there but we continue to look at on all fronts. So I don't want you to draw that. But I will say that the most active opportunities we're looking at are in this Field Services sector.
Operator: Our next question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Actually, maybe just leveraging off of David's Question there, and I just wanted to be clear when you were just sort of answering that, as well as the opportunities that you're seeing in Field Services and Midstream. Are you talking about actual Field Services Midstream M&A or are you talking more about the organic, like the Mississippi-line proposal, or I guess is it a combination?
David M. McClanahan: Carl, it really is a combination. We have opportunities on all fronts. We have a number of proposals out to producers. But we're also looking at some assets that we might purchase outright from either existing gatherers or producers.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. That's helpful. And just staying on Field Services, can you help us give a breakdown between sort of the -- in the fourth quarter, which looks like there was a very good throughput in Midstream. What was traditional? What was shale? And if you had any color for maybe how that's changed here in the first quarter, if it's changed?
David M. McClanahan: Yes. Let me kind of give you a December kind of look for a minute or maybe fourth quarter. But we were gathering in total about $2.6 billion at the end of last year. I would say out of our traditional basins, that's more like 750 to 775, something of that nature. We've seen that the traditional basins declined in the fourth quarter more than it did in any other time during the year. As you might recall, the first 3 quarters were pretty flat, but we saw a decline in the fourth quarter. I'm not sure that's going to be sustainable, but there's not a lot of rig activity in those dry gas basins at these gas prices. So year-to-year in our traditional basins, we saw about a 10% maybe a little bit more drop in traditional basins gathering. Of course, offsetting all that is the Haynesville gathering we're doing in Magnolia and Olympia. Fayetteville gathering continues to increase. We've got some wet gas in our traditional basins and that's kind of helping us too because there are -- there is some drilling in these basins that -- where there's wet gas. So it turns out, we had an excellent year from a gathering standpoint ending at $2.6 billion a day, which was up, I don't know, 25%, up 30% from 2010. You have to attribute that to all of this, I mean, substantial shale plays and the new investments we made.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Sure, and I appreciate that. And then with respect to first quarter and I guess maybe just to narrow the question, have you seen any roll over or decline in the Haynesville, I guess, specifically?
David M. McClanahan: I think the way we would answer that is if it appears to us that the producers are maintaining their production levels from what we saw at the end of last year and they've got enough rig activity to continue to do that. And I think that's kind of our expectation for a while until we see exactly where natural gas prices -- or they see where natural gas prices are going to go. But our producers are telling us they're going to try to maintain their volumes, but they're not talking about any substantial increase in volumes at this stage.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Fair enough, very much appreciate that. Maybe last question if I could. Just because on the marketing it sort of alluded to 2012 maybe being a significant improvement. And I didn't know if maybe you could parse that into what your expectations are between retail and wholesale?
David M. McClanahan: We've been saying for some time that if you just take our retail business alone, we think it ought to produce $30 million to $35 million worth of operating income. But because of some uneconomic contracts, we haven't been able to achieve that. These contracts are starting to roll off. Certainly, we can see $15 million worth of improvement in 2012 around those contracts rolling off versus what we incurred in 2011. And who knows what's going to happen with some of the other ones maybe things will improve a little bit. So we see improvement and we think we'll get it all revealed in 2012. No, it will probably be 2013 before all these contracts have rolled off and we can start really focusing everybody on our retail business and what it will produce. But we still feel good about the retail business but as you know, these bases collapsed and storage spreads have gone down and where we're making a fair amount of money, 3 or 4 years ago, we're not, we're losing money there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to come back to the '12 guidance, David or Gary for that matter. If I heard you correctly, so Houston Electric you are assuming a down year given the trends you mentioned? But can you give a sense of what the other segments should -- I think pipelines had some headwinds. You mentioned resources had headwinds as well. Should we assume them to be flat to down as well just given those trends? And also, the tax rate that you alluded to, can you remind us the -- what effective tax rate we should assume for '12?
David M. McClanahan: Go ahead, Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: On the tax rate, maybe let me describe it like this, if you have a normal blend of our federal rate and our state rate, or state tax rates, you should have about 37.5%. This year, we came in about 34.4%, there's really kind of 2 issues in the lower state blended tax rate in terms of the allocation of those sort apportioned factors for the income. And then we had the resolution of the normalization issues. So we picked up some benefits this year. Going forward, I gave you a range of 34.5% to 37.5% and the reason for that is again, I think we have to look at these apportionment factors and see how that plays out in terms of the state tax blended rate. And then we continue to look on a -- look at a number of tax reserves that we have related to various outstanding issues with our -- so I'd like to give you a midpoint of that, but I'm going to say, we do have a range of 34.5% to 37.5% on our tax rate. And of course, like any company, we're working diligently to have that as low as possible. But I think, we have to sort of stay with the range on that at the moment.
David M. McClanahan: And as to your other questions, first just on Houston Electric. Because of the hot weather in 2011, it's going to be hard to repeat that. I will tell you that current weather forecasts are suggesting it's going to be hot and dry again. So it's not out of the question. But our model suggests we got almost $60 million from normal weather at -- in 2011. So we'll just have to wait to see what happens there. Our growth in customers should add at least $25 million. We've got transmission revenues of another $10 million that should benefit 2012. And we've -- we saw some customer actual usage growth in 2011. We're not sure whether that was real usage or whether it was weather. It was so hot it was hard to distinguish yet. So it could be a little upside there as well. And then we have the full year of the rate case, which might kind of offset some of the things I've talked about. So we think we are going to have a good year. We think we can earn our regulator rate of return next year. But unless we get this hot weather, we probably won't set the same kind of records we did in 2011. I would also say pipelines, it does have a little bit of headwind there because we have that -- the tail end of that backhaul agreement that we didn't feel in the first 4, 5 months of last year, we're going to feel it this year and we estimate that's about a $10 million impact. As you might -- I'm sure you know, there's lots of pipes in the Midcontinent area that are going to be competing with us as we -- as contracts roll off. And we tend to believe that, that could put a little pressure on rates. But having said that, each year we've been able to overcome a lot of these things. So I'm not ready to say that pipeline is not going to have a good year. But they have a little headwind in front of them that's for sure. Our Field Services, it really depends on gas prices. I think that they should have a good year whether -- it's not going to be the 30% to 40% increase we saw in 2011, no.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And one other question if I could. On the usual proceeds in the past, I think you've also alluded to the fact that after Field Services, there may be interest in electric utility acquisitions. Just from your comments, should I -- should we infer that you're not seeing any good opportunities in that area and that the focus is really Field Services? And to the extent that's the case, just conceptually what kind of return are you targeting or we should be thinking about in terms of thinking about the earnings potential of that cash could give to CenterPoint?
Gary L. Whitlock: First, I think, David, after that first question, I think we don't see a lot of properties on the market. There are some, I think, gas LDCs that may be coming on the market and we'll clearly take a look and see if we have any interest there. But on the Field Services side, we look at a range from the low-teens to the mid-teens on unleveraged basis. And it really depends on the contract terms and how much, if we get throughput guarantees or guaranteed rate of returns. If we do it will be on the lower end of that if we don't, it would be -- it'd be 14%, 15% probably.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: On a pretax or after-tax?
Gary L. Whitlock: That's after-tax unlevered.
Operator: Our next question will come from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: David on the Pipeline segment, I'm trying to figure out what the opportunity is on the power generation side? So we've seen, I guess, the headwind from backhaul contracts and restructuring of contracts but what kind of opportunity do you guys have kind in your kind of territory to sign up more power generators to firm capacity?
David M. McClanahan: I think -- Greg, you might want to weigh in on this as well. But what we see is we have 20 or 30 coal power plants near our pipe or within reach of our pipe and some of those will be converted. But let me get Greg to give you a little bit more color around that.
C. Gregory Harper: On the power generation side, we're currently connected with about 800 million a day of load contracted on power generation. With those existing customers, we've looked to kind of high-grade their services. We put together a new tariff last year that provides, kind of, shaping to meet, their low-profile which is different than a gas-based profile and we've been able to do that and do it successfully last year, kind of, on a limited basis but I think we'll be able to do more of that. As David mentioned, there's several coal generation facilities. There's also -- around our footprint plus other utilities just talking about new gas generation around our footprint in Midcontinent. So we'll be chasing those, the competition form but I'd say, it's under 1,000 to 2,000 megawatts around our footprint that we can go after.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Got you. And then on the T&D side, electric T&D side, see he -- looking at the year-over-year sort of O&M fleet, kind of 9% in the quarter and then 8% year-over-year. Can you guys discuss what's driving that? It seems to be kind of more than inflation.
Gary L. Whitlock: There's some cats and dogs there but let me see if I can give you any sense of that. Labor and benefits were a fair amount of it, $8 million, $9 million on that front. A big part of that was pension expense. We started reflecting the true pension expense in earnings once we implemented this rate case. Remember we were deferring those before. So part of it is pension. We spent a fair amount of money last year because of the drought. We had to do a lot of insulator washing and stuff like that. And we spent a fair money -- a fair amount of incremental money around taking trees out because we had a lot of dead trees and we're really after our tree trimming budgets. So those just kind of added to what look like some unusual O&M expenditures, but we did that because we had the revenues to spend it. And we felt it was a good investment especially as we went into 2012 and 2013, especially if we have any bad weather come through here.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Understood. And last question for me. And you mentioned in your -- into your remarks that you have exposure to some of the liquids gas plays. Is there any way for you to quantify what percentage of your overall gathering volumes are exposed to kind of liquids plays or liquids-associated plays?
Gary L. Whitlock: Faisel, it's a fairly small percent. Greg is thinking it's in the 5% to 10% range. But we really haven't done that calculation.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question will come from Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I could, could you elaborate perhaps, Gary, on the -- on your comment on potentially doing MLP? What kind of factors would you be factoring in to -- on that decision?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, I think the key one, I think the hurdle we're over, is that the MLPs certainly could be a viable vehicle, financing vehicle for us. So Yves, I think the real key is that we have visibility on the long-term growth opportunities in a midstream area. I think that's the real key -- is that we can see that there is significant growth in front of us and that's a vehicle for them to use and the ability to use it to finance continued growth. I think that's the key one.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And as you said today, how do you view that long-term growth? Is it contingent primarily on doing an acquisition or do you think you have the footprint that would allow you to grow at this juncture?
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, I don't think there's any one answer to that. Look certainly -- I think if you look historically, we've been able to originate a lot of business. Greg and his team are working very diligently to continue to originate new business. So I don't want you to say that it's going to be money bent that we have a large acquisition. I think if we can see continued growth in our organic growth, it's certainly maybe some acquisition opportunities that there are assets that are complementary to our business. So I don't think there's any one thing, I think it's really again, visibility around the growth, Yves.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Great. And if I could just last 2 questions is when you have these proposals that are out there and if you win them or lose them, what do you think is a major factor that would cause -- allow you to win it or perhaps lose it?
Gary L. Whitlock: Greg, you probably can speak to that.
C. Gregory Harper: Yves, I think we've said before on some of our other calls and at some of our conferences we've been at that a lot of the producers had a leg lease in this past year we saw -- do things themselves. So we're actually bidding in to their projects, design stuff for them and then they elected to go ahead and do it themselves. And we actually had 2 major deals go that way. But we're also starting to see some producers wanting to give back some gathering systems and sell it. So those are going to be some opportunities in our near future we think.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question. Gary, do you have any sense of what the impact of a bonus depreciation could be in 2012 or what deferred taxes might look like in 2012?
Gary L. Whitlock: As you know bonus depreciation in 2012 is 50%. I'll give you a couple of numbers. Last year, 2011 we estimated we'd probably have about a $435 million benefit. I think 2012, we're probably thinking less than $300 million, I think about $275 million. So it still will be a benefit from a cash perspective this year.
Operator: Our next question will be a follow up question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: This is, I guess, a question for Gary. I just wanted to make sure I've got all sort of the moving parts right and it's a little bit more perhaps micro on the stranded cost recovery. We do have sort of both earnings and cash flow impacts, there was the I guess the statement in the press release of the roughly $250 million over the -- of future gains to be coming over the life of the bond. Should we basically just take that as kind of that number divided by the 10-year average life and that's what is going to be the EPS impact if you will on an annual basis from that? And where does that show up?
Gary L. Whitlock: You're talking about where does it show up in Houston and letting the segments...
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Yes, I didn't know if that would come under like the transition bond company or I just...
Gary L. Whitlock: No that will be in Houston Electric. But you take the $258 million, which I believe is an after-tax and an after-tax number, a pretax number is north of $400 million. I think this year, I think we can just give you the 2012 estimate. Of what we think that number will be, about $16 million increase.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And I'm sorry Gary, is that a pretax or after-tax?
Gary L. Whitlock: That's pretax. So I think that's the schedule we can provide you because this is -- this now we have the bonds. So now, this is going to be shake here. The total, I think, you can expect next year about on a -- about $36 million next year -- or this year 2012.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I'm sorry, $36 million in 2012?
Gary L. Whitlock: $36 million in 20 -- in -- yes total.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from David Frank with Catapult.
David Frank: Just a question on kind of competition you're seeing now in the Field Services, in the midstream, I'm sorry in the liquids-rich regions of gas. Obviously, we hear a lot of talk from the producers moving rigs into the liquids-riched. So you would think there is going to be more opportunities there. But can you give us a sense of what have you seen as far as traditional competition getting into these regions?
David M. McClanahan: You know, David, what I'd say is we're seeing the same level of competition as we've always seen from the same companies. There's lots of folks out there that you're aware of their names just like we are that we compete with. And so I don't think -- I think we're seeing the same cast of companies after this business as we've always seen.
David Frank: And it's no tighter or it's not greater or less given more or less opportunities that could be out there?
Gary L. Whitlock: I think there's lots of folks interested in what we're doing but that's not new, that's been there for several years.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. And this is Greg, I would say that in some of these plays, whereas wealth positions anybody, Mississippi line, West Coast line, where there's not really a competitive advantage that we can go in there with maybe a partner and be able to take, capture some business. But again in some of these areas producers like to do their own start up gathering systems as they try to prove out there protection so...
Operator: We have a question from Jack Moore with Harpswell Capital.
John Patrick Moore - Harpswell Capital Management, LLC: Most of my questions are answered. Just wondering if you could comment on the virtue of the 2 kind of main separate businesses and the virtue of keeping both of those? And have you considered or reviewed the option of focusing more on one and perhaps selling one to somebody where it would be more strategic for them?
David M. McClanahan: Are you talking about gas versus electric, regulated versus unregulated, Jack? I want to make sure I understand.
John Patrick Moore - Harpswell Capital Management, LLC: Yes. Kind of -- yes, I mean, along those lines, I guess, it's split both thinking gas versus electric and regulated versus unregulated. It seems like you could slice the company in a few different ways and you know you got great assets and I'm not sure how much -- well, management is certainly capable of doing a great job of -- if there is more value to be created by having 2 companies or 2 parties that are focused independently on their specific business.
David M. McClanahan: In the past, we've looked at selling parts of our businesses, there's no -- especially 4 or 5 years ago. We never could make that work from an after-tax basis and we're glad we didn't split it up. I think you have to look at the scale of the remaining 2 businesses if you'd split them up. And I think scale would be questionable if they weren't combined. So do we, from time to time look at that? Yes, we do. But I think at this stage, we're not -- we don't believe that would be the right direction for the company.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Ms. Paulsen for any closing remarks.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. Thank you very much again. Since we do not have any further questions, we're going to end the call. Thank you very much, everyone, for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations David M. McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Gary L. Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Lauren Duke - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research Unknown Analyst -  Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Thea [ph]. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; And Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2011 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, November 9, 2011. To access the replay, please call 1 (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 14698131. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This past quarter was a very good one for the company. We had a strong quarter from an earnings standpoint, and after 7 years, we resolved the long-standing issues associated with our true-up proceeding. Our press release and 10-Q provide details around our business unit's financial performance this past quarter, so I won't repeat the specifics. But let me summarize the performance of each business unit and talk a little bit about their prospects. Houston Electric had an outstanding quarter, and is having a really good year. This past summer was the hottest summer on record for Texas. This drove the largest part of Houston Electric's earnings gains. I was really pleased at how well our system performed when faced with a stressed that the extreme heat placed on it. We've also taken the opportunity to invest more in system hardening and reliability, which benefits not only this year, but the years ahead as well.  The future looks bright for this unit. While we can't count on repeating the weather-driven earnings we experienced this year, we can count on a solid and growing service territory. We have added more than 35,000 customers since this time last year, and believe we'll see a continuation of that pace of growth next year.  Very few areas around the country are experiencing this type of economic activity and growth. Capital expenditures should approximate between $500 million and $600 million annually, as we build infrastructure to serve new loads and automate the grid. The primary earnings headwind this unit faces comes from the rate changes implemented this past September. This will have a negative operating income impact of approximately $35 million next year, when the effect of the change in depreciation rates is also taken into account. Our gas distribution unit is having another outstanding year, attributable primarily to our business model and expense control. Annual rate adjustments in a number of our jurisdictions continue to help us recover increased investments, as well as reductions in gas usage without the necessity of a major rate proceeding. This significantly reduces the amount of regulatory lag we would typically experience. Like most of the industry, we are very focused on pipeline safety and integrity. As a result, we are planning to accelerate the replacement of some aging infrastructure and increase our system improvement expenditures. We expect rate base will grow at a much faster pace, as overall capital expenditures are likely to increase to between $300 million and $400 million annually, compared to a historical level of about $200 million. Our midstream businesses are also doing well. As expected, our field services unit demonstrated from infrastructure investments we've made into Haynesville and Fayetteville shale areas. Our gathering volume increased by almost 5% over the previous quarter, and averaged over 2.2 billion cubic feet per day. About 1 billion cubic feet per day was gathered out of the Haynesville shale. Gathering volumes from our traditional basins were down about 2% from the previous quarter, in line with our expectations. Next year, we expect the volumes out of Haynesville will reach 1.5 billion cubic feet per day by the second quarter. We expect volumes out of the Fayetteville and Woodford to increase as well. While a number of producers are shifting their emphasis from leaner shale plays to more liquid-rich plays, our principal customers have maintained a consistent level of drilling in these shales. Natural gas prices, however, have weakened, which could potentially impact our customers' future drilling programs, and will impact the value of our retained natural gas volumes as well. While we continue to see gathering opportunities in the Mid-Continent, we are also focused on diversifying and expanding our gathering footprint into more liquids-rich areas like the Eagle Ford, Granite Wash and Marcellus. Our Interstate Pipelines earnings were down from last year, primarily due to the exploration of an above-market backhaul contract earlier this year, and the impacts of a restructured long-term contract with our natural gas distribution affiliate. Reduced basis has also resulted in a decline in our off system sales. However, we were able to offset some of this revenue loss with new contracts, primarily electric generation customers, as well as increases in some ancillary revenues, or services, I should say. Going forward, we expect considerable competition for new businesses in contract renewals from other pipelines in or near our footprint. We anticipate basis will remain compressed, and all system revenues will be adversely impacted. However, we believe there are continuing opportunities to serve customers on or near our pipeline with special focus on power generation customers. We currently serve 22 natural gas-fired power plants. There are over 40 coal plants within 50 miles of our system and we anticipate that retirements in more stringent regulations will lead to increased use of natural gas. Our Competitive Natural Gas Sales unit's financial results were down this quarter. Our retail business continues to perform well. However, reduced gas price volatility and the lack of geographic and seasonal basis spreads have reduced wholesale optimization opportunities. Some of the pipeline in storage capacity we contracted for in the past, no longer provide value, and in some cases are underwater. Much of the uneconomic capacity will terminate over the next 18 months. We are also releasing some of this capacity early, and expect to recognize the economic loss in the fourth quarter of this year. Our focus is on expanding our commercial and industrial base and increasing our product and service offerings. Now let me turn to our true-up appeal. As most of you know, in September, we reached a settlement with the PUC staff and other intervenors, resolving all matters in our true-up appeal. The settlement allows us to recover approximately $1.7 billion, out of which, we must pay the legal fees associated with this preceding, and the financing costs to issue transition bonds to securitize this amount. Last month, the commission approved the settlement and a financing order for the issuance of the bonds. We expect to issue the bonds later this year or early next year. Gary will give you a little more color around this process in a few minutes. As you would expect, we are pleased that this issue is finally resolved, and we can now look to the future. The obvious question, what will we do with the securitization proceeds? Our first priority is to invest this money in our existing businesses and to acquire similar assets. We will be disciplined in our approach. Our portfolio have -- of energy delivery businesses provides us with significant opportunities for investment. Of course, we'll have to be patient and diligent in evaluating these opportunities. We have talked in the past about reducing outstanding debt and a modest stock buyback program with a portion of the proceeds. While these alternatives are still viable, our first priority will be to invest the money in our businesses. Let me conclude by expressing how excited and confident we are in the future of CenterPoint Energy. With the receipt of the true-up proceeds, we have a unique opportunity to build a stronger company, which will benefit both our shareholders and customers. Our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas businesses have served us well since our formation 9 years ago. We recognize the energy markets are changing. Lower prices and ample supplies of natural gas will benefit both our electric and gas distribution utilities. At the same time, it will present both challenges and opportunities for our midstream and energy services businesses. We look forward to building from our strong base and continuing our track record of strong performance for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David and good morning, to everyone. Today, I will update you on the expected timeline to issue the new transition bonds, the replacement of our revolving credit facilities and our revised earnings guidance. I'll start with the transition bond. As David mentioned, the Texas PUC issued a financing order on October 27. We have been working with the PUC staff, as well as our financial advisor on various aspects of the issuance, and we feel we have made excellent progress. There are 2 key gaining items in preparing to go to market. First, the credit rating agencies have to establish a rating for the bond. And second, we need to register the sale of the transition bonds with the SEC. We will issue the bonds as soon as reasonably possible in order to take advantage of historical low interest rates for the benefit of our customers. We are making solid progress on all aspects of the preparatory work, and at this point, we anticipate we will be able to market the bonds either late this year or very early in the new year. In September, we had a very successful syndication of our new revolving credit facilities and closed on 3 5-year senior unsecured facilities totaling $2.45 billion. The economic terms and covenants are in line with other recently syndicated facilities. The drawing cost under the new facilities are approximately 100 basis points higher than the cost of the previous facility. We are very pleased that we have locked in our short-term liquidity sources for the next 5 years. Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance for the year. As David discussed, we are very pleased with the overall financial performance of our businesses this year, and this morning, we said that we expect 2011 earnings to be at the high-end of our guidance range of $1.04 to $1.14 per fully diluted share. On a guidance basis, which excludes the earnings impact of recording the true-up settlement, the change in the value of Time Warner stocks and the related ZENS securities, as well as the timing effects of mark-to-market in inventory accounting, we earned $0.95 per fully diluted share through the third quarter. In providing earnings guidance, we have assumed normal weather for the balance of the year. And we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance, as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open up the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Thea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask some questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The first question I had, just to David, to your comments about the first priority to invest. I was wondering if maybe you could comment on what you're seeing as far as the M&A market, given some of the multiples being paid right now. And when you say it's similar assets, is that -- do you have a preference, if you will, whether it is increased T&D or going more after sort of the gas infrastructure?
David M. McClanahan: The last one, first. We don't have a preference, we like our portfolio today. We're willing to invest in more electric or gas distribution utilities. But at the same time, we like the midstream business, and we like to invest there as well. It's really going to depend on where we have the most opportunities, and the ones that will create the most value for us. We know on the regulated side, it's a little bit more difficult to do M&A there, but it's not impossible, certainly, and there are assets that come on market from time to time. You're right, I think the midstream businesses, some of the multiples that have been paid lately are pretty rich. And we're not going to do anything that is not going to create value for us. So you have to have some real growth potential in those -- for those assets to pay that kind of multiple, I would think. So we have seen some opportunities. We've looked at them, and we continued to look at them. And we're really getting -- we're going to spend some time in the next 3 to 6 months to really decide where the opportunities are and if there are any real opportunities in one sector or the other.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And maybe just a follow-up on the earnings and the top end of guidance, I guess, it's kind of an implied $0.18 to $0.19 for the fourth quarter. And considering Field Services should be continuing to move ahead, I didn't know if there was something of specific note maybe that you felt was holding you back. And here, I guess, I'm really more referring to perhaps wholesale marketing, and so I thought I'd kind of get the feeling in when we entered into 2011, the idea was retail would be 30 to 35, and the wholesale would be break even. So I'm trying to kind of get a sense of where we may be falling down on that for the year.
David M. McClanahan: You're right, Carl. We did say that, and that's what we had intended to do, but we have not been able to have our wholesale business break even. Our retail business, as I said, is doing just fine. But we're still having losses in our wholesale business. We're going to try to get out from under some of the capacity that we're not using today. We've already posted some of that for release. We're going to take some losses early in the fourth quarter. So that's a little bit of headwind there that you noted. I would also remind you that we do have the rate case. The full impact of the Houston Electric rate case will be felt in the fourth quarter. That's probably $10 million, give or take, impact in the fourth quarter of this year. And there is a little bit of timing issue around Field Services. We have these guaranteed throughput agreements. We booked some commitments in the third quarter because we know that our suppliers are not going to make their full -- or our customers are not going to make their full volume commitment. So that kind of moves between quarters. And we probably took a little bit more in the third quarter because they were just not going to make it than we had earlier anticipated. But overall, for the year, we're right where we thought we would be. There's just a little bit of movement between quarters.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question will come from the Lauren Duke with Deutsche Bank.
Lauren Duke - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the DCRF mechanism that was authorized in Texas and whether you guys plan to file for that rider and if you see potential to kind of ramp up CapEx at the distribution -- on the distribution side with that rider in place?
David M. McClanahan: Lauren, we do plan to file with it. It's probably not going to be in '12. It would probably be in '13 before we file with it. As you know, the commission passed that rule earlier this year. We can file once a year. I think it's in April. The new rates would be implemented in September. It covers any new distribution investments, but some of those investments are offset by any deferred taxes that are associated with them and a few other items. But we do see value in it. It's not quite as good as we want it, but I think we do see value. We plan to use it; it would probably be 2013 before we have our first filing.
Lauren Duke - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just one other, if I might. Can you comment on -- I know youve talked about some of the gathering RFPs that are going on that you guys are participating in, and just potential timing to hear about some of those and whether that's something that we should still expect at this year or we're looking more towards next year?
David M. McClanahan: Weve had a number of lines in the water, so to speak. We've been looking at a lot of different assets that come on the market. The RFPs that we referred to earlier, those have been delayed. In particular, the one that we were most interested in was in the Eagle Ford area. That one has been delayed into next year. We had expected that would be this year. And then there are a few items -- a few that we expect to happen in other liquid-rich plays that just haven't come about yet. So I would say that the RFP process that we've discussed in the past has really been shoved out into next year.
Operator: The next question will come from Yves Siegel with Crdit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: If I could, could you elaborate once again on the opportunities that you're looking at in terms of midstream? Would you change the balance of the mix between regulated and nonregulated if the opportunities set and the return profiles are more attractive in the midstream?
David M. McClanahan: You know, today, our midstream business -- and let me speak specifically about Field Services. It represents probably less than 20% -- between 15% to 20%, maybe 17%. And I think we would see that percentage increasing, but there is a given I think, level that we can go to before we start impacting our credit risk profile, and we're sensitive to that with the utilities we have in our portfolio. So yes, I think we can increase the size of midstream relative to the rest of our portfolio, but I think we have to be cautious that we can't go too far. But I think there's ample room in it today to increase it. And really, that's where we see a lot of the potential growth opportunities, so we are very interested in looking at that.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then so -- and I hate to keep coming back to this. But given those comments, given the amount of cash that you'll have, how does that sort of calibrate with the notion of perhaps doing an MLP or not doing and MLP?
David M. McClanahan: We have said that we would do an MLP or consider it in the -- if we get some -- either a large acquisition or a significant amount of growth, which we need to fund. And I think that's still our position. Today, we do -- we are going to have an ample amount of proceeds to invest. Having said that, I think the MLP has to be still part of our toolkit. If, in fact, we find something bigger that we want to buy or if we get into a situation where we are having a lot of more rapid growth than we are today, then I think we would look to the MLP if that's the case.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well it'd be a good problem to have.
David M. McClanahan: Yes, it would be. I agree with you wholeheartedly.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm going to go over the limit, so I apologize, but any thoughts in terms of how you may approach the regulatory environment, given Houston Electric and the hit that you're taking there? Could you see a filing coming up soon?
David M. McClanahan: We're going to have a good solid year this year as you would expect, but we're going to have -- because of the weather. But we're going to have a good solid year even when you weather adjust. As I look to next year, I think next year is going to -- we're going to be -- have a good solid year. We're going to -- I think we'd have a good opportunity to earn our regulated rates of return on a normalized weather basis. So I don't think there's any near-term rate case. And if we can grow this business, customer growth is looking pretty good, then maybe we can delay our rate case into the 2013, 2014 timeframe. But at this stage, we think next year is going to be pretty solid, so there's certainly not going to be anything on the table next year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the -- once you receive the proceeds and book this gain on the true-up, does this pretty much reset your debt to total cap ratio kind of in a more normalized range with other utilities? Or are you still -- do you still have room to go on the debt to cap area?
David M. McClanahan: I looked at some figures on that, and I think we're going to be pretty close to 40% equity once -- when all is said and done. So that is, I think, within striking distance of our peers. We'd probably like to have a little bit more equity in our capitalization, but not much. Gary, you may want to add to that.
Gary L. Whitlock: No. I think that's right, David. And also if you look over the long-term, we do have some debit holding company that we've made headway. And over the long-term, you'll see -- I think we will not refinance as the holding company, and refinancings will be -- our financing in the future would be at the regulated utilities. So I think 60-40 is -- this is a significant move and recognized by the credit rating agencies. And as David said, I think it now gives us the flexibility with the cash coming in, a good strong balance sheet, and the opportunity to be very disciplined and thoughtful to execute our growth plan going forward.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And following the approval by the PUCT for this transition bond offering, is there anything else outstanding or is this pretty much it, this $1.695 billion?
Gary L. Whitlock: This is it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then also on the diluted shares outstanding. It seems like the drip is still on, is that right? Because the -- I think diluted shares continue to ramp up a little bit?
Gary L. Whitlock: There maybe -- just a little bit but no, the drip is not on.
David M. McClanahan: Savings plan and drip are no longer on, Faisel. There probably is some on benefit plans and there's some old options that are outstanding that get exercised from time to time. But there's not anything -- shouldn't be anything big there, I would say.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Last question for me. On the midstream side. The 260 Bcf of throughput in the quarter, can you give us an idea or break that down by new projects versus your legacy portfolio? What would you do have going on in into Haynesville obviously, versus what you have from your pure legacy midstream portfolio?
David M. McClanahan: We have -- let's see if we have that broken out easily here. We were averaging 1 Bcf a day in Haynesville for the quarter. And we had a little -- plus or minus, about 800 million a day in our traditional basins, and about I think, 350 or so in the Fayetteville, Woodford areas. Those are round numbers, and I haven't gone to calculating all that stuff out. That's a per day, the 206 is total volumes. I would say that the -- let me see something here. Those are the relative contributions from each of the areas. We just have to do the math to make sure that all adds up to approximately 206 for the quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the 800 a day on the legacy portfolio, is that still declining in kind of a mid to high single-digit range?
David M. McClanahan: It declined about 2% from the second quarter. It's leveled off. It obviously is still declining a little bit. There's still some rigs working, not a lot. And once you -- you don't have -- the first year or year after you quit drilling is the biggest decline. So we're not having the types of steep declines that we saw in 2009 and 2010. But they're still declining just because they're being depleted.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Most of my strategic questions have been answered, but I do have one bookkeeping question. The equity component of the true-up, I guess, will be recognized over the life of the securitization bonds. I just want to verify from what you said in the past. You're going to -- will you be considering that ongoing earnings, and about how many years would you expect that bond to last?
Gary L. Whitlock: Andrew, yes, we would consider that ongoing earnings. And I would expect that the high end would be 14 years. We'll have to look at the traunching, there may be some 5s, 10s and a bit longer. So we'll have a lot of clarity for that -- on that, obviously, when we sell those bonds and we can give you sort of the exact numbers then. But the math is exactly -- it will be amortized over the life of those -- the average life of those bonds.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Fleishman with BOA.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just thinking about the use of proceeds in the environment we're in. Obviously, in -- particularly in your gas businesses, there's been a lot of -- it's been a pretty attractive market environment and stocks, currencies have all done well. So I'm just -- it sounds like you're going to be pretty patient with the use of proceeds, and I'm just wondering, do you think you really tend to be so patient in this environment? And also, do you sense any opportunities that, from a competitive standpoint, to make sure that you've got -- make sure you've got competitive opportunities to -- particularly on the GNP side, where it's been tough to get new projects?
David M. McClanahan: We would rather, as you would expect, Steve, build rather than buy. Organic growth and building new systems are much more attractive than buying especially at today's multiples. But I think there are some potential opportunities out there we continue to look at. I think -- we're not going to let this money, say, got to go do something right today. I think we are going to be patient. I think that is the message, but we are going to be very active, diligent. We're going to decide, is there something here over the next 3 to 6 months? Now it may take longer to execute it, but we have to decide how long do we want to hold the money, to try to invest it as opposed to looking at some of the alternatives. But I'd say by midyear next year, we ought to have a pretty good idea and hopefully we'll be able to spend some of this money before then. You might have picked up in my comments, we do think our CapEx and our -- both our Gas Distribution, as well as our Electric Utility, is going to pick up from this year. So we'll spend a little bit more in those areas, but obviously, we're not going to spend all our money in just that area. So we're going to have to find some new investments, but we're not going to do anything that doesn't create value for our shareholders. If it's not a good deal, we're not going to spend the money just to spend it.
Steven I. Fleishman - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And can you just remind us kind of the framework you look at when you're looking at investment or acquisition opportunities? Kind of how you look at accretion, dilution, returns? What kind of framework you're using?
David M. McClanahan: We have hurdle rates for each one of our businesses. And clearly, the investment has to meet the hurdle rate over the long term. And I would say that we're not looking to have very much dilution at all. I guess, there could be a little bit in the first year, but we're not looking in any long-term dilutive type transactions.
Operator: Our next question is from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I jumped on a little late on the call, so I apologize if you're going to repeat this. But could you just remind us again, so the use of proceeds, how much has been earmarked for, say, CapEx or internal growth versus debt or equity reduction? Could you quantify that?
David M. McClanahan: We didn't, Ali. What we have said is our first priority is to invest the money. That's our number 1 priority. We have some debt maturing in a little over a year, in 2013. And obviously, some of that debt, we could actually buy in today at par. But we're not going to use the money in that -- for those purposes until we have really scrubbed our investment opportunities, and then we'll decide if we should take out some debt or buy back some stock. But at this stage, our number 1 priority is to invest in all our business.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And related to that, David, I mean, obviously, Field Services will have a very strong year this year as expected. When you look at the base that you're creating in 2011 and your projects moving forward, what kind of growth rate should we be expecting for that business in -- over the next few years?
David M. McClanahan: I think we'll still have growth from just our existing contracts in the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford. They're going to continue to go up to their contracted capacity. Today, they're not there. They're about 2/3 of it, especially in the Haynesville. So I think though, that our expectations around expansions, where we thought they would actually expand from 1.5 to maybe up to 2.9 Bcf in the Haynesville over the next 5 years, I think we've tempered some of our expectations there. And while -- we don't think that's going to happen in the next couple of years. It may ultimately happen and we hope it does, but we had expected that might happen in late '12 or '13, and I think we're pushing that out a little bit. Now we still talk to our customers routinely, and we just have to read the tea leaves a little bit when we do that. But expansions are probably pushed out a little bit. So we're going to make sure we capture all the growth of our existing contracts and there's some additional, I think expansions, small ones, that we'll see in that light. But our real goal is to try to go with some of these customers to some other areas. We like to diversify our footprint. We're pretty much Mid-Continent based today, and we would like to diversify that base zone.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And the last question, David. Again, I thought I heard you correctly, but just to be clear. Did I hear you that you're saying that when you look at your existing portfolio and the net on CapEx, that you're not contemplating an MLP structure for the pipeline field services, but if a big growth  opportunity comes up, you would contemplate it at that point. Did I hear that right?
David M. McClanahan: You did. With the level of proceeds we're going to get, we don't see really any need right now to go out and do an MLP. Having said that, if we get into a very high growth area or have a big opportunity, we would certainly consider it.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Because one of the exercises you were going through was not as a source of capital, but as a valuation enhancement exercise. That was complete and you did not reach the conclusion that, that will be a valuation enhancement in setting up an MLP?
David M. McClanahan: I would say that the results are mixed. I think there are definitely examples that you can find where an MLP appears to enhance the value of the sponsoring -- the C corp behind it. And at the same time, there are those examples where it doesn't appear to have value. So I don't think that's going to drive our determination if we use an MLP or not. But I think a good solid financing source for a growth business, I think is something we would -- is the reason we would consider it.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Krapfel with MorningStar.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: In light of the expected securitization proceeds, how does that change your thinking in regards to the 2012 dividend payout level, if at all?
David M. McClanahan: We haven't considered that yet, Jim. But I would think that -- we look at continuing earnings and cash flow, and I think we need to make sure we see where we are going to invest this money and the level of earnings we're going to get before it really influences our dividend decision. I think our dividend decision next year is going to be based on our current businesses plus what we've done up to that point in time.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. So maybe your early indication on your list you added about -- I think it was $0.01 onto your dividend and some -- is that something really like in the ballpark we're looking at in 2012 or maybe a little bit higher?
David M. McClanahan: We're really arent ready to discuss that at this time. We generally look at the dividend level in the first quarter of the new year, and that's what we'll do this coming year.
Operator: The next question will come from David Frank with Catapult Capital.
Unknown Analyst - : David, I know there's a lot of talk about potential uses of the cash. I guess, as management and you're  I dont want to say you're in the later part of your seniority there, but you know -- but you're sitting there with $5, you're going to be -- have almost $5 per share of cash on there. How important it is for you guys to see that this cash is spent, you grow the business, and you kind of ride out into the sunset or -- how open would you guys be to actually selling the company?
David M. McClanahan: David, I think you know the answer to that. We're not looking to sell our company. But we are absolutely focused every day on how do we create more value for our shareholders, and we think we have a unique opportunity with the proceeds we're getting. So I'm not sure we're going to ride off into the sunset before we get it all spent, but we're going to get it invested and used long before we get out of here.
Operator: You have a follow-up question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital Markets.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just 2 quick ones. The first is, with respect to the third quarter earnings on the electric side, it sort of looks back in the envelope that the weather impact down here was, call it to be $35 million, $40 million of EBIT. I know sometimes it's difficult to tease apart, but is that roughly what you guys are seeing or...
David M. McClanahan: Yes. We think that weather and usage was about $35 million, $36 million. And we're pretty sure that at least $25 million to $26 million is weather, and probably a little bit more. We had a drought together with this extreme heat, and I'm not sure our weather models captured all the impacts of weather. But of the $36 million, we're pretty sure that $25 million, $26 million is weather driven.
Carl L. Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And just a second question, you sort of touched on a comment with respect to perhaps reviewing the dividend in the normal time in January, but as we think about use of proceeds, fairly large sum of money, and just kind of given the market today and kind of how they're rewarding sort of yield growing companies, in 2011 we saw a dividend bump of around 1%. Is there any change in the thought of the framework of using some of that cash, earmarking some of that cash for potential dividend bumps rather than, say for instance, share buyback?
David M. McClanahan: Not at this time, Carl. We have a guide that we use. 50% to 75% of ongoing earnings, we pay out in dividends. We're at the top-end of that range. We need to grow earnings to grow dividends. But I don't expect that we'll take this money and make any kind of special dividends. What we want to do is invest it, drive our earnings and then drive dividends, and that's our goal.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much. Since we do not have any further questions, I'm going to end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel Gary Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc. Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Dea. Good morning, everyone. I'm Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2011 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities.  In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q, filed earlier today, are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Thursday, August 11, 2011.  To access the replay, please call 1 (800) 642-1687 or (706) 645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 75341557. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in the company. This morning, I will update you on our true-up appeal, then describe our second quarter financial results, and provide the operating results for each of our business segments. Let me begin with our true-up appeal. As most of you probably know, the 1999 law, which restructured the electric industry in Texas, allowed electric utilities to recover certain costs and certain other transition expenses in what is known as a true-up proceeding.  In 2005, the Texas PUC issued a decision that tailed to allow us to recover some of the amounts, which we had requested in our application. As a result, we took a $1.5 billion pretax charge to earnings and appealed the PUC decision. The appeal was heard in the District Court, followed by the Court of Appeals and finally, the Texas Supreme Court. In March of this year, the Supreme Court issued a favorable decision in our appeal and reversed the PUC on a number of points. Several parties subsequently filed motions for rehearing, which have been denied by the court. The case has now been remanded to the commission for implementation. Based on the court's decision, we will be seeking recovery of approximately $1.9 billion in the remand proceeding, an amount which includes interest through October of this year. Intravenous [ph] of asset condition to hold hearings to review several issues, including the tax normalization issue that arose from the PUC's original decision, the interest rates to be applied to the true-up balance and certain tax benefits and the recoverability of transaction costs associated with the sale of Texas Genco and rate case expenses. We believe the commission can properly complete any necessary reviews of these issues. And while there has not been a procedural schedule established, we hope these proceedings can be concluded by early fall. Now let me review the company's overall results for the second quarter. This morning, we reported net income of $119 million, or $0.28 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $81 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2010. Operating income for the second quarter was $303 million compared to $263 million last year. We also reported $10 million in lower interest expense this year compared to the second quarter of 2010. Houston Electric had a strong quarter, reporting operating income of $153 million, about $31 million above the second quarter of 2010. Operating income benefited from increased usage, primarily related to warmer weather. Higher transmission revenues received from other providers partially offset by higher transmission cost and lower depreciation expense. We also benefited from growth of more than 32,000 customers since the second quarter of last year. This represents a growth rate of over 1.5%, and is an indication that our service territory continues to rebound. Offsetting these benefits were higher operating expenses.  The second quarter results do not reflect the impact of our recent Houston Electric rate case. Although there are pending motions for rehearing, we now expect new tariffs to be implemented in early September. As I indicated earlier this year, the cash flow impact from this case should be minimal, but we anticipate Houston Electric's operating income will be negatively impacted by approximately $30 million on an annualized basis, once the new rates are in effect. Assuming rates are implemented on September 1, we expect the negative impact on operating income this year to be approximately $10 million. Our natural gas distribution business had a solid quarter, reporting operating income of $13 million or about $3 million above the second quarter of last year. This increase resulted primarily from rate changes, increased usage due in part to weather and growth of over 27,000 customers, partially offset by increases in operating expenses. We are progressing well in the implementation of advanced metering technology in both our electric and natural gas distribution utilities in Houston. Houston Electric is now more than 2/3 through the deployment of an advanced metering system by having installed approximately 1.5 million smart meters. We expect this deployment to be completed by the middle of next year. Earlier this year, we began installing remote electronic transmitters on the 1.2 million natural gas meters in and around our Houston service territory. We have completed an installation of over 250,000 transmitters, which is a bit ahead of schedule, and expect to be completed in the first half of 2013. This new technology is expected to not only provide customer benefits, but to improve the operating efficiencies of these 2 business units. Our competitive natural gas sales and services businesses reported operating income of $3 million compared to an operating loss of $6 million for the second quarter of 2010. After adjusting for mark-to-market accounting for derivatives, the second quarter of 2011 would have reflected an operating loss of $1 million compared to an operating income of $2 million for last year. Our retail business continued to perform well. We saw an increase in both retail customers and sales volumes. Overall, however, throughput was down and we continue to face a challenging market environment, mainly as a result of reduced basis spreads. Now let me turn to our midstream businesses, interstate pipelines and field services. Our interstate pipelines recorded operating income of $60 million compared to $67 million for the second quarter of 2010. In the second quarter, we received lower revenues due to an expiring backhaul contract, as well as restructured long-term contracts with our natural gas distribution affiliates.  We also experienced lower off-system sales and higher operating expenses. However, this was offset somewhat by increased revenues from ancillary services, including new services available to our power generation customers. Equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $5 million compared to $4 million in the second quarter of 2010. Our field services unit reported operating income of $39 million compared to $31 million for the second quarter of 2009. The increase in operating income was primarily the result of long-term agreements in the Haynesville and Fayetteville shale place. This was somewhat offset by lower prices that we received from selling retained gas, as well as higher expenses primarily related to facility expansions and a one time $2.7 million sales tax adjustment. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $3 million for both the second quarter of 2011 and 2010 from our jointly-owned Waskom facilities. Our gathering volumes were up significantly this quarter. Average gathering volumes were approximately 2.2 billion cubic feet per day, an increase of about 26% from the second quarter of last year and up more than 6% from last quarter. Gathering volumes related to shale reserves accounted for approximately 63% of our total volume this quarter, compared to about 46% for the second quarter of last year. Gathering volumes from our traditional basins were at levels comparable to the first quarter of this year, but were down approximately 16% from the second quarter of last year. We have completed the major construction milestones on our Magnolia and Olympia Gathering Systems in the Haynesville Shale. The Magnolia System was completed last year, the Olympia System, as well as a 200 million cubic feet per day expansion of the Magnolia System were substantially completed earlier this year. Our remaining expenditures relate primarily to the connection of additional wells to the system.  We are also investing in additional compression and aiming facilities in the area that will provide opportunities to gather volumes for other producers. During the second quarter, throughput on the Magnolia System averaged approximately 535 million cubic feet per day, which is slightly below the first quarter of this year due to continuing gas quality issues, which are being addressed by our customers, as well as delays in well completions. The Olympia System averaged about 430 million cubic feet per day during the second quarter, an increase of more than 30% over last year -- last quarter, I should say. We expect throughput on these 2 systems to increase over the course of the year and be at or near system capacity in early 2012. In addition to the Haynesville Shale area, we have also realized throughput growth of about 9% since last quarter and over 40% compared to the second quarter of last year in the areas that include the Fayetteville and Woodford shales, primarily driven by projects we are developing for Exxon Mobil. As we have discussed in the past, our principal contracts in the Haynesville and Fayetteville shales provide for throughput or rate of return guarantees, which reduces our sensitivity to throughput volumes. While a number of producers are shifting their emphasis from linear shale plays to more liquid-rich plays, our principal customers have maintained a consistent level of drilling in the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford shales since the beginning of the year. While we anticipate continued growth in the development of these areas, the current low gas price environment may slow the pace of expansion. However, as mentioned on previous calls, we are interested in expanding our business to the more liquid-rich plays and continue to pursue projects in the Eagle Ford, Granite Wash and Marcellus plays. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.1975 per share quarter dividend declared by our Board of Directors on July 19. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today, I would like to discuss the recent positive actions taken by the credit rating agencies, provide an update on the status of our revolving credit facilities and discuss our earnings guidance. Let me start with our credit ratings. You may recall that during our first quarter investor call, I noted that S&P had a firm, definitive point family corporate credit ratings and revised their ratings outlook to positive from stable. I'm very pleased to note that we have experienced 2 favorable developments since our last investor call. Following the Texas Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case, Moody's placed under review for a possible upgrade the ratings to CNP and our operating subsidiaries. On June 29, Moody's announced that it had concluded its review and upgraded the long- and short-term ratings of both CNP and CERC. The senior unsecured ratings of CNP were upgraded to Baa3 from Ba1 and the senior unsecured ratings of CERC were upgraded to Baa2 from Baa3. In addition, the ratings of CE were confirmed and the outlook for all 3 companies is stable. This means that the senior unsecured ratings of our parent company are now investment grade with all 3 of the agencies. This, as you know, had been one of the key objectives for our company since its inception. In addition, on June 22, Fitch revised the ratings outlook on CNP and CE to positive from stable. We are very pleased with the actions of these agencies. Now let me describe the status of our revolving credit facilities. We are in the process of working with our banks to replace our various revolving credit facilities, which are scheduled to expire in June of 2012. We have begun the general syndication of these facilities and expect to close on them in the third quarter. Each of the replacement facilities should be approximately the same size as the ones expiring, and we are proposing 5-year maturities for each. We expect the economic terms to be in line with the terms of other similar facilities that have been syndicated in the market recently. In common with the experience of most borrowers, drawn and undrawn calls under the new facilities will be higher than the costs under the facilities we negotiated in 2007. We are taking this action now to take advantage of what looks to be a very receptive market in order to lock in our short-term liquidity sources for the next 5 years. Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance. As David mentioned, we are pleased with the overall financial performance of our businesses so far this year. And this morning, we reaffirmed our 2011 earnings guidance in the range of $1.04 to $1.14 per diluted share. As a reminder, this guidance does not include the earnings impact of the true-up case.  In addition, in providing earnings guidance, we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance, as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Dea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask the questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from James Krapfel with MorningStar.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc.: Are you having any discussions with Shell and Encana with regards to exercising their extension rates or has the low natural gas environment -- are they taking more of a delay in regard to expanding their throughput capacity?
David McClanahan: We haven't had any discussions recently. We obviously continue to -- we talk regularly about their production schedule and where they're headed. In our 5-year plan, we've got about half of their expansions, options or soon-to-be exercise. I think based on the low gas price environment, I'm thinking today, we may push that out a little bit. But it -- I mean, we're not -- we still think they're going to exercise and expand the system, it may be a little later than we had originally told them.
Operator: The next question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I was just wondering, David, you mentioned that obviously you guys are still looking at doing things more on the liquid to rich via the Eagle Ford, Granite Wash, Marcellus. Last we spoke, we were thinking maybe we might get more color on that by the end of the year. Is that still roughly the time frame we're tracking to? Or is there any additional color around those efforts at this point?
David McClanahan: No, Carl, I think that is pretty much the same time frame. We had thought that there was going to be some -- at least some paring down of the bidders in one RFP by midsummer, but the customer's delayed its action until later on this year. So we still think by the end of the year, we'll have some insight into whether or not we're going to get any Eagle Ford facilities.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Understood. Also just on the pipeline side, one, it might be too early but didn't know if you had any comments on the open season of thunder. But with the others I wanted to ask about was in the text of the press release, there mentions the backhaul contract. I don't know if that's the Chesapeake contract, I thought that expired July 1. So I just wanted to get a better sense of the timing of that expiration and indeed, if we've been able to offset it even if somewhat.
David McClanahan: The Chesapeake backhaul did expire. The original contract, I think the 1st of June, they are still continuing to take certain services from us under a different modified contract, so they still are buying their backhaul services from us. I don't think that's a long-term agreement. And we are making -- having some progress in selling some additional capacity on CP that's been made available by some additional compression we put on the system and just running the system a little better. So I think we have made some progress. Our view was that this was going to be a $20 million impact plus or minus, and we still think that's the case over the long term. So I think things are going according to plan there, and that was the Chesapeake contract that we referred to. In terms of thunder, it is a little bit too early. We did get a fair amount of interest and we're in discussions with the folks that expressed their interest. And I think it's too early to tell if there's a need for additional pipe there or whether existing facilities can be used to service some of these needs.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Andrew Weisel with Macquarie.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: A couple of questions on the utility, we see higher O&M, I know a lot of that was expected. Anywhere to quantify how much of that is related to the drought conditions down there and the stress on the grid from extreme weather?
David McClanahan: If you look at this, Andrew, most of the O&M increases during labor, a little overtime, the medical benefits and kind of cats and dogs, there's no one big item. I don't really think it's related to the drought situation, we do have some increased transmission costs, but those are offset by transmission revenues, more than offset the revenues there. So I don't think the droughts having that big a deal, but this grid is stressed. We've been under alert all week and it's hot in Texas. But I don't think that's creating any operating expense increases to speak of.
Andrew Weisel - Macquarie Research: Okay. Great. A little question for you on that, I see that you appealed the rate case in Houston. Are you able to comment at all on what specific issues you're debating there and where we might get some more clarity?
Scott Rozzell: This is Scott Rozzell. Actually the appeal that we filed on that rate case is really a procedural nicety that lawyers love to talk about. The case is still active before the commission on motions for rehearing, and there will be other appeals issued by the parties once the order on -- the final order of rehearing is issued. There's a question about whether or not procedurally, you have to appeal on order on a first order of rehearing when there's a second order on rehearing coming. And just to make sure we were protected, we filed an appeal of the first order. So I think what you can look for is the real appeals of the parties will be on the second order for rehearing, which we expect to either have a new order or the old order denied by operation of law here this month.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Marianne Paulsen: Do we have any other questions?
Operator: There are no further questions, ma'am.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. Thank you very much. Since we do not have any other questions, I'll end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel Gary Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director C. Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Energy Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Andrew Smith - JP Morgan Chase & Co Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Thea. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2011 results and will also provide highlights of the key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors Section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time to Thursday, May 12, 2011. To access the replay, please call 1 (800) 642-1687 or (706) 645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 52480366. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, I will talk about a significant development that occurred during the first quarter, then describe our first quarter financial results and provide the operating results for each of our business segments. Let me begin with the discussion of our true-up appeal. As most of you probably know, the 1999 law, which restructured the electric industry in Texas, allowed electric utilities to recover stranded costs and certain other transition expenses in what is known as a "true-up proceeding." In 2005, the Texas PUC issued a decision that failed to allow us to recover some of the costs to which we believe we were entitled. As a result, we took a $947 million after-tax extraordinary loss, and appealed the PUC decision. The appeal was heard in the district court, followed by the Court of Appeals and finally the Texas Supreme Court. On March 18, the Supreme Court issued its decision in our true-up appeal. The court reversed the PUC on a number of points and remanded the case back to the commission for implementation. As a result of the decision of the Supreme Court and of the earlier decision by the Court of Appeals, we will be able to seek in the remand proceeding recovery of the following: $210 million of excess mitigation credits paid to retail electric providers; $146 million of deferred federal income taxes that had reduced stranded costs; $378 million in depreciation; and $440 million from the capacity auction true-up. The Supreme Court also determined that the PUC should have valued our generation assets for stranded cost purposes by using the subsequent sales price of those assets. This decision reduced the amount we can seek to recover by $252 million. The net result of the court's decision is approximately $922 million in additional stranded costs and transition expenses.  A number of parties have asked for a rehearing of the Supreme Court's decision. The court has 180 days to act on those motions, or they are denied. Based on the court's decision, we believe we are entitled to seek recovery of approximately $1.85 billion in the remand proceedings. We conclude the calculation of interest through the third quarter of this year. We will also seek a financing order from the PUC to allow us to issue transition bonds to recover the allowed amounts. While there is no statutory deadline for the PUC to act on the remand, interest on the unrecovered true-up balance will continue to accrue at a rate of about 8% until the transition bonds are issued. In his remarks, Gary will discuss the expected accounting treatment and cash flow impacts of the true-up decision. Now let me review the company's overall results for the first quarter. This morning, we reported net income of $148 million or $0.35 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $114 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2010. Operating income for the first quarter was $364 million, compared to $357 million last year. We also reported lower interest expense and federal income taxes this year compared to the first quarter of 2010. Houston Electric had a solid quarter, reporting operating income of $68 million, about $3 million below the first quarter of 2010. Operating income benefited from growth of more than 29,000 customers since the first quarter of last year. This represents a growth rate of about 1.4%, and is an indication that our service territory continues to rebound. Offsetting the benefit of customer growth were higher operating expenses, due primarily to system reliability programs. The first quarter results do not reflect the impact of our recent Houston Electric rate case. The Texas PUC approved the final order at its open meeting last week, but the signed order has yet to be issued. We do not expect new tariffs to be implemented before the third quarter.  As I indicated earlier this year, the cash flow impact from this case should be minimal, but we anticipate Houston Electric's operating income will be negatively impacted by approximately $30 million on an annualized basis. Our Natural Gas Distribution business had another good quarter, reporting operating income of $142 million or about $3 million above the first quarter of last year. This increase resulted primarily from lower bad debt expense, partially offset by increases in other operating expenses.  Last month, the Texas Railroad Commission approved a rate settlement that is expected to result in increased annual revenues of approximately $4.6 million in our South Texas service territory. We had requested an increase of a little over $6 million. The new rates were implemented this month. We are progressing well in the implementation of advanced metering technology in both our Electric and Natural Gas Distribution utilities in Houston. Houston Electric is now a little over halfway through the deployment of its advanced metering system, having installed approximately 1.2 million smart meters. We expect this deployment to be completed in the middle of 2012. Earlier this year, we began installing remote electronic transmitters on the 1.2 million natural gas meters in and around our Houston service territory and expect to be completed in the first half of 2013. This new technology is expected to enhance the information available to our customers and significantly improve the operating efficiency of these business units. Our Competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services business reported operating income of $10 million compared to $15 million for the first quarter of 2010. After adjusting from mark-to-market accounting for derivatives, both quarters' operating income would have been approximately $12 million. Our Retail division had a good quarter, experiencing increases in both the number of customers it serves and sales volumes. Although our Wholesale division continues to face a challenging business environment, we expect to see some improvement over last year.  Now let me turn to our midstream businesses, Interstate Pipelines and Field Services. Both of these units reported results ahead of last year. Our Interstate Pipelines recorded operating income of $76 million compared to $72 million for the first quarter of 2010. Our core business continues to perform well with increased margin from our Carthage to Perryville pipeline, as well as increased revenues related to several new firm contracts to serve the power generation facilities on our system. Ancillary services revenues, however, were below levels of last year.  Operating expenses were lower than the first quarter of last year, principally the result of an insurance settlement recorded in the first quarter of this year. Equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $4 million compared to $3 million in the first quarter of 2010. Our Field Services unit reported operating income of $36 million compared to $23 million for the first quarter of 2010. The increase in operating income was primarily the result of the long-term agreements with subsidiaries of Shell and Encana. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $2 million for both the first quarter of 2011 and 2010 from our jointly owned Waskom facilities. Our gathering volumes were up significantly this quarter. Average gathering volumes were a little over 2 billion cubic feet per day, an increase of about 43% from the first quarter of last year. Gathering volumes related to shale reserves accounted for about 60% of our total volume this year, compared to 32% last year. Gathering volumes from our traditional basins were down about 15% from the first quarter of last year, and about 5% from the most recent quarter. Drilling activity in these areas continues to be modest. The few major systems to gather and treat production in the Haynesville shale continue to progress well. The first 700 million cubic feet per day phase of the Magnolia System is now complete, except for well connects. In the first quarter of this year, we substantially completed construction of the 600 million cubic feet per day Olympia System, and the 200 million cubic feet per day expansion of the Magnolia System, both on schedule and on budget. There are still several pipeline interconnections and additional well connects remaining to be completed. During the first quarter, throughput on the Magnolia System averaged approximately 550 million cubic feet per day, and the Olympia System averaged over 300 million cubic feet per day. We expect throughput on these 2 systems to increase over the course of the year and be at system capacity by early 2012. As you may recall, the Shell and Encana contracts provide for a step-up of annual throughput guarantees as certain milestones are reached. Various milestones are expected to be achieved during 2011, and by early next year, the annual throughput guarantees will be at the contracted capacities. For planning purposes, we are assuming that about half of the remaining 1.3 billion cubic feet per day in expansion rights will be elected over the next 5 years. In addition to the Haynesville shale area, we also realized throughput growth of about 34% in the areas that include the Fayetteville and Woodford shales, driven principally by projects we are developing for XTO Energy, a subsidiary of Exxon Mobil. Over the last 3 years, we have deployed over $140 million for scalable projects in the Woodford and Fayetteville shales, and are positioned to build additional facilities over time to meet our customers' needs.  Overall, I believe our company performed well this quarter. In his remarks, Gary will discuss our earnings guidance for 2011. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $19.75 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 21. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today I would like to discuss the accounting treatment and cash flow impacts of the Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case, recent credit rating agency actions, and our earnings guidance. As David mentioned in his remarks, on the basis of the Supreme Court's March 18 decision, we plan to seek to recover approximately $1.85 billion through the sale of non-recourse securitization bonds. The $1.85 billion includes interest through September 30, certain costs associated with the sale of our generation assets, and an adjustment associated with the benefit of deferred taxes. This entire amount will be subject to federal and state income taxes at a rate of approximately 36%. Although we will receive the cash when the securitization bonds are issued, these taxes will be paid over the life of the bonds as we collect this amount from customers.  As you know, we cannot be certain when the Supreme Court will dispose of the motions for rehearing, or when the PUC will issue its order on remand and the necessary financing order. However, for purposes of this discussion, I have assumed that $1.85 billion of bonds are issued on September 30. If the bonds are issued later than September 30, interest will continue to accrue at approximately 8%.  Let me explain how the $1.85 billion would be recorded. Assuming a 36% tax rate, we expect to recognize just under $1.2 billion in after-tax earnings. This amount will be recognized in 2 different time frames. Once the decision is finalized, the company would immediately recognize after-tax earnings of approximately $830 million to reflect the recovery of additional stranded costs and transition expenses, plus the debt component of the interest amount, offset by the benefit of deferred taxes.  The equity component of the interest amount, which we estimate to be approximately $365 million after taxes, would not be recognized upfront, but will be recognized over the life of the securitization bonds. Regarding the use of the proceeds from the sale of the securitization bonds, our fundamental objectives have not changed. We will continue to seek opportunities to invest in accretive projects and to strengthen the balance sheet. Depending upon the timing and availability of these opportunities, we may also consider a modest stock buyback. Now let me address 2 recent positive credit rating developments. Following the Texas Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case, Moody's placed under review for possible upgrade the ratings of CenterPoint Energy and our subsidiaries CE and CERC. Moody's said that during the course of this review over the next few months, it will assess the financial impact from the Supreme Court ruling, including our plans for the securitization proceeds. Last month, S&P announced that it has affirmed CenterPoint's corporate credit rating at BBB, but also revised the ratings outlook on CenterPoint Energy, CE and CERC to positive from stable. In the release accompanying the announcement, S&P said that the rating action results from improvements in CenterPoint's business and financial risk profile that may support a higher rating, and reflects S&P's expectations that CenterPoint will prudently utilize the proceeds expected to result from the Texas Supreme Court's decision in the true-up case.  Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance. We were pleased with our overall business performance in the first quarter, and this morning, we reaffirmed our 2011 earnings guidance in the range of $1.04 to $1.14 per diluted share. This guidance does not include the earnings impact of the Texas Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case which I described earlier. In providing earnings guidance, we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance, as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Thea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Gary, can I just ask a clarifying question here? So the accounting aside, and I appreciate that color, you're saying that we're going to be paying out the income taxes on the new securitized bonds over the life of those bonds? That means we're actually going to be getting something close to $1.85 billion -- I mean, if it all went well, we'll be getting $1.85 billion of cash on hand and then we'll just see, like a $20 million to $25 million bleed out per year? Is that how we should think of it?
Gary Whitlock: Yes, I would think of it when -- the first part of that is correct. We will sell securitization bonds, in this example, $1.85 billion that we would receive. The tax then will be paid out at approximately 36%, and you can think about that when you see the term of those bonds. So in an assumption that you have 14-year bonds, you would pay the income tax over the 14 years as you collect the money from the customers.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, appreciate that. And just on a related question, and understanding you guys don't necessarily know the minds of the PUC, but do you get the sense that they are working in parallel with respect to the TSC [Texas Supreme Court], i.e. that they're working on the remand order as we speak, or is this something where it's going to be very, very linear and we have to have the Supreme Court either issue their ruling or wait 180 days before the PUC will even start working on this?
David McClanahan: Scott, why don't you address that.
Scott Rozzell: Carl, my expectation is that the commission has reviewed the Supreme Court's order as it exists so far. We'll review the motions for rehearing that people have filed, including the PUC itself, that they will do some preliminary work to understand how that process will play out, potentially looking at prior financing orders and the models that we used to plug in the inputs from the Supreme Court's ultimate decision, so that we will be in a position to move fairly quickly after the Supreme Court rules on the motions for rehearings. But in terms of taking any formal steps, I think the PUC will wait until after the Supreme Court has disposed of the motions for rehearing.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Understood. That's very helpful. And then lastly, if I could, just any investment update, if you will, as far as the status of either the Eagle Ford or the Haynesville -- and with the Haynesville, I'm not necessarily talking about the Encana shale, but there at one point was sort of the intimation that maybe some other types of facilities, support facilities, water, et cetera, might be out there. I didn't know if you could touch on either of those.
David McClanahan: I'll get Greg to answer that for you, Carl.
C. Harper: We continue to work on several items in the Haynesville relative to our contracts with Shell and Encana, and those are -- would evolve around water systems or other services as well. Nothing to report at this point in time. We continue to exchange proposals, and it's really up to our customers to dictate the time frame there, but we feel pretty good that we'll -- eventually something's going to happen. At Eagle Ford, we continue to press forward on opportunities in Eagle Ford. One of our largest customers had a request for proposals come out and we've responded to that, and we'll continue to respond to those.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Gary, also I want to comment on a related question. In terms of how you're going to recognize the earnings from this decision, it appears to me that the $830 million that you would recognize upfront, was an obligation [ph] recognized as a one-time item gain. The $365 million that gets recognized over the life of the bonds, would you consider that as ongoing earnings, or would you look at that separate from your, when you're talking about ongoing earnings with us?
Gary Whitlock: No, I would look at that as ongoing earnings.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. Second question. With regards to the use of proceeds, as you mentioned, investments and potentially a modest share buyback, should we assume that discussions with regards to setting up an MLP are no longer on your radar screen, or is that still under consideration?
Gary Whitlock: I think certainly from a funding perspective, we're looking at that different because we certainly are looking at a significant amount of cash. I think the MLP though, perhaps has other benefits, and I think our position really remains the same. One, our guys are working diligently as you heard from Greg to originate new business in our midstream areas, so to the extent we got significant projects. We would look at an MLP because we'd think about the very long term, when's the best financing vehicle for the very long term. And so we're here to run this company for the longer term, not the near term. So I think an MLP certainly is not off the radar screen. I just think that the events that would be the catalyst for it really need to be significant projects in our midstream business. It's really not necessarily a near-term funding issue. And of course, there's been the qualitative aspects that you have to look at is the valuation for the total company in terms of some of the parts. We certainly continue to look at that with that structure being helpful in that regard, but I would not say it's off the radar screen. I think our screen though that we've put it through is a bit different now with the significant funding that we have coming from the securitization bonds.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Right. And last question, to clarify, what is share buyback -- when you think along those lines, you're thinking in the $50 million, $100 million range or how would you define modest?
Gary Whitlock: Well, I'm really not prepared this morning to put a number on that. I think "modest" speaks for itself, and certainly we would not use the majority of these funds for a share buyback. What we're going to -- let me step back from that. What we want to do, of course, is invest these dollars in accretive projects. That's job number one. And our guys are continuing to work hard to find those very good opportunities. So that's job number one. To the extent, as I've mentioned, the timing of that is different, then we'll look at paying down debt, and we look at a share buyback as well. So don't try to pin me down on a number, but it would be modest because our goal really is to invest in this business. And that's best for our shareholders over the long term and it's best for our credits over the long term is to have really high-quality, accretive investments.
Operator: The next question will come from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Question for you on the numbers you put out regarding the volumes on Magnolia and Olympia, you said 550 on Magnolia and 350 on Olympia, is that correct?
David McClanahan: 300 on Olympia. 550 combined.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And is that -- just so I have this right. The Magnolia is about 900 capacity and the Olympia Phase I -- I'm sorry, the Magnolia and the Magnolia I expansion are, together, 900 of capacity and Olympia Phase I is 600 of capacity?
David McClanahan: That's correct.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So you're roughly running kind of 55% or so capacity utilization in the first quarter and you'd expect to be running full when you exit 2011, is that right?
David McClanahan: By 2012 -- early 2012 is when we expect to ramp up to the contracted quantities, yes.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And so, should we expect -- I mean we look at the operating profit that Field Services put out this quarter, would you expect kind of consistent sequential increases as we go through the year as the system continues to ramp up?
David McClanahan: Well, I think we hope to see some fairly consistent improvements in profitability. The wildcard here, Steve, is our traditional basins, and they have flattened out some last year, they declined a little bit more in the first quarter of this year. But we had some unusual weather, we had, wellhead freeze offs and stuff like that, so we have to kind of look at it again in the second quarter. But I think we should see continued profitability from these investments we've made in Shell and Encana. And as we said, the Fayetteville, especially in southern Woodford, those volumes are picking up, too, more than offsetting the decline we're seeing in the traditional basins.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Great. And then just finally, it seems like O&M expense found a level versus last quarter after a couple of significant increases over the past couple of quarters. Is this a pretty good run rate to use for Field Services O&M expense going forward?
David McClanahan: It's getting close to that. Most of the facilities are now in service and we have been putting new facility in service over the last 12 months, so once they're all in service, especially the AMI [ph] facilities, I think we'll have a good run rate. We're getting very close to that, I would think.
Operator: The next question will come from Debra Bromberg with Jefferies & Company.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was just wondering if I could get clarity on something. The $365 million that you referred to earlier, was that the equity return?
David McClanahan: Yes.
Gary Whitlock: Yes, yes.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And are you securitizing that up front?
Gary Whitlock: Yes, the entire $1.85 billion will be securitized.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Right, but the securitization proceeds, that includes both the debt and equity return?
Gary Whitlock: That includes the total amount, right, in that example I gave.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And the $365 million that you're recognizing over the life of the bonds, is that non-cash?
Gary Whitlock: That would be non-cash, that's correct. Deferred taxes will be set up on all of this, and that would be non-cash, that's correct.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And one other question. Have you said what the deferred tax liability is?
Gary Whitlock: Not specifically. We've estimated it at $1.85 [billion]...
David McClanahan: About $600 million and that'll be kind of ratcheted off over the life of the securitization bond.
Gary Whitlock: [indiscernible] Present value...
Gary Whitlock: I'm sorry, Debbie -- Debra, what was your question again? I missed it.
Andrew Smith - JP Morgan Chase & Co: The deferred tax liability, is that around $600 million?
Gary Whitlock: Yes, that's correct.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Is that the present value?
David McClanahan: No, no. That's just -- you set up that deferred tax when you set up the accounting for the proceeds, and you pay those -- are you referring to the deferred taxes that reduced the amount that we recovered through securitization?
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes.
David McClanahan: Yes. That's not that big, it's about $125 million or so that reduced the amount, essentially reduced the amount of interest we get to recover.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Yves Siegel with Crdit Suisse.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG: I have 2 questions. Number one, could you describe the investment opportunity in the Eagle Ford in terms of the RFP that you received? And the second question is, could you describe how you view the acquisition landscape across the different businesses?
David McClanahan: Greg, do you want to comment on that? This is a confidential kind of RFP and we can't provide very much color other than it's primarily directed at gas gathering and the liquids associated with that.
C. Harper: That's exactly right, David, it is under FCA [ph] right now, [indiscernible] but part of it is right in our [indiscernible], it's traditional gathering, and then the other part would be some higher pressure, can take away price, both gas and liquids.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG: And you wouldn't be looking at processing then?
C. Harper: Possibly.
David McClanahan: And in terms of just the landscape of acquisitions, there's lots of activity going on in the electric space these days. A lot of that is not necessarily driven by pure regulated considerations, and of course, we look at things from a regulated standpoint. So I think there's more activity there now, so if that means anything, I guess only time will tell. Certainly on the midstream businesses, there's been activity there. They're fairly pricey as we see them. We would much rather be investing in organic growth as opposed to paying a high multiple, but we continue to look at those opportunities and I think there'll be some opportunities over time.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG: If I could just follow-up real quick. When we think about the Eagle Ford and your strategic advantage there, is it more so because of the customer connection as opposed to any synergies with existing assets?
David McClanahan: Yes, I think that's right. I mean we obviously know the business well, but it is customer relationship. We do not have any assets today in the Eagle Ford. I would say definitely the relationship is very important.
C. Harper: Also I think just on our core business of gathering, I don't think there is a strategic advantage anybody would have over us just because they have existing facilities. And when you're talking about well connects and taking them to control points. So I think we're on an equal playing field on that type of relationship as well.
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG: Last question, I promise. Just on the re-contracting, what's the situation there?
David McClanahan: With the backhaul?
Yves Siegel - Crdit Suisse AG: Yes.
David McClanahan: We're making some progress on trying to get some dollars or some capacity re-contracted. I think we'll have some success there this year. We probably will not get the full $500 million a day re-contracted, and certainly what we do get re-contracted will be at a lower rate than we're being paid today. We still estimate, I think we said this last time, about a $20 million annual impact this year from the loss of that backhaul. That's including our estimate for offsetting with some re-contracting amounts.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will turn the conference back over to Ms. Paulsen for any closing remarks.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you again, Thea. Since we do not have any further questions, we would like to end the call. Thank you very much for participating today, and we appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-03-01 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary and General Counsel Gary Whitlock - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President David McClanahan - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director C. Harper - Senior Vice President and Group President of Energy Pipelines & Field Services
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Ms. Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2010 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2010 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks.  Our earnings press release and Form 10-K filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors Section. This quarter, we have created supplemental materials, which are also posted under the Investors Section of our website. These materials are for informational purposes, and we will not be referring to them during prepared remarks. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC.  Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6 p.m. Central Time through Tuesday, March 8, 2011. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or (706)645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 35640383. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year.  And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, I will talk about some significant developments that occurred during the fourth quarter and provide details around certain business operations that I believe are of interest to many of you. I will also briefly describe our overall financial results for the quarter, followed by a more comprehensive discussion of our annual results of each of our businesses and our expectations for 2011. Let me begin with our recent Houston electric rate case. The Texas PUC [Public Utility Commission] announced its decision in early February, but has yet to render a written order, so our description is somewhat limited. Although the cash flow impact from this case should be minimal, we anticipate that the decision will have an estimated $25 million to $30 million annualized negative impact on Houston Electric's operating income. We are obviously disappointed in this result. Let me give you a few of the details of the decision, as we understand them today. Rates will be based on a capital structure reflecting 45% equity, up from the current level of 40%. The return on equity was set at 10%. This is an 0.125% to 0.25% lower than the rates most recently authorized for other Texas utilities and reduced the positive effects of the higher equity ratio. We are very disappointed in this aspect of the PUC's decision. The commission reduced Houston Electric's revenue requirement by about $10 million to reflect tax savings in other CenterPoint businesses. This is commonly referred to as the consolidated tax savings adjustment. While it had been -- previously been the practice of the commission to make this type of an adjustment, it did not do so in the recent Oncor case, and we were hopeful the commission would follow the precedent set in that case. The commission had a lengthy discussion about the calculation and indicated that it would initiate a workshop to consider whether this issue should be the subject of a rule making.   Rate base was reduced to reflect the PUC's assumptions regarding the company's liability for uncertain tax positions. This change in rate base resulted in a revenue requirement reduction of approximately $17 million. However, a tractor was established to capture the revenue requirement difference between the assumed and actual tax outcome. I might also add that our AMS investment of approximately $121 million was moved from a surcharge into base rates. This change has no effect on operating income since we were already recognizing a return on this investment under the smart meter surcharge. Now let me update you on our advanced technology deployments. The implementation of an advanced metering system in our Houston Electric service territory is progressing well. We are currently installing over 80,000 smart meters per month, and we celebrated the installation of our 1 millionth smart meter last week. We have invested approximately $240 million through December, excluding $100 million we have requested under our DOE grant. Houston Electric will use $50 million of the DOE grant to support our Intelligent Grid Initiative, which is also progressing well. Earlier this year, we began installing remote electronic transmitters on the 1.2 million natural gas meters in and around our Houston service territory. These devices will initially allow us to automate natural gas meter readings and in the future, will enable other functionality. We expect to invest approximately $85 million on this project, which should be completed within 36 months. Now let me turn to our Field Services business. This has been our fastest growing business segment, and we expect significant growth to continue for the next few years. As you recall, we are building two major systems to gather and create production for Shell and in Encana in the Haynesville Shale. The first 700 million cubic foot per day phase of the Magnolia System is complete except for well connects. Construction of the Olympia System and the 200 million cubic feet per day expansion of the Magnolia System are progressing on schedule and on budget. By the end of the first quarter of this year, we expect to have both of these projects substantially completed except for pipeline interconnections scheduled for later this year and well connects. This will bring the total capacity of these two systems to 1.5 Bcf per day. The Shell and Encana contracts provide for annual throughput guarantees upon completion of various milestones that have been or will be achieved throughout 2011. The initial phase of the Magnolia System is flowing at close to contracted volume capacity. We expect throughput on the Olympia System and the Magnolia expansion to increase over the course of the year and be at system capacity by early 2012. Once we complete construction of the current phases of the Magnolia and Olympia Systems, our total investment will be approximately $800 million. Shell and Encana have expansion rights for another 1.3 billion cubic feet per day of capacity, which would cost up to an additional $450 million to construct. For planning purposes, we are assuming that about half the expansion rights will be executed over the next five years. I would also add that we continued to expect mid-teen unlevered return from these investments once production is ramped up to near the contracted capacity. Now let me review the company's overall operating results for the fourth quarter. This morning, we reported net income of $124 million for the fourth quarter or $0.29 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $105 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the same period of 2009. Operating income for the fourth quarter of 2010 was $302 million compared to $299 million for the same period of 2009. Houston Electric's operating income declined by $5 million primarily related to increased expenses for our reliability programs, the timing of energy efficiency expenditures and unplanned environmental remediation costs. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment reported a $13 million decline in operating income. This decline was driven by lower system throughput due to milder weather, higher expenses and improved rate designs that shifted base revenues into the second and third quarters.  Operating income for our Interstate Pipelines segment was essentially the same as 2009 as higher revenues, primarily from firm contracts associated with Phase 4 of the Carthage to Perryville pipeline, were offset by lower revenues from ancillary services. Increased operating income of $35 million in our Field Services segment included a $21 million gain related to the sale of a small nonstrategic gathering system in the Texas panhandle. The additional increase in operating income was primarily related to new facilities in the Haynesville Shale constructed since the previous year. Operating income at our Energy Services business declined $21 million due to increased mark-to-market losses on derivative contracts and a contraction in seasonal price differentials.  Finally, net income for the quarter benefited from a $24 million reduction in deferred tax expense due to the conversion of certain subsidiaries of cert to LLCs. Now let me turn to our full year 2010 performance. Our reported net income for 2010 was $442 million, a $1.07 per diluted share, compared to $372 million, a $1.01 per diluted share for 2009. Operating income was $1.25 billion in 2010, an increase of more than $125 million or 11% from 2009. Houston Electric reported operating income of $427 million for 2010 compared to $414 million for 2009. This increase was primarily the result of customer growth, increased usage in part due to favorable weather and increased earnings associated with our smart meter investment. Partially offsetting these increases was a $21 million reduction in revenues associated with the credit to customers' bills reflecting the benefit of deferred taxes associated with Hurricane Ike storm restoration cost. We also experienced increased operating expenses due primarily to system reliability programs, increased employee-related expenses and environmental remediation cost. It is worth noting that even in a relatively weak economy, we added nearly 28,000 customers in 2010, a growth rate of about 1.3%. As we look to 2011, we expect customer growth will be at or a little better than what we experienced in 2010, which has helped to offset the estimated $20 million partial year impact from the rate case decision and expected expense increases. The bottom line is I expect Houston Electric to be down some from 2010, absent increased usage from weather or other developments. 2010 was an exceptional year for our Natural Gas Distribution business, which reported operating income of $231 million compared to $204 million in 2009. Operating income benefited from rate changes, lower pension and benefit costs and lower bad debt expense. Partially offsetting these benefits were higher operating expenses, including an increase in depreciation.  Over the last several years, this business has worked diligently on reducing customer delinquencies and bad debt expense and is also focused on obtaining necessary rate increases and improving rate design. I'm pleased to say that we continued to see the benefits of those efforts in 2010. As we move into 2011, we believe this unit is poised for another good year. We expect to finalize one small rate case this year, which together with a number of annual rate adjustments, should provide some revenue uplift. Our focus will also continue to be on operational improvements and expense control. Our Competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services business reported operating income of $16 million for 2010 compared to $21 million for 2009.  Excluding mark-to-market gains and losses and natural gas inventory write-downs, our Energy Services business would have reported operating income of $18 million compared to $50 million for 2009. This decline was principally the result of reduced wholesale opportunities because of significantly tighter locational price differentials and an absence of seasonal storage spreads. Last year, our retail sales were stable and we added more than 1,000 customers to our total customer base. We expect our retail business to see improvement this year. We believe we have stabilized our wholesale business and expect some marginal improvement. Absent the effects of mark-to-market impacts and inventory adjustments, we expect 2011 to be a better year than 2010 for Energy Services. Now let me turn to our midstream businesses, Interstate Pipelines and Field Services. Our Interstate Pipelines recorded operating income of $270 million for 2010 compared to $256 million for 2009. Our core business continues to perform well, building on its strong fee-based foundation with increased margins from our Carthage to Perryville pipeline as well as increased revenues related to several new firm contracts to serve power generation facilities on our system. Our fee-based margin grew by 4%, but this growth was partially offset by reduced revenues from ancillary services and off-system sales. Our equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $19 million. This compares to equity income of $7 million in 2009, which was reduced by a $16 million noncash charge due to the discontinued use of regulatory accounting.  As I mentioned last quarter, we have a backhaul agreement that terminates in the middle of 2011, which will reduce revenues and will also impact the fuel efficiency of Line CP. Offsetting this decline is the addition of about 100 million cubic feet of Line CP capacity available on a forward-haul basis. The overall impact is expected to be about $20 million. To date, we have not secured sufficient new contract revenues to fully offset this impact. We also have some expense pressures stemming from EPA regulations. So without the benefit of higher ancillary revenues this year, which would be driven primarily by change in market conditions, it will be difficult for our Pipeline business to match the operating income we earned in 2010. Our Field Services unit reported operating income of $151 million for 2010 compared to $94 million for 2009. Operating income for 2010 included the $21 million gain associated with the small gathering system we sold in the fourth quarter. The remaining $36 million increase in operating income was primarily the result of the new long-term agreements with subsidiaries of Shell and Encana. Gathering volumes were up significantly in 2010 compared to 2009. Average gathering volumes in 2010 were 1.8 Bcf per day, an increase of more than 50% from 2009. For the month of December 2010, gathering volumes averaged a little over 2 Bcf per day. As we reported last quarter, gathering volumes from our traditional basins have leveled off. Fourth quarter volumes were flat to the fourth quarter of 2009. For the year, traditional volumes were down about 8%.  In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $10 million from our jointly owned Waskom facilities compared to $8 million the previous year. As we look to 2011, we expect Haynesville production to increase steadily over the year, and we also expect some increased volumes in the Fayetteville and Woodford shales. We are assuming flat volumes from our traditional fields. Our fee-based revenues will increase as we achieve the milestones for the Olympia System and the Magnolia expansion. Overall, we expect Field Services to achieve significant increases in operating income. Taking into account the performance of all of our business units, I believe that our company performed very well in 2010. I would like to acknowledge the dedication of our employees as they work hard not only to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations, but to strengthen business relationships and capture new business opportunities. We also continue to strengthen our balance sheet, improving our overall financial flexibility and strength. As a result of these collective efforts, I believe the company is well positioned to capture opportunities this year and beyond. Looking to the future, we expect to benefit from our balanced portfolio of Electric and Natural Gas businesses. Near term, Field Services will continue to enjoy the benefits of capital investment opportunities in the shale plays. Longer term, growing service territory should provide good investment opportunities for our regulated businesses. In his remarks, Gary will provide our overall earnings guidance for 2011. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.1975 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 20. This marks the sixth consecutive year that we have raised our dividend. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today, I'd like to discuss a few items with you. First, we are very pleased with the steps we have taken during the year to strengthen our balance sheet and to enhance our credit metrics to ensure that we maintain the financial flexibility to effectively execute our business plan. Excluding securitization debt, we reduced our corporate consolidated debt from $7 billion to $6.7 billion at year-end 2010 while funding a capital program of $1.46 billion. Our debt to total capitalization improved from approximately 73% to 67%. In 2010, we raised $416 million of additional equity with the issuance of 33 million shares of common stock. Of this amount, $315 million was associated with an underwritten equity offering executed in conjunction with the announcement of our Field Services business signing excellent long-term agreements with Shell and Encana. The remaining shares were issued as part of our savings plan, dividend reinvestment plan and various benefit programs. At this time, based on the significant steps we have taken the past two years to strengthen our balance sheet and the significant cash we generate from our operations, we have suspended the use of original issue shares for the savings plan and dividend reinvestment plan. Instead, shares will be purchased on the open market to fund these plans. Now let me discuss our capital spending plan for 2011 in total and by segment. We estimate our 2011 CapEx to be $1.34 billion, a decrease of $125 million from 2010. About 77% or a little more than $1 billion of CapEx this year will be spent by our regulated businesses compared to 52% in 2010. Let me give you a breakdown by business. We expect to spend $605 million in our Electric business, an increase of $142 million from 2009, primarily related to our advanced metering and intelligent grid deployments. We expect to spend $263 million in our Natural Gas Distribution business, reflecting an increase of $61 million from 2010 primarily for the remote electronic transmitters that David referred to in his comments, as well as increased spending on improvements related to safety and system reliability. Our pipeline's capital budget is $157 million, which is above the 2010 level of $102 million due primarily to increased maintenance capital and additional spending to ensure compliance with certain EPA rules. Our capital budget for Field Services is $262 million, which is a reduction of $406 million from 2010 as we have completed a significant portion of the spending on the build out of the Shell and Encana projects. This estimate does not include any new capital, which may be required if we were to have a new significant opportunity either in or outside of our current footprint. Along these lines, we have been asked about our financing strategy for any new significant investment in our midstream businesses. Specifically, whether we are considering the formation of an MLP as a financing option. We think the formation of an MLP could be an efficient way to finance new growth as compared to selling common equity. However, our focus has been and will continue to be on executing the optimum financing plan for the company based on our particular circumstances. For example, before forming an MLP, we would need to be confident that there would not be a material negative impact to the credit ratings of the parent company or our utilities subsidiaries. Now let me discuss our current financing activities and financing plan. Thus far in 2011, we have taken two important steps to refinance debt maturities at CERC. First, in early January, CERC should $250 million of 10-year 4.5% senior notes and $300 million of 30-year 5.85% senior notes. The offering was very well received by the market, and we were able to price both series of notes well below the indicative secondary levels. Proceeds from the sale of the notes were used for the repayment of the $550 million of 7.75% CERC notes that matured in February. Obviously, we are very pleased to have the opportunity to replace this 7.75% coupon in CERC with debt having a much lower rate. Also in January, CERC issued an additional $343 million of 10-year 4.5% senior notes and provided cash consideration of $114 million in exchange for 52% of the outstanding $762 million of 7.875% notes due in 2013. We are very pleased with the results of this exchange offer. It has allowed us to significantly reduce the size of the CERC maturity that we were otherwise facing in 2013 and to do so by locking in a refinancing rate on the new CERC debt that is very attractive on an historical basis. So we have both lowered the weighted average coupon on CERC's debt portfolio and extended the average maturity of the debt portfolio. I would also note that we have no material maturities until 2013 at either the parent or its two operating subsidiaries. Let me mention that our various revolving credit facilities terminate in late June of 2012. Consequently, we expect to syndicate new revolving credit facilities later this year. The bank market continues to improve, and we will be seeking to put in place new revolving credit facilities with the appropriate size and tenor with the optimum pricing. Now let me turn to my final topic, our 2011 earnings guidance. This morning, in our earnings release, we announced 2011 earnings guidance in the range of $1.04 to $1.14 per diluted share. I would like to highlight a few of our more important economic and commodity price assumptions behind the business unit performance expectations David discussed in his comment. Our expectation is that the overall U.S. economy will continue to recover in line with consensus economic forecast. But the economy in much of our service territories in particular, Texas, is expected to improve a little more quickly than the broader U.S. economy. As for our assumption relative to natural gas prices, we have assumed a forecast in line with the industry consensus, which is approximately $4 per MMBTU. Our forecast does not reflect a material change in natural gas liquids pricing from 2010 levels. We expect the interest expense to decline in 2011 compared to 2010 based on our recent completed refinancing, and we expect the overall tax rate to be 38% for the year. The share count for the EPS calculation will reflect the full impact of the shares issued in 2010. Our year-end share count was approximately 428 million shares compared to the average share count of 413 million in 2010. This increase in share count impacts diluted EPS by approximately $0.04. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations.  Now I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, I will now open the call to questions. And in the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. So Tina would you please give the instructions for how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Gary, just kind of keying in on the comments you made, and appreciate the color here. You would nor or you'd made a mention of the questions we're getting on potential financing of new significant projects. And so maybe for you or David, can you sort of comment how perhaps that opportunity is progressing perhaps on a relative basis versus three months ago? Do you find that conversations are heating up on this front, slowing down, staying the same, percolating in the background? Any additional flavor on that?
David McClanahan: Carl, we continued to be in very active discussions with a number of producers and this is around projects in our footprint: Haynesville, Fayetteville, Woodford. But it's also around projects outside our footprint, in particular, the Eagle Ford. But we don't expect that the Eagle Ford discussions are near-term decisions. They're sometime later this year, but we're actively looking at it. I would say they're probably more active today than they were three months ago because it's getting closer to a decision point. But there haven't been any official RFPs put out on the -- by the producers we're talking to. So I think they're very active discussions, but I think we probably, before midyear, we'll know if we're going to have any real expansion opportunities outside our footprint.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great, and I appreciate that color. And then a second question, if I could, and I know this is a little bit of apples and oranges, but I want to get a better sense of the sales and services aspect that David, I think you mentioned, you expect to be improving in 2011 versus, say, for instance, pipeline, ancillary park and loan which is going to basically be staying unchanged. And I perhaps maybe incorrectly, tend to think of both of those as somewhat being linked to volatility perhaps. Can you give me a better sense of perhaps why we should expect to see an increase in the competitive sales and services in 2011? And if you could also give us some more color -- if we look back on prior years, again pre-mark-to-market, there's been a pretty robust earnings range prior and so when you say you expect to do better in 2011, is that nominally or are you thinking that it's going to get back to something like 2009, for instance?
David McClanahan: Let me give you a little bit of color around this. As you know, I've told you in the past that we believe our retail business produces operating income in the $30 million to $35 million range. And our wholesale business, in the past, has added operating income above that. We clearly didn't make any money. We, in fact, lost some money in the wholesale business in 2010. Now part of the reason, I believe we're going to do better is, some of the pipeline capacity that we have under contract terminates this year. And so we're not going to have to try to find ways to offset that fixed expense. It's just going to go away, but we're also taking a much different approach to that business. Our goal is to make sure we fully realize the retail businesses' profitability in our CenterPoint earnings and not have the wholesale business, at least in the near term where basis and seasonal price differentials are really small, impact the overall profitability of the company. So we're working hard to make the wholesale business at least breakeven, but hopefully we'll be able to produce a profit and then we'll be able to fully realized our retail business, which is really why we're in this business. We're in it to sell gas to commercial and industrial customers. We have a lot of pipeline capacity, about a Bcf scattered across the country and 10 or 11 Bcf at storage, which we use primarily to serve our retail customers. But we are able to optimize around that. And in the past, some years, we made $30 million, $40 million, $50 million on that. Those days are probably gone at least for the foreseeable future with all the pipeline capacity that's been built, the new reserves and all the storage that's coming in. You never know, there's always disruptions, as you know, weather, hurricanes, something happens that you stand ready to be opportunistic. But our base plan is not based on that. It's to, let's make sure we get the full retail business reflected in earnings and then make sure wholesale is at least breakeven.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. I appreciate all that color.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: I just wanted to ask a follow-up on your MLP comments earlier. I guess, in the past, you've said MLP would be kind of in your toolbox in case you needed it. And then it sound like today you kind of said the same thing in terms of if your credit and balance sheet and so forth are improved and you need it for financing you would look at it again. Has there been a shift in tone where now it's more of an option to go forward with it? Or is this kind of the same as always?
Gary Whitlock: This is Gary. I think the first thing I'd say is that we have continued to improve our credit metrics as I mentioned and strengthened our balance sheet. And so I do think from the standpoint of optionality around an MLP, be certain we have positioned ourselves better to do so. From a financing perspective, if you look at this year and just to remind you, from a cash flow perspective, we have the benefit this year of -- in 2011 of approximately a little less than $500 million of bonus depreciation, reducing our overall CapEx programs. So we're going to have what I would describe as very limited need for any borrowings this year. So from a financing perspective, I think it really has and we've been consistent of saying that if it's an optimum financing -- in other words, to the extent we have the opportunity, originating new business, that David described earlier, that would require additional capital, we think the MLP certainly could be the more optimum way to finance that. So we continue to work diligently to be prepared if that is in the best interest of the company.
Reza Hatefi - Polygon Investment Partners: I guess is it fair to assume maybe it's more of a farther out option, maybe 2012 or later because this year sounds like you're doing fine?
Gary Whitlock: I don't think I would reach that conclusion. I would conclude the following or provide you the following guidance: we are going to continuously look at what's in the best interest of the company both from a financing perspective and a capital structure. And we're going to continue to be thoughtful about that. But certainly, one of the key drivers would be the opportunity that we would originate new business that we would need to finance. So I don't want you to read in 2011 or 2012. Just, I think, read in that the company's going to execute within its best interest and the best interest, more importantly, of our shareholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: David or Greg, I apologize if you addressed it and I missed it in the early part of the call. But could you remind us, what is the final impact of this Houston Electric rate case that just was completed?
David McClanahan: I noted that in my comments, Ali. On an annualized basis, the operating income impact is $25 million to $30 million. In 2011, we're thinking its close to $20 million because that will not be implemented until the second quarter. And this is a reduction in operating income. Now it has very little -- as a matter-of-fact, it has a slight increase in cash flow. But the operating income impact is negative.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: And just related to that, could you also remind us, what was your actual ROE earned by Houston Electric in 2010? And what sort of the embedded ROE in that guidance that you gave us for '11?
David McClanahan: That's a good question. I don't have that at my fingertips. Let me tell you where we were and this is a roundabout way of getting to it. In 2009, if you use the same rate base methodology that the commission used in our case, i.e. reducing rate base by our uncertain tax positions, we would have earned about 10.5% on equity. That's pretty close to where we're going to be in 2010. I haven't done the actual calculations, but it'd be about 10.5% and of course they are now saying that we ought to be earning 10%. And that difference between 10% and 10.5% is about $15 million of revenue gone.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: I see. So based on that math, you should be pretty much around 10% in '11?
David McClanahan: We will -- I hesitate a little bit because we do have this consolidated tax adjustment that the commission made and it's a $10 million adjustment and it's the cut for tax savings in our other subsidiaries, which really don't flow into Houston Electric. So we have to overcome that $10 million reduction to make our full rate of return. Now we're going to work hard to do that, but I can assure you that will happen.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a couple of cleanups, but David, staying on the rate case decision for a second, what would be the timeframe -- I mean how much farther out should be go before we might be re-addressing some of the issues here? I mean, taking off the consolidated tax issue, which I guess making its own focus here. But is it three years, four years, could it even be next year? I'm just trying to kind of get a sense of is the magnitude of the disappointment enough that it could be this time next year looking at another rate case or is it much further out?
David McClanahan: It's certainly in this year. It could be perhaps in late 2012, but I don't -- I can't answer that probably the way you'd like for me to because we hadn't really made that decision yet. I will say this. What we're really working on with both the commission and the legislature is a distribution cost recovery factor, which would allow us to make periodic rate changes without a full rate case. Take this regulatory lag out from all the capital we're spending and absent the AMS investment, we're still spending $400-plus million a year. And that has a regulatory impact. So our focus is to try to get this distribution cost recovery factor, give the commission the authority to do it. They took this rule up late last year and decided to not go forward with it until the legislature took a look at it. But that's our focus today as opposed to filing a full rate case to see if we can't get that done in this legislative session.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. I very appreciate that. And then two quick follow-ups for Gary. Gary, could just -- you mentioned the bonus depreciation, but I didn't catch the number. Could you just repeat what the bonus depreciation impact is for 2011? And also what year-over-year, if it's material, pension expense increase?
Gary Whitlock: On bonus depreciation, a little less than $500 million in 2011. And we had about a $30 million benefit last year. And then in 2012, we'll also have a $50-plus million benefit from bonus depreciation. So think of this year a little less than $500 million. Also I want you to think of that as being used to fund our CapEx program. I think that's what these tax benefits were designed to do and that's what we're doing, is investing in our businesses. And what was the second question?
Unidentified Analyst: Just pension expense year-over-year, I didn't know if it was material or worth noting.
Gary Whitlock: It's probably up about $14 million to $15 million, not material.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The true-up case in the Supreme Court, what's happened there?
David McClanahan: Mr. Rozzell?
Scott Rozzell: I think David calls for me to answer this question because he doesn't like saying we don't have really anything to report, but there have been no developments since the case was argued in October of 2009. So we're continuing to await the court's decision there. There's no statutory deadline by which they have to act. The time when we would have expected to have received a decision from them has come and gone. So I think the only thing that we can say is everyday we're another day closer to a decision.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The contracts, the Interstate Pipeline and the $30 million decrease from all system, ancillary and transportation margins, how much of that had to do with the contract expiration that you were talking about?
David McClanahan: The contract, the backhaul contract and the -- and we have some additional capacity that was added as we've put some compression in which was about $100 million that we can get on a forward-haul basis. That had about a $20 million impact on our revenues. Really the -- not having to do with ancillary services, that's on a go-forward basis.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: So the $20 million is sort of a run rate going forward, correct?
David McClanahan: It is. That's the negative impact, but we're working to offset that. That's kind of what it would look like if we just let it go and not try to offset that. We are trying to both line up additional backhaul contracts, which helps us from a fuel efficiency standpoint as well, as well as we have some capacity on a forward-haul basis we're trying to sell, too. So we're trying to offset that $20 million. To date, we haven't fully been able to do it, but that's the goal of our team, is to make a big dent in that.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then going out a couple of years now, three or four years, is there any other contracts like this that you see potentially expiring that have a substantial difference from what the market would probably provide if they were to expire?
David McClanahan: Not really. The only other ones we have are like on Line CP. We had our initial contracts probably start rolling off in 2015 or 2016. But those were market-based contracts when we signed them, and I don't think they're the same nature as this backhaul agreement. This was a very unique contract at the time and so I don't think we have anything of this nature that's going to be expiring over the next few years.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The 2015 and 2016, how should we think about just sort of how much they're out of the market now, these market-based contracts, when you signed them versus now?
David McClanahan: I don't think that they are out of -- Greg, maybe you ought to answer that instead of me trying to fumble it around here.
C. Harper: This is Greg. Basically, our CP capacity, we are currently selling at system max rate and those are the rates we're seeing. And we're trying to negotiate in advance of those contracts rolling off. So while the capacity is still of value, that's our plan and so we extend -- do look to extend those out early.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then finally on the consolidated tax situation, and I'm sorry I didn't completely grasp everything that you guys were saying, do you think there may be a separate proceeding to deal with that, is that correct?
David McClanahan: The commission had a long discussion about this adjustment and whether you should gross it up for taxes. And at the end of the day, they said, let's not gross this up for taxes, but let's have a workshop to fully discuss this adjustment and the tax gross up provision of it. And they'll have that sometime I think this year. If it may lead, it could lead to a rule making. Certainly, we'll be active participants in it. We've disagreed with that provision from the start. It's -- the commission has used it since the mid- to late 90s, and we just fundamentally disagree that you ought to have that kind of adjustment on a stand-alone case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How does it affect outside of a rate case? Is there any impact that we should think this other than whenever you go in for a regulatory proceedings such as when you went through, is there any sort of true up or anything else we should think about this? It would seem to me that would only be rate case specific.
David McClanahan: I think that's a good way to describe it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: And then finally, does it impact the thought process such as the MLP?
David McClanahan: I don't think so. I don't think it would affect that.
Marianne Paulsen: Tina, do we have any other questions?
Operator: We have no further questions, ma'am.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. So then since we have no further questions, we'll end the call. I would like to thank everybody for participating on the call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-08-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director, IR David McClanahan - President and CEO Gary Whitlock - EVP and CFO Scott Rozzell - VP 
Analysts: Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Leon Duval - Catapult Ali Agha - SunTrust Tom ONeal - Green Arrow Faisel Khan - CitiGroup Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse Scott Senchak - Decade Capital 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys second quarter 2010 earnings conference call with senior management. During the companys prepared remarks all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen, please go ahead
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much Tina. Good morning everyone, this is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I would like to welcome you to the second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our second quarter 2010 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the companys filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, August 11, 2010. To access the replay please call 1800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 86603138. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energys website for at least one year. And with that I will now turn the call over to you, David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Today, I am going to give my prepared remarks in a somewhat different fashion. I am first going to talk about new developments that occurred during the second quarter and provide some details around certain business operations that I believe are of interest to many of you. I will briefly describe our overall financial results and Gary will provide details regarding the performance of each of our business units. Recently, there have been three questions that I am asked most often when talking to analysts or shareholders about CenterPoint Energy. First, what can you tell me about the Houston Electric rate case? Second, how are your new investments in field services doing and what are key sensitivities around profitability in that business? And finally, is there anything new with the True-Up case. Let me take the last one first. There still has been no decision by the Texas Supreme Court on our True-Up appeal. While the Supreme Court has already ruled on some appeals that were heard after ours, we know our case is complex and are not surprised the court has yet to render a decision. We still believe that theres a good chance and that the Supreme Court will reach a decision before the end of this year. As most of you probably know we filed a Houston Electric rate case on June 30. This filing was required as part of the settlement we reached in our last rate case over four years ago. Our rate request has 2 pieces, a $76 million increase in our distribution rates and an $18 million in our wholesale transmission rates. Since our filing we have determined that our present distribution rates will not produce quite as much revenue on a normalized basis as we first calculated. And accordingly, the revenue deficiency in our filings, may actually be another $15 million or still higher. The increases we have requested in our base rates are influenced raised significantly by three factors. First, we are shifting the base rates, the investment we have made to date in our advanced metering system. This increased our revenue requirement by about $38 million. Secondly, we requested an increase in the equity component of our capital structure from the 40% level currently in rate to 50%. As a rule of thumb, each 5% movement in equity capitalization would have about a $20 million revenue requirement impact. We have also requested an 11.25% return on equity. This is the return set by the commission in our last fully litigated rate case in 2001. For each 25 basis point change in ROE, the revenue requirement impact would be about $7 million. In addition, to these three factors, we have requested recovery of increased pension cost as well as the amortization of pension costs we deferred over the last few years. The impact of the pension costs is substantially offset by lower depreciation expense due to revisions we have requested in our overall depreciation schedule. There have also been other typical increases in our cost of service since 2006 when our present rates were set. As a part of this filing we also requested a distribution cost recovery mechanism that would allow us to annually adjust the distribution rates to reflect changes in expense, capital investment and customer usage. The Commission currently has a rule making under consideration that encompasses some of these same principles.  Last Friday, the Commission severed this part of our rate application due to this rule making. While we were aware that the timing of our request for the adjustment mechanism was not ideal due to the pending rule making, we felt it was important to include it in our filings. We hope that the distribution rates that come out of our case will be the baseline for any future adjustment mechanism. We expect the Commission will render a decision in our case around the end of this year. Now let me turn to our field services businesses. This is our fastest growing business segment and one that is changing very rapidly. I believe a good way to think about this business is to divide it into two pieces. Our traditional basins where our customers develop their projects using vertical drilling and our Shale plays where horizontal drilling is the norm. In our traditional basins, we both gather and process natural gas. We typically have dedicated acreage provisions in our contracts, but no throughput guarantees. The majority of our processing whether from our wholly owned plants or our Watscom joint venture comes from our traditional basins.  For the first six months of this year, approximately $66 million or nearly 60% of our total operating margin was realized from our traditional basins on gathering volumes of approximately 156 billion cubic feet. For clarity, I would note that our operating margin is our reported revenues less natural gas expense. This operating margin includes gathering and processing fees and the sale of retained gas and natural gas liquids. We estimate that the year-to-date operating margins from our traditional basins is about $20 million lower than last year, primarily as a result of the decline in drilling and production. However, we have seen some recent indications that this decline has begun to moderate. Our gathering business in the Shale plays is different. In these areas we have either volume commitments or rate of return guarantees and thus we are not exposed to the throughput risk of the traditional basins. There are minimal amount of liquids in the natural gas we currently gathered from the Shales and therefore limited processing opportunities. Our three largest customers in the Shale plays are Shale, Encana and Exxon Mobil, the successor to our long time customer XTO. Gathering for Exxon Mobil is concentrated in the Fayetteville and Woodford Shale while gathering for Shale in Encana is concentrated in the Haynesville Shale. The majority of our activities and investments this year have been in Haynesville so let me focus on that area for a moment. We have two major gathering systems in this region. The Magnolia system which is in North Haynesville is substantially complete with only well-connect activity remaining. To date, weve spent about $286 million of our projected $325 million budget for the original 700 million cubic feet per day system. In addition, Shale and Encana have made their first request for an expansion to this system for an additional 200 million cubic feet per day. This expansion, which should cost approximately $60 million is underway and should be in service in the first quarter of next year. The Olympia system in Southern Haynesville is under construction and is expected to be substantially complete except for well connect by the end of this year at a cost of approximately $400 million. This includes the existing facilities we purchased at closing. Construction on the trump line is underway and permits are pending for the net gathering and treating facilities. Our gathering volumes in the Haynesville area have increased substantially during the first six months of this year and includes some third party volumes not related to Shale and Encana. In the second quarter our average gathering volumes from the Magnolia and Olympia systems were about 500 million cubic feet per day. We have also seen some modest increases in gathering from other Shale areas. In total, our estimated average daily volume, year-to-date from all the Shale areas was approximately 700 million cubic feet per day. Operating margins from these areas was about $42 million or about 35% of our total margins for the first six months of this year on gathering volumes of approximately 128 billion cubic feet. Once again this margin includes both our gathering fees and sale of retained natural gas. In the first six months of last year we had only minimal operating margins from the Shale area. We have been asked how to estimate the impact of changes in natural gas prices on the operating margins of our field services business. As a reminder, our gathering revenues are primarily derived from fees but there is a portion related to sales of retained natural gas. We retain gas from either a usage component of our contract or from compressor efficiencies. As a rule of thumb we currently retain about 1% and 1.5% of all gathering volumes. So for example if we gather 100 billion cubic feet of gas we retain 1.5 bcf. Thus a $1 change in the price of gas would impact our operating margin by approximately $1.5 million. I have covered this fairly quickly but we can spend more time during the Q&A session if further clarification is needed. With respect to our operating results for the second quarter, we had a good solid quarter overall with both business units performing at or ahead of our expectations. Operating income was $263 million this quarter compared to $253 million last year. Our net income was $81 million or $0.20 per diluted share compared to $86 million or $0.24 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Gary will give you additional details regarding our segment results in a moment. In closing, I would like to remind you of the $0.195 per share quarterly dividend declared by the Board of Directors on July 22. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings in cash flows. With that I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you David and good morning to everyone. Let me give you a little more details about the performance of our individual business units. Houston Electric reported operating income of $122 million compared to the $129 million in 2009. As part of our securitization of Hurricane Ike restoration cost late last year we were required to implement a tariff that gave our customers credit for the time value of the accelerated tax benefits associated with those storm costs. The credit mechanism chosen by the Commission resulted in a larger securitized amount but required a credit to customer billed during the life of the securitization bond. The reduction in revenues from this credit, accounts for substantially all of decline in Houston Electrics operating income this quarter. Increased revenues associated with our customer growth of approximately 21,000 and higher income from our advanced metering system investments offset our operating expense increases. Our gas LDCs had another solid quarter, and are having a very good year. Operating income was $10 million compared to $2 million last year. This increase was primarily due to rate changes, non-volume metric revenues such as reconnect fees and lower operating expenses. The continued success of this unit is a reflection of the efforts we have devoted to improving our rate structure as well as the continued focus on minimizing delinquencies and bad debt. Our competitive natural gas sales and services business reported an operating loss of $6 million compared to operating income of $6 million last year. Adjusting for of the mark-to-market impact associated with the revenues this years operating income would have been $2 million compared to $3 million last year. While the second quarter is not typically a strong quarter for this unit, this year there was less market volatility and therefore fewer opportunities to optimize our transportation and storage assets. Without such opportunities, operating income will be primarily tied to margins from natural gas sales to commercial, industrial and wholesale customers. Finally, let me turn to our pipeline in field services segment. Our industry pipelines reported operating income of $67 million compared to $61 million last year. Our core business performed well with increased margins from Phase IV of our Carthage to Perryville line and reduced operating expense. However, all system sales declined due to a tightening of basis spreads across our system and ancillary revenues were also down. Our equity income from SESH, our joint venture with Spectra was $4 million for the second quarter of 2010 compared to $9 million last year which included $5 million related to a reduction in estimated property tax and a one-time fee received in connection with the construction of the pipeline. Our field services segment reported operating income of $31 million compared to $23 million in 2009. Substantially all of the increase was a result of the increased volumes associated with our new gathering systems in the Haynesville area and higher retained natural gas volumes and prices. Although production from the traditional basins was down significantly, overall gathering volumes increased from the daily average of 1.1 bcf in the second quarter of 2009 to 1.7 bcf this year, a 53% increase due to increased production in the Shale play. Natural gas prices received from the sales of retained gas were about $1 more than last year. Now, before I talk about our second quarter financing activity, I would like to share with you some good news that we received yesterday. Following the conclusion of its rating review, Moodys upgraded the ratings of Houston Electrics debt and assigned it a stable outlook. Houston Electrics senior secured ratings which are the ratings assigned to Houston Electrics mortgage bonds were upgraded to A3 from Baa1 and its senior unsecured initial ratings were upgrading to Baa2 from Baa3. Houston Electric was the only one of our companies that was on the ratings review at Moodys. The Moodys continues to have positive ratings outlook from the parent company and on (inaudible). We have worked very hard to strengthen our balance sheet and are gratified by this action. Turning to financing activity in the second quarter on June 9, we executed a $326 million equity offering consisting of 25.3 million shares following the announcement of our second set of field services agreement with Shale and Encana. As has been our practice for last several years, we have raised another $55 million year-to-date by issuing approximately 4.4 million shares through our Benefit and Investors Choice plans. The proceeds from the issuance of these shares are being used primarily to fund growth in our field services unit and to strengthen our balance sheet. We now estimate our 2010 capital budget to be approximately $1.4 billion with more than $550 million of that amount being invested in our field services business. As you know, over the last 18 months we have significantly improved our balance sheet through the issuance of the shares. In addition, we have reduced our debt level, improved our credit metrics and credit ratings and remained in a very strong liquidity position. Our overall business performance remains solid and we will continue to generate significant cash flow from operations. Therefore, absent a very significant new capital project, we feel we have the balance sheet strength and the financial flexibility to execute our business plan without any additional equity issuances other than the modest amount of new equities that we will continue to raise through our Benefit and Investors Choice plans. Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance. We are pleased with our overall business performance in the second quarter and this morning we reaffirmed our 2010 earnings guidance in the range of $1.2 to $1.12 per diluted share. This guidance reflects the earnings per share impact of the new shares we have issued this year and an estimate of the shares being issued in our Benefit and Investors Choice plan. In providing earnings guidance, we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. And as you know, we routinely exclude the effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting as they are timing related. Also we do not try to include any potential impact to income from our pending True-Up appeal, the change in the value of Time Warner stock and the related events securities or any mandated accounting changes that may occur during the year.  As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen:  Thank you Gary. With that we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time I will ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Tina would you please give the introduction on how to ask the questions.
Operator: At this time we will begin taking questions. (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Thank you, good morning everybody and David really appreciate that you added color on the midstream. Maybe I can start there and you know with the track record that you are putting in place getting Magnolia in the service little bit ahead of schedule, winning Olympia, how do we stand right now about the potential for exporting this franchise to other basins whether it is with Encana Shell or within maybe other players.
David McClanahan: Yeah we continue to talk to all of our customers including Shell and Encana about some of the basins that we would like to get into and Eagleford is probably one that gets the most attention but we are in discussions and we hope to be successful there but there's lot of competition for this business and hopefully we are demonstrating to our customers that we can do this well, meet their expectations and give them on time and that's our goal there. But I would say we are just in discussions now. We really have nothing to report at this time. But we are working hard on it.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay and then maybe then a follow-up just also on the pipeline side. Looking at least basis for Florida in July has widened out quite substantially. Is that having any benefit on to SESH right now and if I recall correctly there's some additional contract to be layered on to that come into service with SESH anyway maybe mid-2011 is that correct.
David McClanahan: Yeah we have about a 155 a day that's wasn't sold or it starts later but we've already sold that on an interim basis through October so we did that back in May. So we have no additional capacity that's on market there to my knowledge.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: So the interim is sold out for October and the final remaining contracts will come in service next year is that.
David McClanahan: Thats right and we still have about 80 a day that is installed on a long term basis. But we know some of these contracts kind of come in over time and what there's 75 that's coming in middle of next year on long term basis, we still have that 80 we need to sell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Rate case, just going over the numbers again $38 million for the smart meter, $40 million for the equity component to 50%. 11.25%, are we at $7 million for 25 basis points, I believe it was a 75 basis point increase.
David McClanahan: Well try to answer your question, well, repeat your question.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Well, basically to cut the conversation short, it looks like the amount of the rate increase you said you are requesting is $15 million but I'm looking at a number more like $21 million, does that mean that this other components are accounting for the difference.
David McClanahan: Now as you know we got an $18 million transmission case and a $76 million distribution case. I did mention that we think the $76 million is really more like $91 million and the $18 million, so you add those two together and you get what $109 million. A little bit of the transmission is embedded in our distribution, because our distribution customers pay for that. But lets just say that $105 million or so and what we are trying to do just give you the sensitivities, of that $105 million, $38 million is AMS. And we were required to reconcile our AMS investments and we move that into base rates. So that accounts for a part of it. $40 million accounts for the increase in the capital structure, of the equity components. Now, we firmly believe that the Commission at least some of the commissioners have indicated that they think we need a (thicker) equity component. And we believe that too and we asked for 50%. If we get 50% that has that $40 million effect, if we get 45%, well, take $20 million off of that. And then the ROE simply, we are giving sensitivities around that and you can guess kind of what the Commission might do there as well if we can. These are the big components but there were some other big components but they were offset by other things we did that reduced expenses. So net-net those are the big items and I think those are ones that our case is most sensitive to.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood, on the field service business NGL spreads have been going up and down like a yoyo and as of late its been strengthening obviously this doesnt necessary have a direct impact on CenterPoint but wondering if there are some sensitivities on the drilling front around movements in NGL and if you have seen the effects of that. So NGL pricing and if you see the effects of that and if you think there's overall abundance of NGLs coming down the line with over Shale drilling.
David McClanahan: Well, we have seen natural gas liquids prices higher this year than last year, there's no question about it. I think they have started to come down a little bit both in the second quarter from the first and we still see a little weakness there. Still not to the levels they were in 09. We've seen some and I will speak to our basins we've seen some traditional drilling this year. There's probably 65 or 70 well in our traditional basin that have been added to our systems thats more than last year. But Im not sure if that's whats driving that. Certainly the Eagleford area is hot because of all the liquids and the oil in that play. And I think a lot of producers are moving into that area for that very reason. But we still see a fare amount activity in the basins we are traditionally gathering.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay last question is it fair to say that third quarter got off to a pretty good start in July.
Gary Whitlock: We got good warm letter here in Houston so that bodes well for the electric business as you know and our other businesses are doing fine, and we are optimistic.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of from Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: I was just wondering how much we have the pension costs and the reduction in depreciation.
Gary Whitlock: I think pension was something like $26 million, amortization was $20 and the offset in depreciation was a little less than $40 million, like $38 million or $39 million.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Great and as far as number of small meters installed so far and how much do you expect to install next year and for the full year of 2010.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah weve got about a 1.5 million meters installed now our installation rate is about 80,000 per month. So by the end of this year well have a little less than a 1 million and then well install a close to a 1 million next year not quite. And then by probably, the mid-2012 we will be complete.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Right and just one quick one can you put some details on the joint ventures with (SPL).
Gary Whitlock: Yeah you know we don't, thats kind of in advance right now. Its not formally.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Okay I was not sure, yeah.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah we are still looking at that Haynesville area. If there's anything there. Now we think it's a smaller project that's really probably an expansion of our existing system which doesn't really kind of fit with the joint venture. But we are still talking with them and we are still watching the market. As you know we had an open season in Haynesville and we are still talking to customers that responded to that open season have made no decisions yet around that.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: But its looks like a smaller project.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah we dont see a big new bullet price in the near term from ours advantage point.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Paul Patterson -Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just really quickly I am sorry if I missed this, what was the ROE that you guys earned in last 12 months, the actual earned ROE and is the capital, is the capitalization ratio already up to 50%.
David McClanahan: I will take the last one first. Were about. We thought that about 46% which was our actual equity structure, we want to take that up to 50%. Our earned ROE was 11.13 for the last or for 2009 that's the latest number I have. But if you adjust that for whether, its about 9.8% on our actual cap structure which was 46% equity.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay great and then just finally you guys made some notable change in our growth rate for the time after you filed, what was it that caused it to move up the rating.
David McClanahan: We actually Paul havent officially filed it yet to our case. So we are going probably do that next week. Really in answering some interrogatories we looked at how we normalized certain rate classes and we concluded we think we have overstated the amount of revenues that our current rates will produce. That's still being studied pretty hard and so we havent filed it yet but we feel pretty confident that we've probably overstated it. Now it doesn't affect our request. You know what we are requesting is the same, it just affects the deficiency between what our current rates will produce versus what we requested. So its not uncommon to have a rate in these kind of cases.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Leon Duval with Catapult.
Leon Duval - Catapult: You guys held an open season for an expansion Carthage and Perryville, can you update us on how that went?
David McClanahan: We held the open seas and the open seas in (inaudible) we are now talking with the customers that responded to that open season but we have reached no conclusion yet around that. Other than we dont think there's a big bullet pipe, new bullet pipe that we would be a proud of but there could be some other things that come out of that but we are just, we are still talking I guess I would say.
Leon Duval - Catapult: Do you think we would have an answer by the end of the year?
David McClanahan: Well we will have an answer of some sort, yeah, I think we will.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust.
Ali Agha - SunTrust: Gary, can you remind us what was the weather impact in this quarter and what was the delta year-over-year from weather?
Gary Whitlock: There was no difference in weather between the second quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. They were both a little warmer than normal. I think if you look at it from a normalized basis we probably gained 19 million from weather but we gained the same amount in 09. So really very little difference between the years.
Ali Agha -SunTrust: And David also if you can sum up for us once your current projects on the field services side are completed, can you just remind us what total capacity will you then have at that time and what would be the mix between the new versus the old and how should we compare that to what the full year 2010 may end up looking like.
David McClanahan: Yeah let me try the impact of it one at a time. We currently have about, we are building 1.5 bcf of system capacity in the Haynesville and there's an additional expansion option that Shell Encana could elect on both those systems that could take that capacity to 2.8. So we got 1.5 committed and it could go to 2.8. If you look at where we were in our traditional basin, a year ago we were gathering 1.1 bcf a day so the Shale plays are going to quickly be the biggest part of our system and we have things from erosion in our traditional basin. So I expect that we are going to see the Shales overtake the conditional basins this year and then going forward we are going to have more and more of our revenues are going to be from these throughput guarantee contracts and rate of return guaranteed contracts. I havent done the mix but we try to give you a little flavor around so far this year we have got 158 bcf a year in total from traditional and a 126 from Shale plays. My guess is by the end of this year the Shale plays will catch up and surpass the traditional basins or be very close to.
Ali Agha -SunTrust: Last question also to clear up you talked about having the balance sheet now to meet the current needs, are there projects out there, potential projects, David or Gary that you may force you to reconsider perhaps raising more equity, sooner rather than later?
Gary Whitlock: No I dont think there's anything soon rather than later. Look as I have said he have strengthened our balance sheet. We can execute our business plan at least that the visible plan that we have in front of it. Certainly if there's a terrific new project, we will step back and look at our balance sheet to ensure that credit ratings are secure and then we can execute our business plan but I dont think there's anything in the foreseeable future or the near-term let's say that.
Operator: 
Tom ONeal with Green Arrow.:
Tom ONeal - Green Arrow: Just a quick question on the Houston rate case with the rate of filing, does that at all change the rest of the schedule, or are we still on track for being (inaudible) I mean next month?
David McClanahan: Scott what do you think about debt?
Scott Rozzell: We filed that on Monday. The parties will discuss it with us whether or not they think that thats the kind of things that would justify a change in the schedule. I can't predict that right now but right now we are working on the schedule that calls for a decision by the Commission towards year end.
Tom ONeal - Green Arrow: And then just a question on the equity layer, I know the Chairman of (inaudible) made some comments in an open meeting about the equity (layer) for the TDUs but has there been anything on the record from the other commissioners?
David McClanahan: Not that I recall. The comment that I recall is Chairman (inaudible).
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with CitiGroup. 
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: Gary I think or David you talked about the $7 million sort of deferred tax balance that has been credited to investors for the storm recovery cost. Is that $7 million a quarter, is that right?
David McClanahan: Its about $23 million a year. So there was about $6 million I think in the second quarter and a comparable amount in the first quarter. So that $23 million for the total year.
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: And that continues for this duration of this transition bond?
Gary Whitlock: Thats correct.
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: Okay.
David McClanahan: It actually declines.
Gary Whitlock:  It declines over time yeah.
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: It declines overtime?
Gary Whitlock: Yeah, and I think we have a schedule on that, I dont think we have provided, I mean its (inaudible) this is in the filings.
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: Okay got you. And then on the direct incremental 200 million cubic feet a day that Shale Encana exercise their option on is that recently or is that a new sort of announcement by you or is that something that we kind of expect it along with the additional 700 million cubic feet of day ramp up? 
David McClanahan: Greg Harper wants to answer that questions.
Greg Harper: The expansion was executed in April and we, that is 200 million of bcf potential expansion of the 700 million a day existing systems that we are building. And then on the Olympia system they have the option to expand it by 580 million a day.
Faisel Khan - CitiGroup: Okay, got you. And then, last question, on the, what are your plans going forward with the drip.
David McClanahan: As I said earlier, in terms of our benefit plans in our drip we've raised that 55 million, we really cant extrapolate that out because of the timing of those contributions. But think about 3 million shares for the balance of the year, its what you, the price will be determined at that point in time but think about additional 3 million shares coming from the combination of our Investors Choice plan and our Benefit plan.
Operator: Our next question will comes from the line of Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Just wanted to clarify the comment on future equity needs, is that, I know you have a five-year CapEx plan that was posted in your 10-K and there have been some I guess adjustment for some announcements made since the 10-Q was filed versus these expansion plans. With the comment of no new equity except the dividend reinvestment plan, does that relate to that five-year CapEx plan?
David McClanahan: Yes, it does.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, so we should assume for modeling purposes that a normal level of drip issuance to accommodate that CapEx, to the extent they were large growth projects layered on top of that that might require some equity but absent those projects is that going to change?
David McClanahan: Yeah, thats correct, I mean, at that point we would evaluate it if we have a project significantly above and beyond that, but as you know, Steve we, these businesses produce a lot of cash, we are able to, obviously retain earnings and we have debt capacity so we can execute our visible business plan.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay and I just cant recall what exactly is assumed in the five-year CapEx plan versus the expansion option on these contracts. So do that, if your partners elect to go forward with the expansion that you have just discussed on this call, do you think your internally generated funds and that issuance is going to accommodate those expansions?
Gary Whitlock:  Yeah, I think so. 
David McClanahan: Yeah, Greg you might, do we have the any expansion options in our five-year capital budgets.
Greg Harper: We've built in several expansion options being elected over the next five years, not the full escalations though.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Good afternoon. My questions actually are centered around equity issuances and equity offerings as well. With regard to the True-Up case, could you give us the sensitivity of what your plans would be if on both sides of the coin if you win or if you loose and what that could potentially mean for equity offerings?
Gary Whitlock: Well, first of all we will see how that plays out and again just to remind you Nathan through the extent there was to be some downside this is not a significant cash need, immediate cash, there will be some but its not immediate because the refunds will be over the remaining life securitization bond. So from that perspective, to the extent as I have said before justice is served and we do receive a significant amount of dollars then we have not determined at that point. Certainly thats going to allow us to fund growth in the future and certainly we would substitute for any need for equity to the extent we are able to execute on value creating growth in the future, above and beyond our current plan.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Are you managing to debt to equity ratio now or is there a targeted internal ratio that you are looking to achieve or is the current ratio appropriate for the future? 
Gary Whitlock: Well I think over time we are going to continue to improve the overall ratio. As you know we still do have some holding company debt, although we are repaying down and we are tying some debt in September. So over the long term and well I think probably 60-40 is probably is a better capital structure. But our utilities remain strong and that's our focus is doing financing going forward at the utilities. So we have overtime reduced the debt at the parent company and finance of the utilities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And just that the utility level to get from that 46% equity ratio that you had actual in the rate case filings to the 50%. Is there ability to take equity from the parent down to Houston Electric or how will that functionally be done.
Gary Whitlock: I think weve adjusted to a dividend.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay, and so just not paying dividends up to parent would want to get you up to the ratio quite quickly then.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah thats right.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And just, thank you very much for your patience but one last question with regard to the drip, you mentioned $3 million, should we just annualize that i.e. $6 million on an annual basis going forward.
Gary Whitlock: Well, I dont think you can think of it like that because its variable depending on the timing of the contributions and the matches in our benefit plans. So as I have said weve issued I think about 4.5 million shares year-to-date. You cant really double that. So that's not giving sort of an estimate of 3 million. Again that can vary, so think about 7.5 million shares for the full year. Thats an estimate.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: The 7.5 million in 2011 and there on that number.
Gary Whitlock: Well I think if you think 2011, again still some moving parts. But its I think you have think of that sort of number of shares yeah.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Yves Siegel with Credit Suisse
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: Well, thank you just two questions, one is on the option in the Haynesville to expand. Is there a timeframe that or an expiration on that option.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah, both contracts or all four contracts with our customer for Olympia and Magnolia are five year windows for those expansions to be elected and then after that we would negotiate expansions after that with them for the 15 years.
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: Do you have a sense of what kind of gas prices they need versus the drilling activity just to maintain leases versus trying to get a little bit more aggressive, what kind of gas prices they may need.
Gary Whitlock: You know Yves I have read, we can answer that by looking into our (inaudible) June slide presentation for the earnings call will give you a good idea of what gas prices they would like and when the drilling (inaudible) in that presentation.
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: And then thirdly and lastly, as it relates to the question I am trying to export your expertise in field services how do you folks think about potential acquisitions?
Gary Whitlock: We are looking at them the amount of time with our customers. And of course Shell and Encana is a derivative of an acquisition of their existing facilities there that they were building to test the production. So we are always looking at acquisitions with our footprint outside.
Yves Siegel - Credit Suisse: Okay, and this is my final thought and I am curious on how you may or may not respond to it. The questions, to all questions around the equity, if there was a big organic growth project and so am I reading too much into the fact that you didnt mention acquisition that maybe you are not warm on any or I mean how would you respond to that?
Gary Whitlock: I dont think, I dont read anything into that, I think if you think of an acquisition, you can think of that as a major or significant project whether it be organic or from an other source.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Senchak with Decade Capital.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: Hi, thanks sounds like your CapEx at the pipeline on some of these (inaudible) the SPL JV maybe not be as big as you thought, is this CapEx guidance that you guys kind of have up there. Did this include some of that stuff, does it need to come down a little bit. Or what should we be thinking as far as that.
David McClanahan: No, I didnt include any major, pipeline projects. It does include some estimates of some growth projects and some of those we deferred. We dont think we are going to execute on this year and they maybe pushed out into the future. But I think its still a fair representation of the future CapEx short of a big project.
Scott Senchak - Decade Capital: Okay great, and is there like a level of kind of base maintenance kind of CapEx there that we should think about or (inaudible)
David McClanahan: We've been doing that like $90 million or so, yeah I would say that as we look forward it ranges from $90 million to $75 million depending on the year. But thats kind of the maintenance capital.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our next question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst with BMO Capital: I appreciate the time, most of my follow ups are hit up, just one quick clarification CenterPoint Electric the rate that's being filed, the $15 million and I apologize, is this coming from Dave, did you say it was a customer class revenue recognition issue or from higher expense, I just want to make sure Im completely understanding this.
David McClanahan: Now Carl what we do when we prepare a case and this is part of the rules that you have to go by is you have to normalize your current revenues based on the year end number of customers and volume and in normalizing one class and its really the large commercial class we think we may have attributed too many revenues to the current rates, i.e. we overstated what the current rates will produce. That in effect is our request but does affect kind of how we look at the delta between current rates and what we requested. As I say were still looking at that, you know its $15 million or so, is our calculation. If we get comfortable with that we will file the (rata) early next week and we feel pretty strongly that we probably overstated it and I wouldnt mention it and I just didn't want you guys to be and frankly we didn't something here two or three days in advance of having to follow it. But that's what it is, its simply we have to normalize revenues and in normalizing we think we overstated the current rates.
Operator:  Our next question is from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: My question was asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator:   And our next question will come from Daniele Seitz the Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: I was just wondering if you could clarify what the Texas Commission is running over, if its a system of (inaudible) which would allow companies not to file assignment basically to cover some specific costs.
Scott Rozzell: Daniel its Scott, the Commission has prepared a rule-making a proposed rule-making that would provide for a periodic adjustment and distribution right. The proposal that the Commission issued centered around a periodic adjustment to reflect capital investment whereas in our rate case we had asked for an adjustment that took into account not only capital but operating expenses as well. Were in the early stages of the comment process on that rule making as you probably know the Commission issues a proposal, people comment on it, the Commission then may choose to revise their proposal, its been published further and then at some point adopted in final form. This may take some twists and turns before we see what the Commission finally wants to do with it. But we will urge them and the rule-making proceeding to expand the adjustment mechanism to include (mentors) and there are other parties who will have different ideas about how the Commission should do it. But I think what's driving this is just a recognition on the part of the Commission that the process for setting rights in Texas could stand to be modernized a little bit.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Great and you anticipate the finalization of (inaudible) to come largely by your hand.
Scott Rozzell: Well, I think thats a good guess, rule-making again doesnt have fixed schedule upon which it has to play out, a lot of it depends on how quickly the parties end or the Commission can come to consistent on what ought to be done here. I would say that thats a good guess of how long it might take, but I wouldnt be surprised if they play that a little longer than that.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay I think thats about all the time we have left. So thank you very much to everyone. I would like to thank you very much for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the CenterPoint Energys second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-26 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of IR David McClanahan - President & CEO  Gary Whitlock - EVP & CFO 
Analysts:  Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research Vedula Murti - CDP Lasan Johong - RBC Capital markets Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs Debra Bromberg - Jefferies and Company  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks all participants will be in a listen only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much Tina. Good morning everyone, this is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I would like to welcome you to the fourth quarter and full year 2009, earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2009 results and will also provide highlights on other key activity.  In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-K filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the investors section. This quarter we have created supplemental materials which are also posted under the investor section of our website. These materials are for informational purposes and we will not be referring to them during prepared remarks. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6 p.m. central time through Friday, March 5, 2010.  To access the replay please call 1800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference id number 498-30541. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year and with that I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan. 
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning ladies and gentlemen, thanks for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. In view of the weak economy and some very challenging energy markets I believe our company performed pretty well in 2009. That took hard work and dedication on the part of our employees and I would like to begin by acknowledging their accomplishments. We improved the efficiency and the effectiveness of our operations, strengthen business relationships, capture new business opportunities and continue to strengthen our balance sheet, improving our overall financial flexibility and strength.  As a result of these collective efforts, I believe the company is well positioned to face the uncertainties in the economy and the energy markets and emerged even stronger. This morning I will discuss our 2009 financial results as well as the described plans and prospects for each our business units as we head in 2010. Let me begin with an overview of our fourth quarter 2009 results. This morning we reported net income of $105 million for the fourth quarter or $0.27 per diluted share, this compares to net income of $87 million or $0.25 per diluted share for the same period of 2008. Operating income from the fourth quarter of 2009 was $299 million compared to $303 million for the same period of 2008. Our regulated electric and Natural Gas Distribution utilities achieved solid results this quarter. Houston Electric's operating income increased $6 million primarily due to customer growth, higher transmission related revenues and earnings related to our advanced metering investment partially offset by reduced energy demand and higher labor cost. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment reported the $3 million increase in operating income primarily from rate increases and lower bad debt expense partially offset by an $11 million increase in pension expense. The energy markets had a greater effect on our other business units our Interstate Pipeline and Field Services segment were each down $4 million, our pipelines were impacted by reduced ancillary revenues primarily as a result of lower offsets in sales. Field Services revenues were down as natural gas and liquids prices we received dropped from 2008 levels. Due to reduced basis differentials, operating income and our energy services business declined by $5 million. Overall, however, this was a solid quarter which again demonstrates the benefit of our balanced portfolio. Let me now turn to our full year 2009 performance. Our reported net income for 2009 was $372 million or $1.01 per diluted share compared to $446 million or $1.30 per diluted share for 2008. Operating income was $1,124 million in 2009 compared to 1,273 million in 2008. While operating and net income were down from what was a banner year in 2008 I believe that there is much about 2009 to make us optimistic about the future.  Let me give you a little more detail regarding the full year performance of each of our business segments. Our regulated transmission and distribution utility Houston Electric reported operating income of $414 million compared to $407 million for 2008, this increase was primarily the result of higher transmission related revenue customer growth and income from our investment in advanced metering system offset in part by reduced energy demand and higher operating expenses. Operating income for 2008 was negatively impacted about $7 million as a result of hurricane Ike but included a gain of $9 million for a land sale and $5 million from a state franchise tax refund. If 2008 were adjusted for these items, and 2009 operating income would have been up $14 million or approximately 3.5% it is worth noting that even in a weak economy we added over 29000 customers in 2009, a growth rate of almost 1.5%. As we have discussed in the past Houston Electric is progressing well and implementing our advanced metering system. During 2009 we installed over 150,000 smart meters along with the supporting communications equipment and information system. We are currently in negotiations with the Department of Energy for $200 million in federal stimulus funds composed of $150 million to accelerate the implementation of our advanced metering system and $50 million to support our intelligent grid initiative. Assuming that the project is funded in accordance with our application we will accelerate our AMS deployment to substantially complete the project in 2012 rather than 2014 as originally planned. Because the DOE requires matching expenditures there will be some acceleration of company funding but we don't expect it to be material to either cash flow or earnings. Finally in our stranded cost true-up appeal, the Texas Supreme Court heard oral arguments last October. All briefs have been submitted and we are now awaiting the court's decision. There is no statutory deadline for the court to act but we anticipate a decision sometime this year. Now let me turn to our Natural Gas Distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $204 million compared to $215 million in 2008. Operating income benefited from rate increases totaling $36 million and lower bad debt expense of $15 million. Offsetting these benefits were increased pension expense of $37 million, higher operating expenses primarily employee related cost and higher depreciation in taxes. This business unit has worked diligently on reducing customer delinquencies and bad debt expense. And I am pleased to say that we saw the benefit of that effort in 2009. Unfortunately, unlike our electric utility our natural gas utilities cannot defer pension expense increases had it not been for these increases this business unit would have had an outstanding year.  Over the last several years, our natural gas utilities have been focused on obtaining necessary rate increases and improving rate design. Last July, we filed two gas rate cases. In our Houston service territory which now covers 30 cities serving nearly 1 million metered customers, we requested a revenue increase of a little over $20 million. Earlier this week, the Texas Railroad Commission authorized a $5 million base rate increase, recovery over three years of $2.6 million of Hurricane Ike related cost and lower depreciation rates than requested. We are disappointed in a number of aspects of this decision, and we will have to evaluate when another case will be necessary. In Mississippi, we filed a $6.2 million rate increase request. We subsequently reached an agreement with the commission that allows us to retain the benefits from an asset management agreement and we are able to withdraw this request for rate relief. In our Minnesota rate case which we filed with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission in November 2008, we asked to increase rates by $60 million and to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. In January of 2009, we implemented a $51 million interim rate increase. In January of this year, the Minnesota Commission approved a $41 million increase in a three year decoupling pilot. With this decision, we now have decoupled cost recovery from the volume of gas consumed for approximately one half of our 3.2 million customers. Our competitive natural gas sales and services business reported operating income of $21 million for 2009, compared to $62 million for 2008. We recorded mark-to-market charges of $23 million in 2009, compared to gains of $13 million in 2008. As you know these mark-to-market impacts are associated with derivatives we used to lock in economic gains. In addition, in 2009 we recorded a $6 million write down of inventory to lower our average cost on market, compared to a $30 million inventory write down in 2008. Excluding these items, our energy services business would have reported $50 million for 2009, compared to $79 million for 2008. This decline was principally the result of reduced wholesale opportunities, because of significantly tighter locational price differentials and an absence of summer storage spreads. However, our retail sales were stable in 2009 and we added nearly 1,400 customers to our total customer base. Now let me turn to our Interstate Pipelines unit. Interstate Pipelines recorded operating income of $256 million for 2009, compared to $293 million for 2008. 2008 included a net gain of $11 million, associated with the sale of two stores development projects, offset by a write down of pipeline assets removed from service. Adjusting for these two items, operating income decreased approximately $26 million. Our core business continues to perform well; building on its strong fee based foundation, with increased margins from our Carthage to Perryville pipeline, as well as increased revenues related to two new firms or to several new firm contracts to serve power generation facilities on our system. Our fee based margin grew by 9%, but this growth was more then offset by reduced ancillary services as well as incremental operating cost associated with new facilities and increased pension expense. Our equity income from ongoing operations from the Southeast Supply Header or SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $23 million for the year. However, this income was partially offset by $16 million non-cash charge to reflect SESH's discontinued use of regulatory accounting. In 2008, equity income was $36 million, primarily from allowance for funds used during construction. Last March, our Interstate Pipelines group signed an agreement with Chesapeake to take 80% of the capacity on the phase 4 expansion of our Carthage to Perryville pipeline. We completed these facilities and began the contract to service at the beginning of this month, two months ahead of schedule. Last November, we signed a joint development agreement with a subsidiary of FPL Group to explore constructing a new pipe in North Louisiana, primarily focused on moving natural gas from the Haynesville Shale area. We are currently in discussions with possible shippers to assess the size, timing and scope of a potential new pipeline.  Now let me turn to our Field Services segment, we reported operating income of 94 million for 2009, compared to a 147 million for 2008. Operating income for 2008 include gains of 17 million associated with the sale of non-strategic assets and the settlement of a contractual dispute. The remaining 36 million decrease in operating income, was primarily the result of significantly lower natural gas and natural gas liquids prices in 2009. Field Services achieved a 23% increase in core gathering margins, primarily associated with the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford Shales. These new volumes more than offset the reduced gathering in our traditional natural gas basins, resulting from the significant decline in drilling activity in those basins. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $8 million from our jointly owned natural gas processing facilities, compared to $15 million for the previous year. Again the decline was primarily due to lower liquids prices. Last September we signed long term agreements with subsidiaries of Shell and EnCana to provide gathering and creating services for their growing Haynesville shale natural gas production. We acquired facilities that are gathering and creating production of over 100 million cubic feet per day and are expanding need facilities to gather and treat up to 700 million cubic feet per day we are well under way having completed several significant milestones. Overall investment in this project is expected to be around $325 million. In 2009 we invested more than a $175 million in acquiring and expanding the facilities and expect to spend approximately $80 million this year. The agreements with Sale and EnCana have minimum volume commitments and provide us exclusive rights to gather and create their natural gas production in designated Haynesville acreage. As part of the agreement EnCana & Shell can commit to additional volumes and if they do we will further expand the facilities together and treat up to an additional 1 billion cubic feet per day at a capital cost of up to an additional $300 million. This expansion can be requested in increments by 100 million cubic feet per day to coincide with increases in their Haynesville production. Most of our contracts in the Shell production areas include acreage dedications, volume commitments and our guaranteed written contracts. We are also beginning to see a resumption of drilling activity in our traditional gathering footprint although drilling levels there remain well below 2008 levels. Taking into account the performance of all of our business units under demanding conditions I believe the company had a very solid year. Moreover I believe we are well positioned as the economy improves and energy markets rebound and that our overall financial results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas assets. Now let me turn to our outlook for 2010. We believe that the combination of the stability provided by regulated electric and natural gas utilities and the high level of activity in a number of producing areas served by our pipeline and Field Services segments should allow us to achieve solid performance across our various business units in 2010. We expect Houston Electric to continue to perform well, however operating income will be reduced by $24 million to account for the effect of differed taxes associated with Hurricane Ike. This differed tax effect will decline each year, but will last for the 13 year duration of the storm cost recovery bonds. We anticipate that our customer base will grow at a pace comparable to the level experienced in 2009. In addition, we expect to file a transmission rate case this fall to reflect increased transmission investments and recover the remaining $20 million of Hurricane Ike related restoration costs associated with our transmission system. Under the terms of a 2006 settlement, at close [ph] rates through June of this year, we are required to file a rate case unless the PUC staff and interveners suspend such requirement based on an earnings monitoring report we will file with the PUC next week. We are currently assessing whether or not we will file a rate case even if we are not required to do so. Capital requirements for our electric business are budgeted at $560 million, including approximately $167 million related to our advanced meter deployment.  Our Natural Gas Distribution utility should continue to see the benefits from rate increases and rate decoupling as well as ongoing expense control measures. We expect to see residential customer growth similar to the levels we experienced in 2009 and some additional benefits associated with the asset managements agreement entered into this past year. Our capital plan for 2010 are $210 million reflecting an increase in capital spending from 2009 levels primarily persistent in public improvements.  Our Interstate Pipeline will realize the benefits of the Carthage to Perryville Phase IV pipeline expansion project which went into service in February. We believe we are well positioned to capture ancillary revenues when market dynamics and commodity prices rebound. We are pleased with the additional fee based contracts added in 2009 which will provide further stability to earnings. We continue to see a very high level of drilling in the shale areas particularly the Haynesville, Woodford and Fayetteville Shales. This is driving opportunities for both our pipelines and field services. Increased gathering volumes from the Haynesville and Fayetteville Shale areas are expected in 2010 and as a result of the contracts entered into in late 2008 and in 2009; we expect our Field Services results to improve this year. Current natural gas and natural gas liquid's prices are also running at or above prior to as we experienced in 2009.  Our pipelines capital budget will be approximately $171 million or about the same as 2009. Our capital budget for Field Services is $226 million for 2010. We spend about $350 million in 2009, which was a record for this business unit, and reflected significant investments in the Shale areas. Gary will provide our overall earnings guidance for 2010 in his remarks. In closing I would like to remind you of the $0.195 [ph] per share quarterly dividend declared by our board of directors on January 21. This is a 2.6% increase over the dividend we paid in 2009 and the fifth consecutive years that we have raised our dividend. We believe our actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our share holders and the confidence the board of directors have in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you David and good morning to everyone. Today I'd like to discuss a few items with you. As David mentioned 2009 was a very challenging year for the overall economy and for energy markets in particular. In addition to these challenges, we began the year with a number of significant concerns about the overall strengths of the capital and bank markets following a very difficult second half of 2008. Despite of these challenges our businesses perform well which again highlights the benefits of our balance portfolio and delivering stable earnings and cash flow. We are also pleased with the steps we took during the year to significantly improve our balance sheet, enhanced our credit metrics and expand our available liquidity in order to ensure that we maintain the financial flexibility to effectively execute our business plan. Let me discuss some specific improvements excluding securitization debt we reduced our corporate debt from $8.1 billion at year end 2008, $7 billion at year end 2009 while funding a capital program of approximately $1.1 billion. Our debt to total capitalization improved from approximately 80% to approximately 73% at year end 2009. We ended the year with net debt of $6.4 billion a reduction of over $1.6 billion from 2008 which includes $589 million of available cash. Subsequent to year-end, we continue to pay down debt to reduce the negative carry associated with our significant cash balance. We redeemed approximately $45 million of 6% convertible subordinated debentures due in 2012. In addition, we've repurchased three series of (inaudible) secured pollution control bonds totaling $290 million of 101% of their principle amount. Let me point out that we have ability to remarket these pollution control bonds in future is beneficial. We also executed a number of financing as well as operational improvements to enhance our strong liquidity position. As you know we have had and will continue to have a relatively large capital budget which includes franchise required capital in our regulated operations combined with a number of very attractive projects particularly in our Field Services segment where producer activity remains strong especially in the shale production areas. To ensure that we maintain the financial flexibility to effectively execute our business plan, we raised approximately 504 million of additional equity due to sale of approximately 46 million shares of common stock last year, of this amount $280 million came from an underwritten equity offering in conjunction with the announcement of our Field Services business signing excellent long-term agreement within EnCana and Shell to expand gathering and treating facilities in the Hayneville shale. The remaining equity was raised to the sale of stock and continuous offering program and the issuance for stock your saving plan and dividend reinvestment plan. In November, Houston Electric recovered its distribution related storm calls associated with hurricane Ike to the issuance of approximately $665 million and storm restoration bonds. These bonds were issued at very favorable interest rates and we will provide significant savings to consumers over the next 13 years compared to traditional cost recovery methods. Just as important the legislation of authorized these bonds also gave the PUC ongoing authority to allow utilities to recover costs associated with future hurricanes and other natural disasters through securitization financing. In August, SESH secured permanent financing through the issuance of $375 million of senior notes with CERC receiving a construction loan repayment of $186 million. In addition to the sources of cash from financing, we continue to manage our working capital requirements very efficiently. Our Natural Gas Distribution business entered into a number of asset management agreements that reduced our working capital requirements and optimized the operations of our transportation and storage capacity. These agreements benefit our customers through regulatory approved sharing arrangement. We also benefited from the continuation of bonus depreciation in 2009 and our hopeful legislation will be enacted to continue it in 2010. With the improvements we have put in place in 2009 the absolute level of our working capital needs has decreased. Now let me touch on liquidity. In October, CERC extended its receivables facilities for another year for the size of the facility ranging from $150 million to $375 million consistent with the seasonal changes and receivables balances. In February of this year we amended the financial covenant at our $1.2 billion bank credit facility to permit approximately $800 million of additional debt in the event we were to have another storm in our service territory with acquiring us to incur a significant cost to restore power to our customers. This is similar to the amendment that we obtained after hurricane Ike struck our service territory but instead of having to wait to see covenant relief after the fact we now have an agreement with our banks that the covenant will automatically adjust should another major storm strike our service territory. We were very pleased to have had the support of 100% of our bank group on this amendment. We ended 2009 with $589 million of available cash and no significant borrowing under any of our credit facilities. Our improved liquidity significantly lower leverage and improved cash flow metrics better position us to continue the effective execution of our business plan in 2010. Now let me turn to my final topic our 2010 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release we announced 2010 earnings guidance in the range of $1.2 to a $1.12 for diluted shares. However, as you compare our 2010 earnings guidance to our prior result I would like to highlight a few items. First, our business unit's financial performance will improve as the combination of the earnings stability provided by a regulated operation and the high level of activity in a number of gas producing areas where our pipeline and Field Services businesses have made significant and capital investments will allow us to achieve improved operating income in 2010. Second, we expect to benefit in 2010 from reduced net interest expense. Third, we expect our tax rate return to a more normal level in 2010 of approximately 37.5% compared to 2009 tax rate of 32%. And then fourth, as I mentioned earlier, we raised equity last year to support our value growth initiatives and we ended 2009 with approximately 392 million shares outstanding. Finally, as you know in providing guidance we have routinely excluded the effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting as they are timing related and we do not try to predict the potential impact to income from our pending True-Up appeal, the change in the value of Time Warner stocks and the related ZENS securities or any mandated accounting changes that may occur during the year. As the year progresses we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Now I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen:  Thank you, Gary. With that we will now open the call for questions and in the interest of time I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will begin taking questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: If I could actually start on the pipeline side, I just wonder to get a little bit better since of the drivers behind the lower all system sales, as that was a reflection of bases. Trying to get a sense of what was behind that and then in general for 2009, what was coming from ancillary services and parking loan and how do you expect that to contrast in 2010?
David McClanahan:  Yeah, Carl. Let me give you on the first point offset in sales driven by two factors one was basis was much tighter across the year than in '08 and that was a big piece of it, but we are also running our pipeline at a much higher capacity factor not a lot of excess capacity that we can sell on a daily firm or an interruptible basis and that clearly have its impact as well. So I think those two items are the biggest driver for offsets in sales.  The other piece in ancillary services we have PAL [ph] service, we have system balancing, we have system management, we have processing all of those kind of move around depending on really the some is on the behavior of our customers and then some is just on where gas is moving in from, but I would say processing because of the drop in liquids was a fairly significant piece of the drop in 2009 compared to 2008.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: And then just with respect to outlook in 2010, as far as how you expect those buckets to be moving around. Have we very much based out on those dynamics? Are we looking at obviously higher commodity prices, but I guess to the extent that basis differentials are probably going to remain tight here and you guys are running at high utilization, that may be an element that doesn't come back? 
David McClanahan: Yeah I think that's right it's hard to estimate ancillary services as you know because it's really based on market dynamics. We saw a very steep decline from '08 to '09 for the reasons that I think we are all aware of what happen in the energy market. I think the steepest decline is behind us, but we can still see some movement both up and down. I think off system sales, because gist of the formats of our pipeline it'll be a little hard to see a rebound there, but we could see a little bit more of the other services than we saw in '09 it's just really hard to predict. The good news is our core business, our feed based business which is as you know demand based and not volume based its solid and it'll be even increasing over 2009 levels with the phase 4 of Carthage to Perryville and some other projects that we put in service. So, I think the overall business is very well positioned, ancillary services will drive whether or not you get a big increase over '09
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great and just a very quick follow-up. David, you mentioned you're still assessing whether or not you guys might be filing a rate case on HL&P in 2010? Does that mean we should assume the expectation of the ROE for HL&P this year is basically in that 10% range?
David McClanahan: You know we had a pretty good year at Houston Electric, HL&P is an old term there, Carl, but we did get on a unadjusted basis we are probably at pretty close to 11% ROE on a weather adjusted basis we are probably close to 10% ROE and then depending on what where your capitalization is we believe, we are ahead of about 45% equity level in the business and not a 40% equity level, but we are pretty close to earning our authorized rate of return on a weather adjusted basis, but there are some things that we are not recovering for example, we are deferring these pension costs, they are very significant even if we don't get an earnings uplift, we certainly would get the cash flow and start covering this pension expansion rates. So lots of things we have to think about there before we make that decision. BC [ph] staff and the interveners can require us to go in and file in June of this year, based on December 31, 2009 test year, we filed that report on Monday and so that'll take a few weeks I am sure to look at it and than we'll start talking with them but we are earning pretty close may be a little bit less than we think the real return is. I mean I think the commissions looking at 10.5% ROE in that range and I think on a weather adjusted basis we are earning less than that.
Operator: Our next question will comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: You had a lot of headwinds in 2009, $37 million of pension headwind in the gas utilities, you've got $55 million on the commodities side, the field Services business and as Carl was pointing out, the $32 million ancillary sort of a headwinds you had and $29 million in lower cost to market and kind of mark-to-market adjustments in '09. I'm just trying to figure out, for your 2010 guidance, what do you assume about any of these things kind of coming back or if at all turning the other way?
David McClanahan: Let's take commodity prices we went from $1.50 on liquids to $0.80 and in '09. We went from probably $7 in '08 to half of that in '09. Prices today are running ahead of those, but you know it's hard to predict exactly where that's going to go we know that it's going to depend in part on demand for gas and how fast this economy comes back, but certainly gas prices today are in that $5 range, so they are a little above '09. We are not predicting big increases in commodity prices in our forecast, we have some slight increases especially on liquids prices, but I'll also probably need to remind you that in '09 we did fix some natural gas prices in advance of the year, so we got some gas sold at $5 give or take a few pennies, which is about where the price is today, so we are predicting a little uptick in liquids prices may be a little bit in natural gas but not much. In terms of ancillary services I think we address that and when I talk to Carl we could see some bounce back, but we are not counting on a lot of bounce back there in our earnings guidance and there is just not anything we can do with this pension increase until we get our gas rates to fully refract these increases and I don't yet we do have a little bit in the Minnesota rates and I don't think that the recent decision we got for Houston really reflects the level of expense we are incurring there they use some averaging that really didn't reflect the actual expense we are incurring.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And the level of earnings for the competitive natural gas business for 2010, are you expecting that to roughly be the same for '09?
David McClanahan: I think that '09 was a little unusual if you adjust all those figures out where you know it is probably in the $40 to $50 million level on a normalized basis if you take out mark-to-market and inventory write downs. It's really a wholesale issue; our retail business I think is really doing well. We had strong results in '09 in the phase of a weak economy where we were able to maintain our retail sales there I don't know margins there.  But basis, differentials and storage spreads are weak and it's all going to depend on where they go, we have assumed a little bit of rebound, but not a huge rebound. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, fair enough and then on the commodity price side is it fair to say that you have got a fairly alluded expectation for NGL prices for this year pretty similar to last year to some degree?
David McClanahan: That's exactly what we are doing Faisel. It may be a few pennies above what we realize but we are not projecting a big increase there?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson. 
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson: Wanted to check and David just be clear on when you are talking about the ROEs at Houston Electric, where you saying those numbers based on a 40% equity ratio or the 45% that you think is appropriate?
David McClanahan: That's based on actual capital structure, that's what we have to file on at when we file this earnings March during report which it's probably closer to 45 than it is 40. 
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson: Okay and is the authorization at 40?
David McClanahan: The rates that we have in place today were based on a 40% equity, 60% debt with an 11.25% ROE, let me back up a minute I think I am mistaken the ROEs that I noted were based on a 40% equity level.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson: They were all 40% okay.
David McClanahan: I want to double check that because I had recalled that differently but.
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson: Okay, and then one other question, David. As you were pointing out, your results in the segment should be improving '10 over '09, but if you look at the businesses right now in terms of the capital you've invested and the returns you are getting, how would you rank them in terms of the returns being commensurate with the capital invested?
David McClanahan: Which businesses Ali?
Ali Agha - SunTrust Robinson: Well I'm just thinking across the four or five segments you operate in and I'm just looking across-the-board.
David McClanahan: Let me kind of take each one of them I think if you look at the results of our regulated utilities Houston Electric is doing just fine, we've made lots of improvements in our gas LDCs but we are still not earning in a double level, it's a hard single digit and we continue to improve that certainly from what it was a few years ago. So I would say that that one still work in progress, but much better than it was in the past. Our field services investments we feel very good about and very attractive and we believe in fact we are getting a compensatory return and we are creating substantial shareholder value there. Our pipelines is pretty much a regulated, solid regulated return in the pipeline side, you are talking about 12% - 13% ROEs and I think we have been achieving that except for one exception which is SESH and this cost a lot more then we thought. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital. 
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: It wasn't clear from the comments earlier whether you were assuming increased GAAP pension expense in 2010 earnings guidance versus the realized amount in 2009.
David McClanahan: No, its going to be about the same level it could be a tad lower just because our pension assets are a little better than we had experienced at the end of '08. So I think, we are going to see a little bit improvement in pension expense there.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, and I guess the point is that you are still not recovering this amount in your rates, so there is some upside in '011 to the extent you can recover this level of cost in your rates?
David McClanahan:
 :
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, and then, I appreciate -- you commented on this already, but I just want to make sure I understand. With respect to Field Services and the pipeline segments, maybe we could address each separately. When you think about the commodity headwinds that impacted your realized margins in 2009 versus 2008, it sounds like you are expecting a small improvement in both those sequentially in '10 versus '09. Is that correct?
David McClanahan: You know I think we'll have a little, I mean we are not predicting a big increase related to commodity price uptick, there'll a little bit and I think, I think you can think of 2009 more of a base year. 2008 was just a year where energy prices were much higher than we've experienced in a long, long time. We were fortunate. We took advantage of it. Our shareholders got the benefit of it but that's not something we predict that's going to occur each and every year, so when we think about these businesses we think of '09 as kind of the base year in the way the base year thinking and we think there could be some upside there if energy prices firm up, but we are not predicating a huge amount and I would say that on the pipeline side they are a little bit sensitive to price, but its more sensitive to basis and things of that nature and not just price.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So, if prices for NGLs and gas and base differentials were to kind of stay around where they are, at least relative to where the forward curves are now, if that were just to kind of stay relatively constant throughout the year, is it fair to say you would not be experiencing negative year-over-year comparisons on your margin lines as we roll through the quarters?
David McClanahan: I think that's fair. It doesn't quite translate the same way in the pipeline certainly in field services, but I think that's a fair generalization.
Operator: Our next question will comes from the line of Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Thank you. I was wondering is there a way of isolating the earnings that you are getting from the smart meters investment since I believe it is the rider. Or is it not possible?
David McClanahan: Let me kind of give you a its in kind of $10 to $12 million range, that's the revenues less expenses. You know this is kind of a -- we true this up and we don't earn more than our authorized return, so it is in that level what drops to them, to the operating income line.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Okay, great. And in terms of the back to those pipeline and Field Services areas, you do have an expansion of the base in the pipeline areas, so that is a reason for upside, correct?
David McClanahan:  Yes we do have Phase 4 of Carthage to Perryville that went into service at the beginning of this month and so we'll get the benefit of that and we had some contracts that weren't in effect the full year of '09, so we'll get the benefit of that in 2010 as well. And of course we continue to look for other opportunities but most of those if they are [ph] significant, they will take a few months to get in place. The other thing Danielle is we have the Shell EnCana projects. Certainly, we are investing a lot of money, we expect those volumes to ramp up kind of throughout the year '10 and we also had some projects in the Fayetteville and Woodford area and we think we are going to see some ramp up in those areas. As drilling picks back up they were -- in the Fayetteville area we saw some slight reduction in drilling in the fourth quarter really related to pipeline capacity coming out of that area, there was some shut in pipes and some rigs left the area, we expect those to come back and we -- and as they do, we expect volumes to pick up form those areas as well. 
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Do you have a sense, I mean just a hint as to what type of increase you're looking at, something sizable?
David McClanahan: We feel pretty good about where field service is headed, I'd be hesitant to predict exactly. We had an increase of 23% in core margins in '09 over '08 and I think we can see a double digit increase there, can't really say exactly how much but yeah we think that we ought to get some good increases in field services if the drilling continues.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Vedula Murti with CDP.
Vedula Murti - CDP: Okay, I'm wondering, in terms of we take a look forward here in '10 in particular given the large equity issuances that you had during the year of '09 aside from maybe dividend reinvestment, fairly modest level. Should we really be expecting anymore incremental equity or are there some projects that you are looking at similar to EnCana Shell that might be possible that would require some funding.
Gary Whitlock:  No, in terms of -- last year we raised a significant amount of the equity. This year, we are going to continue our benefit programs and thats what you look in terms of a share account increase at about the same level as last year on these benefit programs. In terms of any additional equity, it would really only be related if we had these very -- had the good fortune of having a very significant, very accretive project and maybe I'll just make a point about this. Our cash flow from operations in 2010, plus if you recall, I mentioned we had a significant amounting cash on hand plus this fairly minimal equity we raised sort of routinely through our benefit programs will certainly fund our CapEx program, our dividends and including this maturing debt, the $200 million maturing debt. So we feel really good about our financial position in 2010 to execute our business plan.
Vedula Murti - CDP:   Okay. And probably a follow-up on Faisel's question. There were other several items you mentioned, but can you kind of just frame it in aggregate right now kind of what you think is the earnings opportunity from fixing pensions and some of the other issues that the gas LDCs, et cetera, what type of a potential net income delta that we have and opportunity to work up over a period of time?
David McClanahan:   Well, its kind of hard to just look at expense numbers, if you look at where we are earning at the gas LDCs, Id say that, lets just call it 9% or so. We've got a rate base of well over $2 billion or about $2 billion. And assuming about -- in most cases we have 45%, 50% equity levels, you can back in to how -- what it takes to get to full rate of return whether its10.5 or whatever you are assuming. So there is some nice upside there and then you have -- and part of that, the reason we are not earning our rate of return is because of the pension, it's a big part. If would have been earning or recovering our pension expense, my expectation is we'd have earned our regulated rate of return. So that's an upside down the road. It takes time to get those in. We talked about Houston Electric and we've got some sizable investments ahead of us in Field Services but we spent $350 million, 80% of which was for growth projects, if not more. So those projects are going to pay off for us in the long run. Over the next 10 years, we are going to get the benefit of all those investment, and we will continue to make investments. We have got $225 million or so capital budget for Field Services this year and there could be more if Shell EnCana decides to exercise their option to expand our facilities to get more production out. 
Vedula Murti - CDP: So it sounds like to me that if we think about 2010 versus 2009 and then kind of going forward a little bit that in terms of the earnings per share improvement over time that we may have a chance to see maybe something more above trend line in the next couple years as you make up some of these shortfalls as well as the incremental capital investment. So would that be fair to think that after 2010, assuming that we have a somewhat reasonable economy, that for a short period of time you can be above trendline as these things work?
David McClanahan: Yeah I don't think that's an unreasonable assumption. its hard to know what the trend line is and it takes time for, to get all our rates right in our regulated utilities, but I am very optimistic on our Field Services side, I think we have some opportunities to improve earnings on our regulated utility and we are not earning our full return today in some of those utilities, so I think there is some upside there, yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital markets: For some reason I got cut off after a while, so I might have missed a couple things. But I was wondering if you could tell me what's involved in the asset management business for Minnesota.
David McClanahan: We didn't do any asset management agreements in Minnesota. We've done these really in Arkansas, Mississippi, Oklahoma and Louisiana. This is where we basically, somebody else manages the storage and pipeline capacity, basically provides us gas. And to the extent they are able to optimize those assets above what the regulated utility would do, because that's not in the business that we are in, we share in their profits. So it's that kind of arrangement. It's becoming more and more common across all gas LDCs and we've done it for a number of our jurisdictions but not all of them.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital markets: I see. Do you see acceleration in drilling in areas where there's more liquids, or is it just straight across-the-board liquids or no liquids? Do you see a lot more drilling everywhere or just confined to liquids rich areas? 
David McClanahan: No, I would say that if you looked at '09, it was in the shale areas, shale areas that Haynesville, Fayetteville, Woodford, they don't have a lot of liquids so its not a liquids play there. Our traditional basins, yes, there's lots of liquids but we saw drilling really fall off in '09. Now we have seen an uptick in drilling in our traditional basins and that could bode well for us but the majority of the wells that are being drilled are in the shale areas and you don't have a lot of liquids out of those.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital markets: And are you seeing a lot of competition for Field Services and pipes or gathering business in the Haynesville?
David McClanahan:  Yes, there is plenty of people that are involved in that area and are competing along with us for the same opportunities we see there, so yes there is lots of competition there. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  And do you see any opportunities in the Eagleford?
David McClanahan: We haven't been involved in the Eagleford with out Field Services business. We own capacity, whole capacity on both NGPL and Kinder Morgan and we certainly are involved in talking with players in that areas, but we haven't been involved from a gathering or treating standpoint. 
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Do you plan to, or do you want to?
David McClanahan: Well I think it is a very attractive area. We haven't been in that area before. I think if we went to that area, we would go with a long-term customer that we had, that wanted us to do it and we would love to get involved in it but we just haven't operated in South Texas that is not where we have been focused.
Operator:  Our next question will come from the line of Raymond Leung with Goldman Sachs.
Raymond Leung - Goldman Sachs: Thanks for taking my question, but just to clarify with respect to your spending and capital needs, do you guys anticipate the need for external debt financing for 2010. And if you could provide us some color on that?
Gary Whitlock:  No as I mentioned, Ray we don't expect to, we have a maturing debt at the parent company we will pay that all in terms of our cash flow from operations we will still be strong. And again I'd point you to the cash on hand at the end of the year although we paid some debt down as well since then but we will fully fund our CapEx program, fund our dividend and so We are issuing as I mentioned through our benefit programs more on a routine basis, some equity we think is a walk away through that but we are fine in terms of the finance and equity. 
Marianne Paulsen:  We are over time actually and we have got, I think we will take one more question. 
Operator: Our final question will come from the line of Debra Bromberg with Jefferies and Company. 
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies and Company: Could you explain the projected rate base level is for the electric company in 2010?
David McClanahan: It's between about $3.5 billion I think give or take.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies and Company: That's an average for the year roughly?
David McClanahan: I am thinking that's kind of the end of '09. We have got a substantial capital budget there but you have to setup aside the amount of AMS because we already kind of dealing with that under our separate case so and we are just going to spend about $400 million on top of the advance metering. So, we are going to build rate base may be a $100 million in '010.  So, I would say that may be average for the year would be between 355 and 36 billion. 
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies and Company: And also my understanding was that at Encore's rate proceedings two months ago. Chairman Smitherman had commented that he might be open to potentially higher authorized common equity ratios at the T&D companies from the traditional 40% that they've been going with the last few years. Are you aware of any further comments from either any of the commissioners or staff regarding the common equity ratio since then?
David McClanahan: I am not aware of any other comments, I am aware of what he said on the record and I think that's exactly what he said is that he would be open and may be thought that it was appropriate to have a little thicker equity ratio. Encore hadn't requested it. So, we don't know what the other two commissioners were thinking. But I do think that there is an opening there.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much to everyone. I would like to thank you for participation on the call today and we appreciate your support. Have a great day
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations David M. McClanahan  President, CEO Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President, CFO 
Analysts:  Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citigroup Scott Engstrom - Bynum Capital Management Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security Steven Wong - Carlson Capital 
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys third quarter 2009 earnings conference call with senior management. During the companys prepared remarks all participants will be in a listen only mode. There will a question and answer session  managements remark. (Operators instructions) I will now turn the call over to Ms. Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen? Marianne Paulsen Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. Id like to welcome you to our third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our third quarter 2009 results and will also provide highlights and other key activities.  In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks.  Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the investors section.  I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call is subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the companys filings with the SEC.  Before Mr. McClanahan begins I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6 PM, Central Time through Wednesday, November 4, 2009. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 32554354. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on the CenterPoint Energy website for at least one year. And with that I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning we reported net income of $114 million for the third quarter, or $0.31 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $136 million or $0.39 per diluted share for the same period of 2008. Operating income for the third quarter of 2009 was $287 million compared to $337 million for the same period of 2008.  Our electric and gas distribution utilities and our interstate pipelines, which are our core regulated businesses achieved solid results this quarter, dispute the challenging economic climate. Lower natural gas and liquids prices negatively impacted our field services business. But we continue to position this unit for the future. With the addition of several new contracts in the Haynesville Shale Place. Due to reduced basis differentials operating income at our energy services business was also negatively impacted. Let me give you a little bit more detail regarding the performance of each of our business segments this quarter. Beginning with Houston Electric, our regulated transmission and distribution utility; Houston Electric reported operating income of $187 million an $18 million increase from the $169 million reported for the third quarter of 2008. Last years third quarter operating income, you may remember was negatively impacted by $12 million as a result of Hurricane Ike. After adjusting for this impact, Houston Electric achieved growth of over 3% in operating income. This improvement was principally the result of increase electricity usage due to warmer than normal weather throughout most of the quarter. The addition of over 26,000 customers since the third quarter of last year and the benefits of a transmission rate increase implemented last November.  Our service territory continues to grow at a 1%- 1.5% annual rate, which is somewhat below our recent growth rate of 2%. We dont expect to return to that level for at least 12 months or so.  As weve discussed in the past, Houston Electric is in the process of installing an advanced metering system. And were pleased to report that the implementation in (inaudible) system is going well. Weve installed over 100,000 smart meters so far. And were on target to install approximately 145,000 smart meters by the end of this year. Under our current plan we will deploy more than 2 million smart meters across our service territory over the next five years.  In early August, Houston Electric filed an application with the Department of Energy for $200 million in Federal Stimulus Funds available to the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. In our application we requested $150 million to accelerate the implementation of our advance metering system, and $50 million to support our intelligent grid initiative.  Yesterday, the DOE notified us that we had been (inaudible) associations. Assuming that the project is funded in accordance with our application, we will accelerate our AMS deployment to substantially complete the project by 2012.  Because the DOE funds require matching expenditures, there will be some acceleration of company funding. But we dont expect it to be material (inaudible) their cash flow or earnings. In a few moments Gary will report on our storm cost recovery bonds we expect to issue later this year to recover our costs related to Hurricane Ike. Our natural gas distribution business typically reports a loss in the third quarter due to (inaudible) nature. And this year was no different. The operating loss this quarter was $15 million compared to a $6 million loss last year. The decline was principally due to an $8 million increase in pension expense, as well as increases in other operating expenses primarily employee related and customer service related costs. Expense increases were benefits from rate changes and miscellaneous revenues totally approximately $8 million. And lower bad debt expense of $4 million. In July we filed two rate cases. In our Houston service territory, which covers 29 cities, serving nearly 1 million metered customers, we requested a revenue increase of a little over $25 million. In Mississippi, we requested a $6.2 million increase. In both cases we asked to recover increased operating costs, driven in large part by higher pension and employee related expenses. As well as cost related to increased investments in facilities since the last rate case. In Houston we also requested a mechanism that would annually adjust rates to reflect changes in investment, expenses and usage similar to the mechanism recently approved for our Texas Coast Service territory. We expect the Mississippi case to be decided late this year and Houston to be decided early next year. In our Minnesota case which we filed with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission last November, we asked to increase rates by approximately $60 million and to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. In January we implemented a $51 million interim rate increase which is subject to refund. The commission should make its decision in December and issue a final (inaudible) early next year. Our competitive natural gas sales and services business reported an operating loss of $8 million for the third quarter of 2009, compared to operating income of $35 million for 2008. We recorded mark-to-market charges of $8 million this quarter compared to gains of $46 million last year.  As you know, these mark-to-market impacts are associated with derivatives we used to lock in economic gains. In addition, in the third quarter of last year we recorded a $24 million right down of inventory to the lower of average cost or market.  Excluding these items, our energy service business was down approximately $50 million from last year. This decline is principally the result of reduced wholesale opportunities because of significantly tighter locational price differentials. Our retail business for the quarter was down about $3 million due principally to reduced gas usage by our customers. However, for the year our retail sales have been stable. Our interstate pipelines recorded operating income of $64 million for the third quarter this year, compared to $55 million for 2008. The third quarter of last year included a $7 million right down associated with pipeline assets removed from service. Adjusting for this right down, operating income increased approximately $2 million this quarter. Our core business continues to perform well building on its strong fee based foundation with increased margins from our Carthage to Perryville Pipeline, as well as increased revenues related to new firm contracts to serve power generation facilities on our system. This core margin growth more than offset reduced ancillary and other transportation services as well as higher operating costs associated with new facilities and increased pension expense. Our equity end comes from ongoing operations of the Southeast Supply Header or SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was $6 million for the quarter. However, this gain was more than offset by an $11 million non-cash charge to reflect SESHs decision to discontinue the use of regulatory accounting. In the third quarter of last year equity income was $18 million, primarily from allowance for funds used during construction. Now, let me turn to our field services segment. We reported operating income of $23 million for the third quarter of 2009, compared to $44 million last year. Operating income for the third quarter for last year included a gain of $7 million associated with the settlement of system and balances compared to a gain of $3 million this quarter. The remaining $17 million increase in operating income was primarily the result of significantly lower natural gas and natural gas liquids prices this year.  We also experience reduced gathering and processing in our traditional natural gas basins due to a significant decline in drilling activity. However, we more than offset this decline by increase gathering in the Shale Place. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $2 million from our jointly owned natural gas processing facilities, compared to $4 million the previous year. Again, the decline was primarily due to lower liquids prices. Last month we signed long term agreements with subsidiaries of EnCana and Shale to provide gathering and treating services for their growing Haynesville Shale natural gas production. We acquired facilities that are gathering and treating production of over 100 million cubic feet per day. And are expanding these facilities to gather and treat up to 700 million cubic feet per day. This expansion is expected to be completed in about 18 months and cost up to $325 million.  The agreements have minimum volume commitments and provide us exclusive rights to gather and treat their natural gas production. As part of the agreements EnCana and Shale can commit to additional volumes and we will further expand the facilities to gather and treat up to an additional one billion cubic feet per day, which could cost up to an additional $300 million. Despite an over 50% year-over-year decline in drilling activity in the traditional basins activity in the Shale areas, particularly the Haynesville Woodford and (inaudible) Shales has been minimally affected, although with less drilling activity than we anticipated. Producer activity has remained steady and this is where we are concentrating our activities. Because of acreage dedications, volume commitments and our guaranteed return contracts we believe we are well positioned as drilling activity escalates. In closing Id like to remind you of the $0.19 per share quarterly dividend declared by our board of directors on October 22nd. We believe our dividend action continues to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the board of directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you David, and good morning to everyone. Today Id like to discuss a few items with you beginning with an update on the process for recovering our cost related to Hurricane Ike. As we have previously discussed the Texas legislature earlier this year passed a bill that authorizes utilities to issue non-recourse system restoration securitization bonds to recover costs associated with hurricanes and other major storms occurring subsequent to January 1, 2008. These bonds are similar to the three series of transition bonds weve previously issued to recover our stranding call and have the dual benefit of allowing us to recover our hurricane related costs in a timely fashion and lowering the ultimate cost to consumers. The PEC has now issued the necessary orders to allow us to recover approximately $663 million in storm restoration costs associated with Hurricane Ike. Of the $663 million, approximately $643 million is related to our distribution system and will be recovered the issuance of bonds plus carrying costs from September 1, 2009.  The balance of $20 million plus carrying costs relates to our transmission system and will be recovered in rates set in our next transmission of cost of service proceeding. In our financing order the PEC allows us to issue bonds for the full amount of storm restoration costs incurred without reducing that amount by deferred tax benefits related to the storm restoration costs. Instead we will apply a credit to our customers bills to reflect the benefit of approximately $207 million of deferred taxes, effective on the same date as the system restoration charges. In 2010 this will result in reduced operating income of nearly $24 million of Houston Electric. Decreasing over time as the differed tax is reversed. Depending on market conditions we expect to issue the bonds in the fourth quarter of this year. Based on this expectation and having the hurricane season effectively over for this year Houston Electric terminated its 364 day, $600 million secured credit facility on October 6th. This facility served an important purpose as the liquidity safety net for Houston Electric this past year. Now let me discuss our recent financing activities. In August SESH secured a permanent financing through the issuance of $375 million of 4.85% senior notes due in 2014. A subsidiary of CERCs received a construction loan repayment of $186 million representing our half of the proceeds from the issuance of the notes. Proceeds from the construction load repayment were used to repay borrowing under CERCs credit facility. On October 9th, CERC extended its receivables facility for one year. The facility size ranges from $150 million to $375 million consistent with seasonal changes in receivable balances and provides additional liquidity for CERC. We have continued to improve our balance sheet this year. In September we raised approximately $280 million in an underwritten equity offering in conjunction with the announcement of our field services business signing excellent long term agreements with EnCana and Shale to expand gathering and treating facilities in the Haynesville Shale. Combined with the sale of common stock through our previously announced continuous offering program and the issuance of common stock through our savings plan and enhanced dividend reinvestment plan, we have raised approximately $485 million through the sale of 43.6 million shares of common stock through September 30th. The combination of internally generated cash and cash from our financing activities this year will allow us to reduce debt. And we expect to end the year with a significant cash balance and be undrawn in our various credit facilities. We continue to have a relatively large capital budget witch includes our regulated operations franchise required capital and a number of very attractive projects, particularly in our pipeline and field services segment. Producer activity continues to be barely active in the Shale place and we remain committed to pursue value creating opportunities that this activity presents. We have consistently stated that our objective is to improve our balance sheet and enhance our credit metrics to insure that we have the financial flexibility to execute our business plan. And we are committed to financing our operations using an optimal mix of debt and equity inline with our overall business risk profile. My final topic will be our 2009 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release we announced that we reaffirmed our 2009 earnings guidance range of $1.05 to $1.15 per diluted share. In providing our guidance we continued our performance to date as well as various economic, operational, financing and regulatory assumptions including the timing of the sale of storm restoration bonds associated with Hurricane Ike. We have assumed normal weather in both the electric and gas utilities and we have excluded the effects of mark-to-market, our inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and services business. We have also excluded any impact to income from our pending true-up appeal and from any change in the value of Time Warner stocks and the related ZENS securities. In addition, we have excluded the impact to income from the discontinued use of regulatory accounting (inaudible).  Finally, we have assumed a full year tax rate of 34% that takes into consideration our third quarter tax rate of 25% that reflected the recent settlement of tax audits for 2004 and 2005.  Now Id like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. With that we will now open the call to questions. And in the interest of time I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question.
Operator: (Operators instructions) Our first question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. Can I ask a question on this DOE grant money? Im a little confused as to what the schedule looks like. It sounds like you completed the program by 2012. But earlier on David said that it would take five years to complete two million meters. So Im kind of wondering what Im missing here?
David M. McClanahan: Lasan, I probably confused you. Thats our original schedule. Our original schedule had us completing it by 2014. With the DOE funding and $150 million of the stimulus funds goes to advanced metering. We will accelerate that from 2014 to 2012. And then weve got $50 million that we are going to start putting in our intelligent grid, our mid grid intelligent. So, those two components add up to the $200 million.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I got you. The other question I had was on the acquisition, a 100 million cubic feet per day of gathering, potentially going to 700 million cubic feet. What would trigger those growth patterns and how do we monitor that and CapEx spending associated with that? And is the acquisition in general what you had expected?
David M. McClanahan: The Shale and EnCana, these are two separate contracts; they have a very aggressive drilling program in the Haynesville area. So we expect based on their production drilling schedule and estimated production schedule that were going to ramp up to that 700 million after we get all these facilities completed. However, the company has volume commitments. So if they dont hit their drilling schedule or their production schedule we have protections to get paid anyway. So were hoping they do well. There are some upsides if they in fact produce and we dont have to rely on volume commitments. And of course wed like to see them be very successful where they could go ahead and elect to expand these facilities and we would even put in more.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And do you think  is this acquisition as you would expect it, better than expected? How would you characterize it so far?
David M. McClanahan: Were delighted with this acquisition. These contacts, weve been working on them for a number of months. Theyre in our sweet spot. We gather gas in northern Louisiana, have for a long time. We wanted to be in the Haynesville Shale play. We had some minor activities in that area. So were really excited about this. I think its exactly what we wanted to do. And were just hoping its the start of something even bigger.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Gary, in the CapEx spending you need up to get up 700 million cubic feet. Can you kind of give us the timing and the amounts?
Gary L. Whitlock: Lasan, were going to expand  well spend about $125 million of the $300 million or so this year. And then the remainder of those expenditures will be spent in 010 and the first half of 011.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan  Citigroup: Just trying to figure out how the acceleration and the DOE grants kind of benefit the shareholders in terms of your CAP Ex planning for smart grading and the transmission lines?
David M. McClanahan : Well, first we only earn on our net investment here. And because of this funding by the federal government of $150 million were going to have less invested in this program. But our customers are going to get the benefit of that. Because theyre going to have to pay $150 million less. We think thats a win-win situation. Whats good for our customers in the long term is going to be good for us. And this is enabling technology. It will enable our customers to do things with home area networks and smart appliances and time of day rates that they cant do today. I think that along the way were going to have some opportunities arise because of that.  The other piece of this is we get to start investing now in the mid-grid and putting sensors and automated pull top switches and other things on the grid thats going to make the grid more reliable. Its going to make us more efficient. Were going to be able to heal the grid quicker following outages. Well be more preventative rather than reactive in our maintenance. So I think its going to make us a more efficient utility. In the long run thats going to bode well for us. Faisel Khan - Citigroup In theory over the next five years your net rate base should go up with these investments, is that a fair statement?
David M. McClanahan: Thats correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And just off question. Youre operating cash flows for the nine months to date were $1.4 billion dollars. And then you also talked about the bonds that you would issue from storm recovery. By the end of the year with all this cash coming in the door, including the equity offering you had early in the second quarter, what are you looking at your debt to CAP to be by the end of the year?
Gary L. Whitlock: Debt to CAP will be about 73%. We will pay down debt, Faisel this year of a little more than a billion dollars. Well end the year with between $600-$700 million on our balance sheet.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Of cash?
Gary L. Whitlock: Of cash.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Great, thanks. Ill get back in line.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Engstrom with Bynum Capital Management.  
Scott Engstrom - Bynum Capital Management:  Gary, just want to follow up on your comments on the guidance. You have pointed a number of exceptions. What I was trying to understand is, are those exceptions are you talking about those specifically as it relates to the fourth quarter? Or are you saying going back and adjusting the numbers so far through nine months for some of the things you pointed out?
Gary L. Whitlock: It would be going back for nine months. And weve been consistent on these. And let me just give you third quarter and then year to date, Scott, should help you. If you look at the third quarter, we reported $0.31 per share. And if you adjust for the mark-to-market in inventory the Time Warner shares and the SESH write off which was an accounting change, the application of an accounting standard, youre still back to $0.31 a share. If you look at that for the nine months, and Ill just give you the numbers, we reported $0.74. Theres a $0.05 adjustment for mark-to-market in inventory. As you know those are temporal theyll return to us. The Time Warner ZENS $0.03 and then $0.03 the other way for the SESH write off, biting that back. So you get the $0.80. So, on our guidance for this year we really dont exclude that much, frankly, from our guidance. And what were trying to show you is that were at $0.80 for nine months. I think if you look at the tax rate, earlier in the year I started at a higher tax rate, we guided you to 35%. This quarter is a 25% tax rate because we actually settled those 2004, 2005 audits with the IRS. So its for the full youll come back to 34%. In fact our year-to-date tax rates 33%. I want to remind you and others as you look forward 2010, though, our tax rates should return to more of a normalized rate of 37%-38%. And well give you some guidance on that early next year.
Scott Engstrom - Bynum Capital Management: Okay, great. That was very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good afternoon. I was wondering if you could just  the question about cash flow, $1.4 billion to the first nine months of the year. What would you expect cash flow from operations for the full year to be?
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, first of all, I think the number youre picking up probably includes a securitization bonds. But if you look for our nine months we will have our debt level at the end of this quarter is $7 billion 045, the fourth, we will not increase debt in the fourth quarter. So we will end the year with about $7 billion of debt, $7,045 million, that sort of range. And between $600-$700 million of cash on the balance sheet. So for this year, in terms of operational cash flow  and again this has two elements I want to bring to your attention. One, weve done I think an excellent job managing working capital, putting new asset management agreements in place that really allow us to more effectively manage our working capital of the long term. Plus weve had these benefits that I mentioned of the differed  continue some differed tax benefits, accelerated depreciation bonus depreciate. So for this year, Steve, we will fund fully our CapEx program, our dividend. And well again, as I said end the year with $600-$700 million of cash on the balance sheet.  Now of course that includes the terms of financing that we need at SESH that we were the beneficiary of. We had been funding that ourselves. And we had $186 million, really a total of $215 coming back on that. And of course weve had $485 million of equity issuance this year as well.  So I think what you see is an improved balance sheet, which was our commitment as we started this year. Weve improved our balance sheet and put ourselves in, I think, a strong position as we look to execute our business plan in 2010 and beyond.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And clearly the free cash flow has been fantastic. Looking at the cash flow statement I cant back out the securitization impact, quickly. But the SESH cash flow looks like that came back on the investing section of the cash flow statement.
Gary L. Whitlock: It did. And there are a three elements of that, that was the financing that we did at SESH and then there was a payment that we received from Sonas, it flowed back to us as well.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I guess really my question is as we look to the fourth quarter given you net income guidance theres been very substantial cash flow benefits other than net income and depreciation for the first nine months of the year. Youve pulled working capital out. Youve had substantial deferred tax benefits. As we look to the fourth quarter of this year and think about fourth quarter cash flow, will there be other components to cash flow besides net income and depreciation of consequence, i.e. more differed taxes and more working capital reductions?
Gary L. Whitlock: Not material in the fourth quarter.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then you also mentioned that you signed some new contract in the Haynesville or some of the shale place in your opening remarks. I was wondering if you could please elaborate on those?
David M. McClanahan: Well, those are really the two that I mentioned, Shale and EnCana.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay.
David M. McClanahan: And these are terrific contracts at least in our mind, well spend on the first phase up to $325 million to gather and treat up to 700 million a day. And then both parties have an option to increase their volumes in increments of 200 million a day, up to a total of a billion a day. They have to just give us notice to do that. And it takes about a year to make these kind of  you have to acquire the equipment and write-aways and so forth. But were excited about them. We think its a great  Haynesville is probably one of the most prolific gas place discovered in the US in many, many years if not ever. And to be in there in a really good spot, were excited about.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: When you look forward to 2010, given the dynamics of kind of growth in the Shale place and potentially continuing declines off of some of the traditional areas, do you feel like volumes have to be positive to flat versus what they were this year for your field services business?
David M. McClanahan: Well, if you look at what happens so far this year were kind of flat on a year to date basis. There is no question were experiencing volume losses in our traditional basins. There hadnt been very much drilling at all in those basins. As a result of that youre seeing volumes start to decline. We are offsetting those volumes with these new shale place, both in the Fayetteville, Woodford and the Haynesville. And I expect that that will more than offset the declines that were experiencing in our traditional basin. We also hope that if gas prices firm up a little bit that well see a resumption of some level of activity in our traditional basins. And if we do I think we have  were very well positioned then with both the shale place and these traditional basins because we have very good facilities there. We not only gather the gas, we process a lot of it. So were very well positioned, I think, once drilling picks back up.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: All right. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Rogers with Gagnon Security.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Thank you. I was just wondering, when you first started discussing smart grid initiatives you had to come up with both internally and with the Texas PUC and agreed upon rate increase to cover the capital investment, correct?
David M. McClanahan: Correct.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Okay. So now with $150 million less being spent; are you revising that rate increase?
Gary L. Whitlock: What will happen is one of two things. One is that the tariff just wont go as long. We obviously dont have to recover $150 million less. And thats what we prefer to happen because were going to be funding a fairly large amount of capital over the next two or three years. The other thing is they could reduce  the PC could reduce the tariff to reflect this reduction in capital. And well be going in, I think, next year for a reconciliation. And Im sure that will be discussed at that time.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Okay. And Im not trying to be negative on this, Im just wondering for the foreseeable future, probably at least a year until this reconciliation the customer is actually not going to be seeing any saving with the $150 million support from the DOE. It would have to be until the rate basis is readjusted?
David M. McClanahan: Yeah. The tariff is not going to change, Mark. But the value of the smart grid of the advanced metering is, what they could do with their energy consumption, how they can manage their home. Youre going to have communications where theyre going to be able to see essentially on a real-time basis how much energy theyre using. Youre going to be able to communicate with smart appliances. Youre going to be able to have home area networks that are focused around energy. So theres going to be different ways for them to get value out of this. But youre right. Our plan is not to go in and change the tariff immediately. But I think the value of this is enabling technology and its how you use it.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Absolutely. And then one quick follow up. The meters on the smart grid really are one of the easier things to implement. You just turn on the meters. But the back hall systems need to be there. With this two year accelerated deployment schedule in 2014 to 2012, are the rest of your processes going to be able to be ramped up faster? Such as the dynamic pricing models, the substations all the two way communication modules necessary, the networking capability or are the meters going to be ready with everything else to follow?
David M. McClanahan : Well have to accelerate the implementation of our communications infrastructure. I think youve hit on a very important part. You have to have the communications network there in advance of when the meter gets there so you can communicate with it. But we have a plan that weve put together that in fact will do that. Well probably begin that this year, in fact, so we can be ready as these new meters get here and we can start, basically, doubling our installation rate monthly. But we believe we have a good plan put together and we can handle it, yes.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Okay. Just one follow up. Youre using Itron for your meters, thats publicly disclosed. Are you using them for the communication modules as well?
David M. McClanahan: No.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Oh, youre not.
David M. McClanahan: No.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Okay. So this doubling of deployment schedule; is this something that we can see starting? Because you still have to get the checks. Ive been looking at some of these delays, they say maybe even three months. This is a Q1-Q2 story on doubling the deployment schedule?
David M. McClanahan: I think thats right. You have to negotiate these agreements. And well start that the middle of next month. We expect by the first quarter, early the second quarter we will start this ramp-up. But we are very confident well get it. So were going to start planning on that, and anticipating it from a communication standpoint.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Security: Great. Congratulations.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: (Inaudible) cash balance is $670 million by year end. Thats a pretty large chunk of cash to have on your balance sheet. Do you have any preliminary plans on what you want to do with it?
Gary L. Whitlock: Look, were going to fund operations in capital going forward. I think the decisions on that, and well give you more a view of that when we release fourth quarter earnings. We really need to look at our CapEx program next year. Both franchises require capital and as David mentioned and I mentioned as well, we have a number of projects were continued to look at, both in pipelines and field services. So we really want to see our CapEx program. But I think the real take away, Lasan, is that weve been executing our business plan, which is improving this balance sheet and equity capital has been very helpful to our company. And of course, recovering the Hurricane Ike costs through the sale of these bonds. And thats the real key to having the cash. We extended that cash, now were getting it back plus a return. So were going to be very thoughtful about it. And we need to really look at our CapEx program as that unfolds with more (inaudible) in the next 60 days or so.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Specifically I was wondering if you thought of any potential shareholder initiatives, like, share repurchase program or something like that?
Gary L. Whitlock: No, not really. Look, I think where we are, we still look at our leverage. Weve made good progress. Weve paid down debt. Were undrawn at our credit facilities. But over the long term for us to execute our  Lasan, to execute our business plan we want to continue to improve the balance sheet, obviously. And I dont think that would be in our best interest of our shareholders at this point. I think were going to continue to focus looking at our dividends. The board will take a very thoughtful look at that early in the new year. And I think weve been paying our dividend so far in a very thoughtful way. Were going to continue to look at that. So I think thats  our shareholders should be rewarded through the dividend and in our ability to invest our capital and grow this company over the long term.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steven Wong with Carlson Capital.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: Hi, good morning guys. Just had a follow up on the field service business. I know you guys had, like, $100-$135 million, I think for next year on top of the Shale EnCana deal. How does that look today based off what you talked to the producers and how should we think about that for next year? And then (inaudible)
David M. McClanahan : Well, we have the Shale EnCana schedule. And so we feel pretty confident in that. So well be spending after the $125 million this year in 09, $175 million on those products the next year, year and a half. But we have some other significant projects that were going to continue. We had a capital budget this year of $277 million in field services. Were going to probably spend about $185 million or so, maybe $200 of that budget. The rest of its going to be carried over into 010. And then we have the Shale EnCana on top of that. So were going to have a sizable capital budget in field services next year. At least we hope we are because these are very attractive projects that have good  and theyre good contracts and we look forward to getting the facilities in the ground.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: But, David, I thought that next years CapEx for field service before the rollover was already $100-$125 million, excluding Shale EnCana.
David M. McClanahan: Let me just look and see if I can refresh my memory on our CapEx for 
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: I guess, just how should I think about CapEx for field services all in for next year?
David M. McClanahan: Lets see here. Last year we said that field services capital budget was going to be $142 million. We will spend that plus probably $130 million more on the Shale EnCana. Plus well have some carry over from this year of $79 or $80 million on top of that. Now, well have to look at some of our assumptions. We may bring that $142 down a little bit. But were going to have  this year we had $277 million capital budget. Were not going to probably have quite that big a budget. Were going to have pretty close to that budget next year I would expect if not  its going to be right around that $250-$300 million level.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: Okay. Yeah, I just want to make sure that that $70-$80 million carry over wasnt coming down to $142.
David M. McClanahan: The $142, of course, thats a year old now. And that had some green field projects that we assumed. So therell be some averaging out there. But were going to spend $142 plus without the Shale EnCana.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: Okay. And how should we kind of think of milestones for the incremental 1B on the Shale EnCana? Like you said it takes one year out. I mean, next year is there even a possibility that they could come on  indicated next year or is this more of 2011 event?
David M. McClanahan: I would say its 2011. They have to give us notice so we can order the equipment and the install it. I will say that once we get notice, Im sure that well tell the market about it. So well let you know if were going to expand these. But I think both Shale and EnCana, its going to be based on the success of their drilling program. And as they get more experience there I think theyll decide what they want to do.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: And then just a last one here. Im following up with kind of your comments here on the pipelines side of the business. Based off your (inaudible) with all the hyperlific (ph) the Shale play has been, should we anticipate any expansion of SESH coming up especially with a PL losing their approval on their pipeline of Florida or even the  I think you guys are also looking to do additional Haynesville pipe. How should we think about whats going on there?
David M. McClanahan: We continue to talk with Shippers on SESH. And when the timing is right there well expand that. And were continuing to talk to the folks that are shipping on it now as well as others. So I dont think thats imminent. But I think were clearly in talks with folks about it. We still are looking at the Haynesville area and whether or not additional pipe is needed there and talking to producers and others about that. But in order to do a pipe like that wed have to have substantial commitments by producers to do that. But those conversations go on every week. So we are continued actively looking at new projects in that area.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: But the SESH contracts this summer, I think you had some short term contracts. Have there been any new longer term contracts lined up for SESH?
David M. McClanahan: I dont think so. We had about 205 million a day that we could sell this year. Part of that was the shippers firm commitments didnt start till next year and then 011. Theres about 85 million that really isnt sold. I think they sold through the middle of the fall all have been about 65 million of that. But to my knowledge there are no new long term contracts. All these are short term firm contracts are just interruptible contracts.
Steven Wong - Carlson Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay, Tina. Well take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Your final question will come from the line of Fisel Khan with Citigroup. 
Fisel Khan - Citigroup:  Just a couple more questions. Gary, if you could elaborate a little bit more on the tax rate for the quarter. I think you talked about it but I may have missed your commentary on it. Its a little bit lower than we expected.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yeah. Id be glad to. First of all, think about the full year first and let me come back to that. Full year tax rate now were guiding at 34%. Our year-to-date tax rate now is 33%. In the third quarter, thought, we actually completed or finalized our 2004, 2005 audits with the Internal Revenue Service. As such we  and had some other minor adjustments. But that was the bulk of it. We had about a $16 million favorable entry to taxes. So our tax rate in the third quarter is 25%.
Fisel Khan - Citigroup: Gotcha. Okay. Understood.
Gary L. Whitlock: Is that helpful?
Fisel Khan - Citigroup: Yeah, it is. Thank you. And then last question. Given your strong balance sheet position going into next year, is it fair to say that you are properly capitalized for most of our projects along with the potential expansion of the gathering and processing system for Shale EnCana? I know you have the 700 million cubic feet a day expansion but theres also the incremental (inaudible) above and beyond that. Does the equity raised in the balance sheet position youll be in at the end of the year fully fund that development of that expansion also?
Gary L. Whitlock: I think the way  thats a good question. Its a fair question. Weve raised as we mentioned $485 million of equity capital. At this point we still have turned on our drip program and our savings plan as well which generates around $75 million or so of equity capital. So I think at this point we feel good about our position to execute our business plan. I will say this though, its dependant on, Fisel, our capital plan for next year. So to the extend we have more capital in field services theres significantly more capital. Well have to always make sure we have the correct mix of debt and equity. So it really depends on that go forward to capital. And by the way, Id be excited if David said if we can execute some really great contracts similar to the Shale EnCana. That would be a great thing for our shareholders.
Fisel Khan - Citigroup: Thanks for that. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the time guys.
Marianne Paulsen: All right. Thank you very much to everyone. I would like to thank you for participating on our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes CenterPoint Energys third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: David McClanahan - President & Chief Executive Officer Gary Whitlock - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citi Tom ONeal - Green Arrow Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co. Daniele Seitz - Dudack
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys second quarter 2009 earnings conference call with Senior Management. During the companies prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after Managements remarks. (Operator Instructions) I will now like to turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulson.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning everyone, this Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. Id like to welcome you to our second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO, and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2009 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the companys filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins Id like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, August 12, 2009. To access the replay please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 17749079. You can also listen to the online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energys website for at least one year. With that I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning we reported net income of $86 million for the second quarter or $0.24 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $101 million or $0.30 per diluted share for the same period of 2008. Operating income for the second quarter of 2009 was $253 million, compared to $297 million for the same period of 2008. In this challenging economic environment I believe we had a solid quarter and I am please with the company overall performance. Let me give you a little more detail regarding the performance of each of our business segments this quarter, beginning with Houston Electric. Our regulated transmission and distribution utility Houston Electric reported operating income of $129 million unchanged from 2008. Last year second quarter included a $9 million gain from a land sale, an unusually large item for this business unit. Excluding this gain, Houston Electric achieved a 7.5% increase in operating income. This is excellent performance and reflects the continuing measures we are taking to improve its financial results. Customer usage this quarter was down only slightly. Much milder weather experienced in April and May was almost entirely offset by the very warm weather in June and we didnt see a repeat of the first quarters reduced customer usage. Well continue to monitor this, but for now, we believe the first quarter was not indicative of a significant new downward trend in customer usage. Our service territory continued to grow with the addition of over 28,000 customers since the second quarter of last year. We also benefited from increased transmission revenues, primarily from a tariff change implemented last fall. As a result of the storm restoration legislation enacted in April of this year, Houston Electric recorded a regulatory asset of $41 million for carrying cost associated with the system restoration cost that we incurred following Hurricane Ike. Of that amount, $14 million was related to the debt component and was reflected in second quarter results. The equity component of $27 million will be recognized over the life of the storm cost recovery bonds, we expect to issue later this year. In a few movements Gary will report on this storm cost recovery settlement that we announced last Friday. This week Houston Electric filed an application with the Department of Energy for $200 million in Federal stimulus funds available through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. In our application we requested $150 million to accelerate the implementation of an advanced metering system and $50 million to support our Smart Grid Initiative. As we have discussed in the past, Houston Electric is in the process of installing an advanced metering system. Since March the 1, we have put in 45,000 smart meters and are on target to install approximately 145,000 smart meters by the end of the year. Under our current plan, we will deploy more than two million smart meters across our service territory over the next five years. If our request for the DOE stimulus funds is approved, we will accelerate our deployment plan to substantially complete the project by 2012. Because the DOE funds require matching expenditures, there will be some acceleration of company funding, but we dont expect it to be material to either cash flow or earnings. Our natural gas distribution business also continued to make progress. This unit reported operating income of $2 million, a slight decline from the $4 million, we reported for the second quarter of 2008. Due to its seasonal nature, this business typically has minimal earnings in the second quarter. Benefits from rate changes and miscellaneous revenues totaling approximately $9 million were more than offset by increased pension expense of $10 million and increases in other operating expenses, primarily employee related. We have worked very hard over the last couple of years to address delinquencies and bad debts. We are seeing the benefits of that effort. Both our delinquencies and bad debts are significantly lower than at this time last year. Last month we filed two rate cases. For our Houston service territory, which covers 29 city serving nearly one million metered customers, we filed rate requests for a revenue increase of $25.4 million. In Mississippi, we requested a $6.2 million increase. In both cases, we asked for approval to recover increased operating costs, driven in large part by higher pension and employee related expenses, as well as the increased investments in facilities since the last rate case. In Houston, we also requested an adjustment mechanism that would annually adjust rates to reflect changes in investment expenses and usage. Similar to the mechanism recently approved for our Texas Coast service territory. We expect the Mississippi case to be decided late this year and Houston to be decided early next year. In our Minnesota case, which we filed with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission last November, we asked to increase rates by approximately $60 million and to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. In January, we implemented a $51 million interim rate increase, which is subject to refund. Interveners in this case filed their direct testimony in late June, and hearings are scheduled to begin this month. We do not expect final action on our request until early next year. Our smallest business segment, the competitive natural gas sales and services business, reported operating income of $6 million for the second quarter of 2009, compared to an operating loss of $5 million for 2008. We recorded mark-to-market gains of $3 million this quarter, associated with derivatives we used to lock in economic gains, compared to charges of $10 million last year. Excluding these items, our energy service business was down approximately $2 million from last year. Our commercial and industrial sales have been solid, but reduced basis differentials and seasonal spreads have reduced our opportunities in the wholesale sector. Our interstate pipelines recorded operating income of $61 million for the second quarter of this year, compared to $101 million for 2008. The second quarter of last year included an $18 million gain from the sale of two gas storage development projects. So, on an apples-to-apples basis we are down about $22 million in operating income. This decline is primarily due to reduced ancillary revenues as a result of lower commodity prices, as well as higher operating costs, including increased pension expense. Our core business continued to perform very well, with increased margin from our Carthage to Perryville pipeline and increased revenue related to new firm contracts to serve power generation facilities on our system. As I discussed on our last call, our strategy for this business is to emphasize firm, fee based transportation revenues. This year we expect 90% of our interstate pipelines margin to come from fee-based transportation services. Margins from these fee-based services continue to grow and are expected to exceed last years by over 10%. The balance of our pipeline margins are derived from ancillary services such as processing, park and loan, and balancing services. As you know, these services are driven by market dynamics, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices, and basis differentials.  Provide up side beyond the more predictable and consistent fee based revenue. Due to significantly higher commodity prices in 2008, we recorded a record amount of ancillary services last year. While we wont achieve that level every year, these services will continue to provide upside potential. The Southeast Supply Header, or SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, began flowing gas last September. While SESH has contracted for all, but 80 million cubic feet of the 1 billion cubic feet per day of capacity, some of the capacity commitments phase in over the first three years. We had expected that most of the remaining available capacity would be sold on an interruptible are short term firm basis, but market conditions have limited such sales this year. However, conditions have improved somewhat, and weve obtained commitments from customers for a significant portion of the open capacity through the remaining summer months. For the quarter, we recorded equity income of $9 million from SESH, which included a $3 million fee earned in connection with the construction of the pipeline. In the second quarter of last year, equity income was $10 million from allowance for funds used during construction. Now let me turn to our field services segment. We reported operating income of $23 million for the second quarter of 2009 compared to $32 million last year. Revenue from new projects on our gathering system, since last year, was more than offset by revenue declines resulting from reduced natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. We continue to project that fee based revenue will account for approximately 75% of this years margin. The remaining margin is derived primarily from the sale of natural gas retained from efficient compressor operations and natural gas liquids from processing. Due to high commodity prices, these revenues were much higher last year. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $2 million from our jointly owned natural gas processing facilities, compared to $4 million the previous year. The decline was primarily due to lower liquids prices, which have averaged about half of last years price levels. While drilling activity in the conventional basins is down over 50% year-over-year, activity in the unconventional shale areas, particularly the Haynesville, Woodford, and Fayetteville shales has been minimally affected with producer activity remaining steady.  Most of our growth projects for this year are concentrated in these shale areas. One key aspect in our business model is to scale our capital deployment to meet producers actual production timing. As we see activities slow in various areas, we were able to throttle back our capital spending appropriately. In closing, Id like to remind you of the $0.19 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on July 23. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the board of directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. Today Id like to discuss a few items with you beginning with an update on the process for recovering our costs related Hurricane Ike. As you know, earlier this year the Texas legislature passed a bill that authorizes utilities to issue non-recourse system restoration securitization bonds to recover costs associated with hurricanes and other major storms that occurred subsequent to January 1, 2008. These bonds are similar to the three series of transition bonds we previously issued to recover our stranded costs. The legislation requires two proceedings before the Texas Public Utility Commission. The first is a determination of the system restoration costs that are recoverable. In the second, the commission issues an appropriate financing order to recover those costs. In April, we filed an application with the PUC detailing our system restoration costs associated with Hurricane Ike, in which we requested recovery of $678 million, including $70 million in carrying costs, certain debt issuance costs, and regulatory expenses. Last week we reached an agreement with the parties to the case under which we would be eligible to recover approximately $663 million in storm restoration costs, a $15 million reduction from our original request. The agreement is subject to PUC approval, and we expect the PUC to consider the settlement agreement later this month. In July, we filed an application with the PUC to begin a financing order proceeding requesting permission to issue securitization bonds to recover the distribution system portion of the restoration costs. Of the $663 million agreed to in the settlement, approximately $643 million is related to distribution. The exact size of the system restoration bond issue will depend upon how the PUC chooses to handle deferred taxes related to the storm restoration cost and other matters. We expect the PUC to issue its order in the next 30 to 60 days, and we expect to issue bonds shortly thereafter. System restoration securitization bonds have the dual benefit of allowing us to recover our hurricane costs in a timely fashion and lowering the ultimate cost to consumers. We plan to recover the transmission portion of our storm costs, or approximately $20 million plus carrying costs, through the rates set in our next transmission cost of service proceeding. In February, we announced our intention to sell up to $150 million of common stock through a continuous offering program. The sale of this stock was completed on July 1. The company sold approximately 14.251 million shares at an average price of $10.53 per share. To-date, in 2009, the company has also sold approximately $49 million of original issue common stock through its savings plan and its enhanced dividend reinvestment plan for a total equity raise of $199 million. We continue to have a relatively large capital budget, which includes our franchise required capital and a number of very attractive projects, particularly in our pipeline and field services segments. Producer activity continues to be fairly high in the shale plays where these businesses operate, and we remain committed to pursuing value creating opportunities that this activity presents. While we expect to generate sufficient internal cash this year to cover our capital program, plus common dividend, we recognize that external financings will be required to fund future growth opportunities. Our objective is to ensure that we have the financial flexibility to execute our business plan, and we are committed to financing our operations using an optimal mix of debt and equity, while improving our balance sheet and enhancing our credit metric. This leads me to my final topic, our 2009 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release we announced that we reaffirmed our 2009 earnings guidance range of $1.05 to $1.15 per diluted share. In providing our guidance, we considered various economic, operational, financing, and regulatory assumptions, including recovery of costs associated with Hurricane Ike. We have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities and we have not attempted to predict the effects of mark-to-market or inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and services business. These effects are timing related and ultimately do not impact the economics of the underlying transaction. In addition, we have excluded any impact to income from our pending true up appeal and from any change in value of Time Warner stocks and the related VIN securities. Finally, we have assumed an effective tax rate of 35% for the full year. This assumption takes into account our year-to-date effective tax rate and the recent settlement of tax audits related to 2004 and 2005. As the year unfolds, we will continue to update you on these items as well as our earnings expectations. Now Id like to thank you for your interest in our company, and I will turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulson: Thank you, Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time I would ask to you please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Carl Kirst - BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: If I could first ask on the pipeline side, from what I recall, park and loan was about $30 to $40 million in 2008. Im not sure what processing added, but I was hoping that second quarter 09 versus second quarter 08 you could breakout perhaps what some of the specific ancillary services were versus last year, park and loan, straddle plans, balancing, etc., Im just looking for the Deltas.
David McClanahan: Let me see if I can put my hands on that. The Delta on purely the ancillary part of the business is right at $20 million. A big part of that is our straddle plants and our processing, probably a little bit more than half. Then the others are really scattered around balancing, system management, PALS. Its spread through there, but thats the order of magnitude that were talking about.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: So, primarily a processing pit from quarter-over-quarter.
David McClanahan: Thats correct.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: I know you going typically have not given segment guidance. Considering, though that were pointing to 90% of pipes being fee-based, as far as this year is that a number, given that there shouldnt be that much variability around that, is that a number you can share?
David McClanahan: Well, we havent given any guidance around that, but our base margin, so far this year is almost $250 million and this business is pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter. There are some seasonal changes, primarily around ancillary revenues, but I would say that total margin this year will be between $450 million and $500 million, in that range and is going to depend on some of the ancillary services and where they end up the remaining half of the year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Just a quick follow up on the LDC side. There may not be much to add here, but with respect to the potential pilot of decoupling in Minnesota, has there been any color to kind of glean from the staffs position over the last three months?
David McClanahan: I was looking at Joe McGoldrick; he heads up that business for us. Joe is there any kind of light you can shed on that?
Joe McGoldrick: We have a settlement with one party in the case, but it remains to be seen whether the other parties to the case will join that or not. So, were cautiously optimistic. We might be able to make some progress, but we know that the staff and others have generally opposed decoupling the way we think of decoupling. So, remains to be seen where we are going to end up in this case.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: So, even though kind of coming down from the legislature that you need to give a pilot to somebody, it sounds like youre still getting friction on that.
Joe McGoldrick: Thats correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Similar to Carls question, it looks like field services went through a little bit of up and down, that was from my perspective at least a little unexpected. Could you breakout why there was so much delta between eight and nine in the second quarter? I know part of thats probably appealed contracts. I think you said your pass about 10%. But what else could there be?
David McClanahan: Let me kind of give you a little color around this. As I said in my remarks, this year about 75% of our total margin is going to come from pure fee based revenue. Last year, it was higher than that. The reason is because we make a fair amount of money off natural gas we retain, because from operating our compressors efficiently, as well as the natural gas liquids we retain in processing. Those prices last year were substantially higher than this year. So, its not a volume issue as it is, as much as its a price issue, and prices are just down substantially. Thats the reason youve seen the field services business decline from last year. Our fee based margin is up, but our commodity based revenues are down. Now, the commodity based revenues arent going to go to zero, because youre always going to get something for natural gas that you sell and for natural gas liquids, but last year at this time we were probably getting $7, $8 for gas and $1.50 a gallon for liquids, and its probably half that this year. So thats the delta you are seeing there, Lasan.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So, about 75% fee based, 25% commodity price based, and that should be a relatively good formula without major price spikes?
David McClanahan: Thats correct.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
David McClanahan: I will say, though, that we really focusing on fee based revenue in this business as well. Our new contracts that were working on, we not only get acreage dedication, but we get throughput guarantees. So, if the gas doesnt show up for whatever reason, we have a true up mechanism, where well still get paid.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So its very consistent number.
David McClanahan: Yes.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Just quickly, on the pipeline business, Im assuming by the rough calculation you gave, me of 9 to 10 that last years ancillary service business was around $28 million bucks.
David McClanahan: I think thats probably pretty close.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Then the 200 million of DoD application to accelerate smart metering, you said 150 million was for the smart meters and 50 million was for the grid. I just wanted to confirm that you said if you got it, it would accelerate the meter installation through 2011?
David McClanahan: 2012.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: To 2012?
David McClanahan: Right.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: For all two million meters.
David McClanahan: Correct.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: But regardless of whether this is approved or not or you get it or not, youre still going to go ahead and do the, Im assuming youre going to go ahead and still install the meters regardless.
David McClanahan: Yes, well just install them on a five year basis rather than a three year basis. We accelerate the program a little bit more than two years with the DOE stimulus funds, but if we dont get it, our plan is to install them all by 2014, rather than 2012.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Just to make absolutely clear, this is not money you have to pay back.
David McClanahan: Thats correct. We just have to match it, but we were planning on doing this ourselves. So this is going to reduce the cost of this program to our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan - Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citi: On the short term volume that you guys talked about signing up at SESH for the remainder of the next few months, whats causing those short term volume contracts? Is it a pipeline outage, or is it short term volume increases? Whats going on there?
David McClanahan: I think its the Florida markets its up probably gas fired generation, more than anything.
Faisel Khan - Citi: So weather and demand related.
David McClanahan: Yes.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Then on the electricity side, it looks like overall demand is up on the residential side 1%, but weather is lower by 3%. So overall, what do you think is driving that increase? I think last quarter you said, maybe wed see some price elastic demand come back, but trying to figure out what you guys were seeing. Is there a demand increase?
David McClanahan: First quarter, we saw what was a kind of an unexplained customer usage decline, we werent real sure, if it was conservation or not, and we dont think theres a substantial amount of conservation in the second quarter. We have seen electric rates in Texas come down substantially. Theyre probably 60% of what they were last year, but customers do have long term contracts. So, it takes awhile for some of these longer term contracts to roll-off, but we dont think were seeing a huge amount, or very much at all conservation so far. Now, were having a very hot summer here, no question and we got the benefit of that in June, and we talked about that a little bit in our prepared remarks. It looks like usage is just hanging in there, comparable to last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tom ONeal - Green Arrow.
Tom ONeal - Green Arrow: If could you provide the latest available trailing twelve ROE for the electric distribution property, and then just your current thinking on when you might be filing?
David McClanahan: First, we have to file in June, at the end of June of next year, July of next year, unless the staff and parties believe we dont need to file, but were obligated to file. Well wait and see kind of where we are on returns then. I dont have those trailing ROEs in front of me. My guess, it would be right at 10%, give or take a few basis points. Thats what it had been tracking at. So I dont think were too far off from that right now.
Tom ONeal - Green Arrow: Just curious on your comments on CapEx in the balance sheet, Gary just wanted to make sure I understood what you were saying about equity needs for the balance of this year? I had previously assumed you were done for 2009. Just what you were thinking about 2010 levels versus 09.
Gary Whitlock: Weve raised approximately $200 million of equity this he year, $150 million through the continuous offering, then our benefits program. Let me say our benefit programs, which have raised about $49 million, I think you can think probably another $20 plus million for the balance of the year so thats a normal program. I think in terms of any additional equity, its really going to be driven by, and for next year as well, its really dependent on growth opportunities that we have. So as Ive said, our commitment is to ensure that we have a balance sheet that enables us to execute our growth opportunities and our business plan are, so well really have to look at the growth opportunities that we have. Thats basically where we are.
Tom ONeal - Green Arrow: So this year was probably a bit outside; its just in terms of balance sheet repair and CapEx?
Gary Whitlock: I think that was inappropriate. I think that the continuous offering program was a thoughtful way to raise this equity capital. I think its in line with what we expected to do this year and the growth that we are already executing on.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I just had a question on the CapEx. It looks like at field services you spent about $66 million first half of 2009, and your 10-K it was $277 million. Have you revised your growth plans there and if you have, can you give us a sense as to where you think it might come out for the year?
David McClanahan: I think we spent close to $100 million in the first half of the year. We are monitoring this pretty close. My guess is were not going to spend the full $277 million based on the producers drilling activity, but well spend well in excess of $200 million. So well match the first half of the year plus a little bit more, I would imagine. Weve got some very attractive projects in the shale areas that were working with really good producers on. We stay in close contact with them, as we said and if they throttle back, we throttle back, and well see a little bit of that this year, but well spend the majority of that $277 million.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: It looks like from the guidance that youve provided for the full year, it implies kind of earnings in the second half above what you put up in the first half? I suppose part of that is just normal seasonality, but as it relates to field services and the pipe specifically, would you expect relatively stable financial performance in terms of operating profit in the second half of the year versus what you posted in first half of the year?
David McClanahan: I think so. Well have to watch on the field services side volumes, to make sure that with the more conventional areas, drilling really falling off. Well start seeing some of that start impacting us later on this year, but we think we have more than that coming online with these new projects. So we probably should see about the same level and then of course, the commodity sensitive part of both pipelines and field services, its anybodys guess there, but we think it ought to be pretty much the same as the first half of the year.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: You mentioned that this year its going to be 75%, 25% fee based, and that was higher in 2008. Can you just give me some kind of broad sense as to what that was in 2008? Was it 60% or 50% fee based?
David McClanahan: Lets see if I can do this. Its probably more like 60%.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Then final question for Gary, on the securitization, you mentioned that the cash proceeds will be dependent upon how the PUC treats deferred taxes. I guess you guys had a fairly substantial deferred tax benefit in 2008. Can you just bracket what the potential cash, what the potential range of outcomes respective of treatment of deferred taxes is in terms of cash in the door later this year?
Gary Whitlock: I think part of it is binary in terms of whether they decide to do it on a gross or net basis on that, but let me just kind of give you these numbers, because it really is to the extent the PUC decides to reduce the amount by the present value of the deferred taxes, then it depends of course upon the trenching and the tenor of the bonds, whether its 14 years or 10 years.  So you need some of that information as well, but I think youd probably think of around $100 million would be the number. Again, thats something that theyre looking at as we speak. So well know more about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just wanted to ask, if could you give us an update on the Texas Supreme Court case, if theres anything? 
David McClanahan: Ill ask Scott Rozzell to give you an update.
Scott Rozzell: Oral argument is set before the Texas Supreme Court on both the true up appeal and the associated CTC interest rate appeal for October 6. So thats about on the schedule that weve been anticipating all year. As you know, the court doesnt have a required date by which it has to act, but I think we would expect to get a decision from them in the first half of 10.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Also, I think you mentioned something about pension expense deferrals related to the gas businesses, but could you just discuss, I think there are some efforts to try to defer the pension expense or do some type of regulatory solution to higher pension expense at the Houston Electric. Could you just give us an update on that?
David McClanahan: Houston electric, we are able to defer our pension expense increases. We had a little bit increase in the first quarter, but essentially from here on out were deferring those increases. In the gas side, we dont have the same mechanism in place that we cant defer. We are talking with some of our regulators and staff about different ways that we might approach that short of having to file a rate increase, but at this stage, were not deferring any of that.  So its fully hitting the earnings, and I think its a fairly substantial amount, $10 million or so in the second quarter and $20 million so far this year. So, if you look at the gas LDCs earnings and you look at where they would have been, but for this, were having an awful good year. Its just unfortunately; we dont have any way to defer this.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: The NRG takeover of Reliant Energy on the retail business is now your largest customer in Houston Electric, and you noted something about lower bad debt expense. Could you just talk us through theres been any changes in relationship there and how thats playing out? Thank you.
David McClanahan: Yes. Not really. We havent had any changes. We have a good relationship with NRG and we did with the old Reliant, as well. We had a half a dozen or so REPs that went under last year during these really high electric price areas, and we havent seen a repeat of that. So, the improvement weve had is really the fact that the markets havent had those kinds of impacts so far.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst - BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Just a few follow ups, can I just clarify what we were talking about with respect to the stimulus application that if we get the 200 million, if the DOE were to approve that. That really were just going to be reducing the total project costs. So, effectively we can look at it at the same sort of debt-equity split, if you will in returns, we just reduce that project by 200 million?
David McClanahan: Yes, thats true, Carl, except that $150 million goes to the advanced metering project, which is the project we announced earlier this year. Theres $50 million that goes to what we call the intelligent grid, which is automation of the distribution system, which was not part of the advanced metering system.  It is new for us and that would advance something that we actually werent going to start for a couple of years. It just improves the operation of the system, better service restoration, and better monitoring sensors throughout the system.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Then lastly just a quick question on the $14 million of carrying costs of debt costs so, is that basically a true-up, if you will, from the interest expense basically beginning from September 11 or whenever Ike hit us?
David McClanahan: Thats right. That is a calculated number, and it offset interest expense that weve been incurring and recording since we started incurring these [arbitration] costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co. : I was wondering if I could get clarity on your comment about the effective tax rate for the year of 35%. I may have missed something, because I had thought that it would be a bit higher than that based on guidance from earlier in the year.
Gary Whitlock: No, thats correct, Debra. Earlier in the year, we said 37% to 38%, but weve been able to settle two outstanding years with the Internal Revenue Service. Then based on those moving parts, what were guiding you now is to use an annual rate of 35%. So, you had it right before. We just have lowered that.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co. : Was there a one-time gain of some sort in this particular quarter, because the tax rate was even lower than 35% this quarter?
Gary Whitlock: Thats right, I think some of it is reflected in this quarter, and some will be reflected in subsequent quarters, but you put it all together it was 35% rate for the full year, and it was 33% in this quarter, thats right.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.: Could that put you at the higher end of your guidance? It seems like its $0.03 per share?
Gary Whitlock: If you move it from the 37% to 35% or 38% to 35%, its $0.03 to $0.04. So think about $0.04, but again we provide a range between $1.05 and to $1.15. So there were a number of moving parts and certainly that was a positive when looking at the total, thats correct.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.: The other question I had pertained to the trailing ROE at the electric company of roughly 10%. Do you know what that figure would be roughly if you normalized for Hurricane Ike effect?
David McClanahan: Hurricane Ike really didnt impact us that much, Debra. It took away $17 million of revenue, but there was about $11 million or $12 million of expenses we did not incur as a result of that. So well incur them later really whats happen, we just deferred some stuff. So, net impact is $5 million or so $6 million. So I dont think it really changes the result any.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Dudack.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack: I just have two more questions. One, do you already have a sense of what the output was in July in your electric distribution? It seems that you had above average demand.
David McClanahan: I think we did have an above average demand. I dont have those numbers in front of me, but I would suspect that were talking about $5 million, $10 million of base revenue that we could receive as a result of this unusually warm weather.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack: Better than last year, I guess comparable?
David McClanahan: Last year was not as warm as this year. If the second quarter that was not true. Actually, 08 was a little warmer overall than 09. I think July was a very hot month relative to last year. Well get some benefit from that.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack: The SESH pipeline, does this first half, roughly, represent a normal return for you or there are so many pieces in there, that its really not very representative?
David McClanahan: I hope its not representative. Theres a few things that are going on. One, as you might recall, we took a $5 million hit, because we came off at $71 million in the first quarter, so you need to adjust that. We had a fair amount of capacity that we sold, but it comes in overtime. We hadnt sold a lot of that this year and theres a couple hundred million a day of capacity there that weve been selling, trying to sell on a short term or an interruptible basis. So I really dont think were going see a normalized run level until we get all these contracts in effect, which is going to be a year or two down the road. Hopefully its going to get better than what weve seen this year.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack: Next year will be better, and then it should be?
David McClanahan: I think next year is going to be better, but this is not going to be the same profitability level as our Carthage to Perryville pipeline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Just a couple clarification questions, the demand data you presented is weather adjusted, is it not?
David McClanahan: On the electric side?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
David McClanahan: No, those are raw
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Those are raw numbers. Just a quick follow-up, obviously C&I business was pretty lackadaisical. Are you at all seeing signs of recovery in the C&I section?
David McClanahan: Weve seen both customers that were having to put on prepay and new customers that were able to sell to. Volumes are off a little bit on the retail side, but by and large I think our retail business has been pretty solid this year, especially given the economy. I think where weve seen that the most weakness is in the wholesale sector, because theres just not a lot of a seasonal variation in basis that weve seen in the past. Now, the second quarter is historically a very mild the lowest quarter of the year from a wholesale side, but the business is doing okay on the retail side. I think the wholesale side is where were seeing a little weakness.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Are you seeing any signs of recovery on the wholesale side?
David McClanahan: Not a lot at this stage.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  Im assuming the July weather is equally as cooperative so far as month of June. Is that correct? 
David McClanahan: Yes.
Marianne Paulson: Okay, I think thats it. Thank you very much to everyone. I would like to thank you for participating on our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes the CenterPoint Energys second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 11:30:00) =====
Executives: David McClanahan - President & Chief Executive Officer Gary Whitlock - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research Group Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Scott Sanjac - Decade Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Faisel Khan - Citi Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Debra Bromberg - Jefferies Mark Rogers - Gagnon Securities Amit Sakiar - Deutsche Bank Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energys first quarter 2009 earnings conference call with Senior Management. During the companies prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after managements remarks. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulson.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning everyone, this Marianne Paulsen Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. Id like to welcome you to our first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO, and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2009 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to David McClanahan and Gary Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the investor section. I would like to remind you any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the companys filings with the SEC. Before Mr. Mc Clannahan begins Id like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, May 6, 2009. To access the replay please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 94424104. You can also listen to the online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energys website for at least one year and with that I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan:  Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning we reported net income of $67 million for the first quarter or $0.19 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $122 million or $0.36 per diluted share for the same period of 2008. Operating income for the first quarter of 2009 was $285 million, compared to $336 million for the same period of 2008. While on its face this may look like a disappointing quarter, I believe we had better operating performance than the reported numbers would indicate. Included in our earnings are mark-to-market charges and natural gas inventory write-downs of almost $25 million. These charges are primarily a matter of timing and are expected to turnaround as the year progresses. We also incurred a charge of almost $12 million related to our ZENS securities as a result of the change in the value of the Time Warner stock being greater than the associated derivative liability. Without the impact from these items, our earnings would have been approximately $0.26 per diluted share, more inline with the first quarter expectations. Let me give you a little more detail regarding the performance of each of our business segments, beginning with Houston Electric. Our regulated transmission and distribution utility, Houston Electric reported operating income of $37 million compared to $54 million in 2008. The decline in operating income was the result of two primary factors. The largest impact was from reduced throughput, which had a negative impact of $18 million. This was partially due to mild weather and partially due to conservation. While I think its too early to draw any longer term conclusion, it appears that our customers were more energy conscience in this first quarter. The second factor was the increased pension expense of $5 million. Partially offsetting these two factors was an increase in customers of nearly 35,000, since the first quarter of last year and increased transmission revenues, primarily from a tariff change implemented last fall. Beyond this quarter, we do not expect pension expense to impact earnings at Houston Electric as we will be able to defer any increase for consideration in Houston Electrics next general rate case. Under Texas law, an electric utility may elect to defer changes in pension expense over a base year which in our case was 2007. We made this election in the first quarter of this year and will defer approximately $29 million in pension expense this year. As many of you may be aware, Houston Electric is in the process of installing an advanced metering system as the result of a settlement agreement approved by the Texas PUC in December. Weve installed 10,000 smart meters in the first two months of the program and are on target to deploy approximately 145,000 smart meters by the end of the year. Over the next five years, we will deploy approximately 2.4 million smart meters across our service territory at a capital cost of approximately $640 million. We are recovering the cost through a surcharge that went into effect in February. Because of the structure of this tariff and the timing of deployment, we expect the project will have a small negative impact on cash flow and a small positive impact on earnings in 2009. Now, Ill turn to our natural gas distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $118 million, a slight decline from the $121 million we reported for the first quarter of 2008.  Benefits from rate changes and miscellaneous revenues totaling approximately $13 million were more than offset by increased pension expense of $9 million and reduced customer usage which had a $6 million negative impact. Unlike our electric utility, we are not able to defer the increases in our pension expense at our gas utilities. We continue to pursue rate mechanisms to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold to help mitigate the trends of reduced customer usage. As an example, in our Texas Coast jurisdiction, we recently gained an approval for an annual cost of service adjustment mechanism to recognize changes in usage, operating costs and rate base. As we mentioned on our last call, we filed a request with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission last November to increase our Minnesota rates by approximately $60 million and implemented a $51 million interim rate increase in January, which is subject to refund. As part of the filing, we asked to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. We do not expect final action on our request until early next year. Our competitive natural gas sales and services segment reported operating income of $2 million for the first quarter of 2009 compared to $6 million for 2008. The decline in income was primarily a result of $6 million in write-downs of natural gas inventory to the lower of average cost or market. In addition, we regarded mark-to-market charges of $19 million compared to charges of $22 million last year, associated with derivatives we use to lock in economic gains. Excluding these charges, our energy services business was essentially unchanged from last year and consistent with our expectations for the quarter. Now Ill discuss our interstate pipeline unit. Interstate pipelines recorded operating income of $69 million for the first quarter of this year compared to $71 million for 2008. Phase III of our Carthage to Perryville pipeline was put into service last April, resulting in higher operating income this quarter. In addition, we had greater off system sales and incremental firm revenues related to new power generation facilities on our system. These benefits were more than offset by increased expenses in part due to higher pension expense and reduced ancillary service revenues. In early March, we announced that we had executed a definitive agreement with Chesapeake Energy Marketing to transport their growing Haynesville Shale natural gas production through our Carthage to Perryville pipeline. There are two aspects to this agreement. The first part which began earlier this month provides for a 27 month backhaul agreement of up to 500 million cubic feet per day. The second part is long terms forward haul agreements, which provides for 230 million cubic feet per day of firm transportation capacity or over 80% of the total capacity of the Carthage to Perryville Phase IV expansion, which is projected to be in service in April of 2010. This agreement is an example of our strategy of emphasizing firm, fee-based transportation revenues on our system. This year, we expect 90% of our interstate pipelines margin to come from fee-based firm transportation services. The other 10% will come from ancillary services such as park and loan service, treating and processing and balancing services. As you know, these ancillary services are driven by market dynamics, natural gas prices and natural gas liquids prices and provide upside beyond the more predictable and consistent fee-based revenue. The Southeast Supply Header or SESH, our joint venture with Spectra, was placed in commercial operation last September and began flowing gas primarily to the Florida markets. While SESH has contracted for all but 80 million cubic feet of the 1 billion cubic feet per day of capacity, some of that capacity commitments phase in over the first three years. We had expected that most of the remaining available capacity would be sold on an interruptible basis, but market conditions limited such sales. Now let me discuss our field services segment. We reported operating income of $26 million for the first quarter of 2009 compared to $45 million last year. Last years operating income benefited by $17 million from the sale of non-strategic assets and the settlement of a contractual dispute. Excluding these prior year gains, operating income for field services was essentially on par with last year. Increased fee-based revenues from new wells added to our gathering system since last year offset the revenue declines we experienced from reduced natural gas and natural gas liquids prices. We are projecting that fee-based revenues will account for approximately 75% of this years margin. The remaining portion is sensitive to commodity volumes and prices. We have locked in prices for a substantial amount of the projected volumes that are sensitive to natural gas prices. In addition to operating income, we also recorded equity income of $2 million from our jointly owned natural gas processing facilities compared to $4 million the previous year. The decline was primarily due to lower liquids prices, which are about one half of last years price levels. While drilling activity in the conventional basins is down over 50% year-over-year, activity in the unconventional Shale areas, particularly the Haynesville, Woodford and Fayetteville Shale has been minimally affected with producer activity remaining steady. Most of our growth projects for this year are concentrated in these shale areas. In closing, Id like to remind you of the $0.19 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 23. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence that the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I will now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. Today, I would like to discuss a couple of items to review, beginning with the process of recovering our costs related to Hurricane Ike. Earlier this month, a bill was passed by the Texas legislature and signed by Governor Perry that provides a legal basis for us to issue non-recourse storm cost recovery securitization bonds, similar to the three series of transition bonds we issued to recover stranded costs. Storm costs recovery securitization bonds have the dual benefit of allowing us to recover our hurricane costs in a timely fashion and lowering the ultimate cost to consumers. The legislation which also covers any future storms authorizes the Texas Public Utility Commission to review storm restoration cost and issue an appropriate financing order.  On April 17, we filed an application with the PUC detailing our storm restoration costs. We requested recovery of $678 million which is composed of $608 million in system restoration cost and $70 million in regulatory expenses, certain debt issuance cost and carrying cost. In the next two weeks, we expect to file an application for a financing order with the PUC to request permission to issue bonds to recover distribution system portion, estimated to be approximately $657 million. We hope to complete the regulatory process and issue bonds late this summer. We would recover the transmission portion, an estimated $21 million through our next transmission rate case. This leads me to my second topic, our 2009 earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release, we announced that we reaffirmed our 2009 earnings guidance range of $1.05 to $1.15 per diluted share. In providing our guidance, we considered various economic operational regulatory assumptions including recovery of cost associated with Hurricane Ike. We have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities and we have not attempted to predict the effects of mark-to-market or inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and services businesses. These effects are timing related and ultimately do not effect the economics of our underlying transactions. In addition, we have excluded any impact to income from the change in value of Time Warner stock and the related ZENS securities and we have assumed an effective tax rate of 39% for the full year. At the year unfolds, we will continue to update you on these items as well as our earnings expectation. Now Id like to thank you for your interest in our company and Ill turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen:  Thank you, Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions and in the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Thank you and our first question will come from the line of Danielle Seitz with Seitz Research Group.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research Group: Thank you. I was wondering if you are looking at cost productions in some of your businesses or should we look at the trend of operating cost as normal for the year?
David McClanahan: Good morning, Danielle. I think I would necessarily try to take the first quarter and use that as a trend. As you know, theres always noise in looking at just one quarter. We are trying to hold the line on expenses. As you also know Im sure, about 60% of our costs are labor and benefits and we dont have any significant changes planned there, but we absolutely are trying to control expenses where we can, delay expenditures that arent absolutely necessary at this time, so weve got our eye on that ball.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research Group: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Hi. Could you give us an understanding of how much this conservation issue is bearing down on your numbers? Is it most of the difference; is it a very small portion and how do you know that this is actually happening?
David McClanahan:  Good question Lasan; were obviously focused on it. As I said, about $18 million of revenues were lost from reduced usage. Probably about $3 million or $4 million of that is related to our commercial and industrial class. Weve seen along the ship channel some cutback by our big industrial users and we have demand ratchets and overtime that ratchets down a little.  The other side, $13 million, $14 million is in fact in the residential class and we can explain part of that with weather, but not all of it with weather. This winter, we had fewer HDD days, heating degree days, but we cant say they were of a different quality because it was a very dry winter and we had lots of kind of space between cold days and we tend to not have as much heating load as a result of that; but I would say that at least half of it is conservation related and it could be a little bit more.  The first quarter is not a good time to be trying to draw any conclusions on the electric side, because thats not our largest load time as you know. Beginning late in the second quarter and then the third quarter are the times that we have our biggest electric sales and thats what were really focused on. Our estimate for last year, 2008, was we saw about a 2% conservation impact in the residential area and we had continued and thought wed see some of that trend continue, but this was beyond our expectations. So were watching it closely. I think its too early to predict it to trend, but I think customers are conserving more than they had been.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. Just quickly on the continuous equity program, can you tell us why you want to do this as opposed to being one shot?
Gary Whitlock: Hi, Lasan. Good morning, this is Gary. Just to remind you on the continuous offering program which is $150 million; as I said in last quarters earnings call we think this is a tool that weve put in our tool box. Weve not issued to-date, but I want to remind you that weve raised approximately $30 million in the first quarter in equity around our savings plan, our investor choice plan that we let you guys know about last year. Lasan, I think our rationale remains the same in terms of a capital raise. We think in terms of permanent financing, its important to have the appropriate mix of debt and equity in our capital structure to execute our business plan. We have a $1.1 billion capital plan reflecting we think some excellent projects with very solid returns and our financing plans for the accretive products include equity.  I think the question then is, does a continuous offering program versus the marketed program, we just think we reserve the right to do either, but certainly I think a continuous operating program is a tool in our tool box.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So, its just a tool, but you arent necessarily 100% committed to it?
Gary Whitlock: What were committed to is a capital structure that allows us to execute a business plan. Thats what were really committed to.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Good morning everybody. If I could start maybe just back on the conservation issue, lower usage per meter on both the LDC front and the electric front seems to be about 10%, a little bit more than I think we had expected as well. Its obviously too early to build that in; the summer is going to be the peak for the electric, but can I ask you with respect to what youre using in your guidance range, what your expectations are for the rest of this year?
David McClanahan:  Lets take each one of them separately. Theres at least half of the electric residential conservation that we hadnt predicted for the first quarter, but weve taken that into account in reaffirming our guidance, but were assuming that therell be a little conservation and weather will be normal, but were not counting on 5% or 10% conservation; Ill assure you of that. On the gas side, we expected a continuation of the trend that we had seen in the past, which is about 2% a year reduction in residential usage. I think the first quarter was a little bit more than that when you normalized it for weather, but not a huge amount different. Were really kind of right on I think our plan for the LDC, so as long as we continue to see this level I think well be all right there.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay, appreciate the color there and then just kind of clarification here and understand there is a lot that goes into the guidance range as far as pluses and minuses, but just to make sure Im on the same page. When the pension deferral was noted, that $29 million, is that relative to the $88 million that was talked about earlier in the year or had the $88 million already sort of excluded the $29 million that was going to be deferred?
David McClanahan:  No, the $88 million didnt. Youd have to take the $29 million off the $88 million.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay, fair enough. Ill jump back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Scott Sanjac [ph] with Decade.
Scott Sanjac - Decade: Hi, actually my question was about the pension, but just another thing I kind was to ask through it, but can you just explain the precedence in the state for filing for pension deferral again?
David McClanahan: Yes, back in 2005, there was a change to the Public Utility Regulatory Act, which provided that utilities may set up a reserve for changes in pension expense from their last rate case or if it wasnt specified in the rate case, then the first year after a rate case. We had our last rate case in 2006. It was a settled case, so we had no details and therefore 2007 was the base year that we work-off of. So any changes from the base year, you can set up a reserve for and ask for a request. In 08 it was actually less than the amount in 07. Obviously with this change, its a big change and we decided, Lets go back and just catch up for 08 and we did that in the first quarter of 09 and now were deferring all of these dollars going forward, until the next general rate case.
Scott Sanjac - Decade: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Leon Duval with Catapult.
Leon Duval - Catapult: My questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Scott Engstrom with Blenheim Capital.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital: Question, the tax rate looked a little high to me in the quarter. I wondered, if that was due to the ZENS write down or if you could just discuss if thats, if youve changed your expectation for tax rate on the year, and then also maybe just a little reminder on some of the ZEN accounting issues with that, will the index security catch up with the write-down on the common or could you just talk about that for a second?
Gary Whitlock: Okay, this is Gary. In terms of the tax rate, weve previously indicated 37% to 38% rate for the full year. Really the changes have been based on more knowledge around the Unitary Tax allocations. Of course when you get through the previous tax year, youre able to understand those tax allocations or Unitary Tax allocations in the states that we do business.  So, in this quarter we actually had $4 million catch up related to the Unitary Tax allocation and the Texas margins tax as well. Based on that, we looked at the rate going forward and in terms of providing guidance to you, we think 39% is more in line to use this year and its really driven by the allocations related to Unitary Tax. In terms of ZENS, the real driver there and again to remind you of the ZENS security, this is our lowest cost debt in our capital structure, it will be with us until 2029. The accounting for it is really related to the Time Warner shares and the evaluation of this derivative. So, I wouldnt describe them as timing, but they move based on at least the mark-to-market if you will and the Time Warner shares will depend on the value of the Time Warner stocks. There are two of those stocks now and maybe three if they spin-off AOL at some point. So, I think you need to exclude those, theyre non-operational. They will move and certainly could come back and frankly be favorable for the year, but I think its best to exclude them. They dont really impact the economic, when you look at ZENS from an economic perspective at least.
David McClanahan: I think if you go back and look at the history, some years theres a small loss, some years theres a small gain. I think Time Warner stock has been under a lot of pressure, it got pretty low and it got a little bit disconnected to the opposite direction where the derivative was going. Hopefully, this will get back in line in the future, but I think its really hard to tell around just whats going to happen to these Time Warner stocks.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital: Youre saying based on history, theres a decent chance that they will move back, but theres nothing that is guarantees that they would moved back more in line?
David McClanahan: Thats correct.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital: Youre saying the tax rate on this quarter, there is a $4 million catch up from 08, is that what you were saying?
Gary Whitlock: Theres a $4 million, as you know as you go through the determination of Unitary Tax, you really need to know the revenue in each of those jurisdictions, and yes theres a $4 million, I guess you could call it a catch up, but an adjustment to insure that we have those allocations correct.  Therefore going forward, thats why Ive guided you to for this year, using a 39% tax rate. Look, certainly were going to try and improve upon that as we do the best tax management we possibly can of course, but thats where we are at the moment.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital :  And then just a last follow-up on that; so all other things being equal then, you would expect the tax rate to be lower in 10 versus 09 based on this unitary tax catch up?
Gary Whitlock:  I would hope, yes. I think the short answer is yes, because you would expect to come back inline with a normalized rate which is to remind you of your corporate income tax rate, plus the tax rate in the various states in which we do business and of course Scott as you know thats subject to change, depending on the amount of business we do in each state.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital : Right. Thanks very much guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Good morning guys. On the Carthage to Perryville expansion, the Phase IV, 80% is signed up with Chesapeake. Given thats the expansion, do you just roll those volumes until your current rates and then what would that mean for the return on capital on that project?
David McClanahan:  What we do is those are negotiated contracts, so its really whatever the market will bear more than anything. I think our max rate on our system is $0.25, but these are negotiated rates and the cost of that Phase IV expansion is about $80 million. We spent a little bit in 08. I think were going to spend a little less than $60 million this year, but its a good solid project to get almost $275 million of additional capacity.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Is it fair to say that the return on expansion will be better than the initial build out of the pipeline?
David McClanahan: Yes, I think thats right. Id have to double check, but instinctively I feel like thats right.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Okay. From your comments on the electric side of the equation, on the T&D business, is it fair to say given that most of your demand is in the summer, that during the summer the demand is fairly in-elastic to cooling degree days versus in the winter where its more of a heating degree day driven phenomenon which is a little bit more flexible, the demand?
David McClanahan:  Once it reaches a given temperature and a given humidity, I think youre right. It doesnt matter what the cooling degrees days are. Once its 95% and 95% humidity, I think the air conditioners stay on. Kind of line in the wintertime in Minnesota, once it gets cold, heaters dont go off that much, but there is some demand elasticity. Last summer, when electric rates spiked because natural gas prices were up so high, they were $0.15 to $0.17 a kilowatt hour, we thought we detected some conservation on the part of our customers which was truly a response from these higher electric rates. Electric rates have since gone down significantly. Today they are probably more $0.12 range, so you can see theyve declined a lot and I think that will also have some impact this coming summer.
Faisel Khan - Citi: Okay. Understood, thanks for the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning. The operating profit that you generated in field services quarter, would you expect that to be a reasonable quarterly run rate for the year or do you expect performance to deviate substantially one way or the other?
David McClanahan:  Field services is pretty consistent from quarter-to-quarter, unless you have significant changes in liquid prices or commodity prices. I dont think its a bad run rate, I dont think necessarily we use that as a guide, but its not a bad rate. Its pretty consistent quarter-to-quarter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: At least the fee-based portion of your business should be running at around that quarterly run rate? Theres no kind of sharp acceleration or fall off in the back half of the year?
David McClanahan:  No. We continue to add volumes to our system and as we add volumes, you have some increase in your fee-based revenues. We have certainly seen increases in fee-based revenues since last year and its kind of gradual over the year as these wells come on. So, I expect we will continue to see some increase in fee-based revenues this year, because weve got a lot of new projects were working on.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: What was the capital spending in fuel services in the quarter?
Gary Whitlock: Just a second, well get it.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Perhaps while youre looking for that, just any comments, I think you said last call or in the end of 08 that you expect 2009 would shape up to be a very strong year in field services, but there was a tremendous amount of uncertainty around 2010. Im just curious if youve gotten anymore color as to your view of the market and how that might develop in 2010?
David McClanahan: Okay, the CapEx was about $38 million in the first quarter. 2009, weve got four or five very large projects. We have the largest capital program that weve had since Ive been around here, almost $270 million in field services, really related to these big projects in the shale areas.  Those are very attractive projects for us and we stay in very, very close contact as youd expect with producers, because were basically following the producers. When they have wells that are ready to go to market, we got to be there with them, but if they slowdown, we slowdown. So far, we think were going to spend on the order of that $270 million. It could be a little less if some of the well drilling slows down. As we look out to 2010, its a little bit harder, but we see a lot of activity in these shale areas and thats where we think well continue to get new projects. I think weve got something like $140 million of projected capital expenditures in 10. So you can see were a lot less than we were in 09 and its because were completing some of these larger projects.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you. The SESH results for the quarter, if you strip out the charge, the profit was around $3 million. Is that kind of the run rate we should expect for SESH?
David McClanahan: Well, I hope not. We dont think so. That rate, as you know theres probably 20% of that Bcf a day capacity thats not giving a demand capacity payment for this year, because it phases in over the first one or two years, three years.  We had expected that we are going to be able to sell quite a bit of that on an interruptible basis or a short term firm, but the Florida markets demand is down over there and theres lots of gas coming into that area, so, I think that the basis has been really squeezed and we just dont see as much activity there yet.  If you have a good, hot summer, things could change a lot. I dont think I would guide you to using the first quarter as a trend line. Well just have to wait and see how this year unfolds.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So I guess, can we say that at a minimum it should be that and if you were able to market some excess capacity youll do better?
David McClanahan: I would hope that a minimum, its at least that and yes.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. When the project finance or the SESH financing that you discussed in the past, can you talk about the status of that?
David McClanahan: Yes. Gary is going to take that.
Gary Whitlock: If you look at that, obviously this projects fairly new in to service and were working with Spectra Steve, at the moment. As you know, those markets have been a bit choppy. Ill call it the project finance markets although stabilizing a bit. So, were still in the process of evaluating that, both the need to do the financing and when to do it and what the rates would look like and really sitting down with our partner and talking that through, so no news at the moment on that one.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, and finally the deferral of pension expense for Houston Electric, was that part of your original guidance or is that something youve elected to do subsequent to issuing guidance?
Gary Whitlock: Well, I think when we say its part of our original guidance and again that we had a range, we were certainly at the time looking into what we could defer, so we had some expectations, but there are moving parts in that guidance. I would say a portion of it certainly was in the guidance, but perhaps not all of it. 
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: But the way to think about it is you identified when you reported Q4 what you expected the total pension expense to be the increase and now the total increase hasnt changed. Its just that theres some portion of that you can defer?
Gary Whitlock:  No, thats exactly right. If you recall, what we said at the time and by the way were still working hard on our gas jurisdictions in terms of deferral there as well. What we said is we wanted to be conservative, so we gave you the outward number 88. I believe the $88 million is now $59 million based on the amount were able to defer and were going to continue to work on the gas side of this as well. So we want to be conservative when we gave you that guidance.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: The equity increase in the quarter was around $30 million?
Gary Whitlock:  Around $30 million, thats correct, mainly driven by our savings plan.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: My understanding was your total equity plan for the year was $150 million, should we think of that as going towards that amount or would this be incremental to the $150 million that you intended to achieve through a drip issuance?
Gary Whitlock: We said really two things in terms of not to repeat myself on our overall objectives for our capital structure to support our business plan, but they were additive to each other. In other words, obviously you could do a marketed transaction, we could do the continuous offering in our tool box, but its additive in terms of our benefit programs, but you dont take the $30 million and extrapolate that each quarter, because it depends on how those plans are funded at certain times. This was mainly the savings plan in this quarter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I guess I was taking it as you put out a CapEx forecast for 09 and based on that CapEx forecast, you had a certain external financing requirement and that external financing requirement included around $150 million of equity.
Gary Whitlock:  It includes $150 million of equity and it includes also the equity we raised normally through our benefit plans.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, thank you very much for your time.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Debra Bromberg with Jefferies.
Debra Bromberg  Jefferies: Hi, good morning. The O&M at the electric company, looks like it increased about $20 million in the quarter, but I think you said that pension was about $5 million of that, so I was just wondering what the key drivers were for the other $15 million.  Then also just as a follow-up on the pension, I think last quarter I had asked about how much of the $88 million of higher pension expense was expected at the electric company and you had estimated about $41 million. It sounds like that amount is lower now or if you take the $29 million deferral and the $5 million that you booked in the quarter, it looks like its closer to $34 million. So I just want to make sure Im not missing something on that.
David McClanahan:  The numbers you quoted are correct. The latest numbers are I think a refinement of the earlier numbers, because now were expecting to do $29 million and we expensed $5 million, but as you know we had a catch up from 08 when we made this election, so thats the difference between the $41 million and the $35 million. Theres a whole bunch of nickels and dimes, but I think transmission costs are the biggest. Its almost $9 million of that and thats a big part of the increase besides the pension. Theres a bunch of just small things and nothing else jumps out off the page at you.
Debra Bromberg  Jefferies: Is the higher transmission cost within expectations, because I know you recover some of that rate.
David McClanahan:  Its pretty close. We have to estimate what the key cost matrix is for the year, which gives us how much others will bill to us and so its close. Its a little bit higher than we thought, but its pretty close.
Debra Bromberg  Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Rogers with Gagnon Securities.
Mark Rogers  Gagnon Securities: Thank you. My question is regarding your smart meter rollout. I was just wondering how you have modified your schedule, either decelerated or accelerated the schedule since youve decided to go with smart meters and then I have a follow-up.
David McClanahan:  The schedule were on today is the schedule we got agreement with all of the parties to our case last fall and its the one the PUC approved, so its not any different. Were going to roll this thing out over five years. This year it will be 145,000 and then kind of ratably after that. So, I think that were really on schedule with what we said were going to do.
Mark Rogers  Gagnon Securities: Okay, and then as uncertainty seems to loom over this space regarding technology standards and communication protocols, I was wondering if the arguments with the standards committee evolves into deciding one technology or platform is simply better or is worthy of stimulus dollars over another. What is the flexibility that you have in going back to your vendors, asking them if they have a compliant technology platform and if they dont, canceling that contract?
David McClanahan: Well, theres probably a lot in there that I cant answer, but weve pushed for open architecture of all these systems, so we can have interchangeable vendors and were using the communication protocols that lots of other folks are looking at and using. So, there is a lot of discussion around trying to standardize more around this. We know that and were following it closely and were part of those discussions, but I dont think theres anything there that is going to impact our rollout that weve seen anyway.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Securities: Okay, and then if I may just one quick follow-up. If you could define some of your major use cases that youre hoping the initial 10,000 or if you will 140,000 by year end smart meters have proven out, what would those be? In other words, what are your smart meters trying to achieve?
David McClanahan: They are going to be fully two-way communicable. Were going to automatically read all these 145,000. Were going to take 15 minute interval readings and those readings are going to be available through a portal, through retail energy providers, so they can provide time of day rates and we can start seeing exactly how customers will respond.  Were going to provide small little devices in homes that can be communicated with by the meter that can keep track of usage and part of the home area network, so theres lot of things on that front; were facilitating all of this. There is going to be other parties that have to participate as well. As you know, we dont sell electricity, we deliver electricity. Somebody else is going to have to provide the time of use rates, but were going to make all of the data available so they can do it and customers can take advantage of it.
Mark Rogers - Gagnon Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Amit Sarkar with Deutsche Bank.
Amit Sakiar - Deutsche Bank: My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Appreciate the time guys, just two very quick ones on SESH. Gary, just wasnt sure if you were going this way or not, but just on the project financing side. Without the short term capacity being sold just yet, is the project financing really more a matter of what the bond market rates are doing or is it really more kind of getting that capacity sold?
Gary Whitlock: No. I think its really both Carl. I think clearly the market although a bit better, I think is really the optimum financing sector and we have to make that determination. So, I think its a combination of the two.  Clearly, if were going to sell bonds, we need to have probably a bit more clarity as to what the profitability will be, both in the near term and more importantly the longer term depending on the tender of the bonds, so I think thats certainly a variable. I think certainly the market is improving in our ability to go to market. I think theyre connected to each other and thats the work were doing now with our partner at Spectra.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Thats fair enough and then just a quick clarification. The equity earnings that are reported and discussed, are those pre-tax is that after-tax; just trying to figure out where that is?
Gary Whitlock: Thats pre-tax.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our final question will come from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: We just want to revisit the pension. You deferred $29 million, is that correct?
David McClanahan: No, not yet. We expect as we go throughout this year, thats what would have been expensed and now we will be able to defer it and ask for recovery in a future rate case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, you said you might do this on the natural gas side as well?
David McClanahan: Well, were working hard with our regulators and with other legislators to see if we can get something going on this front. We have a little bit of that already when we have automatic cost adjustment clauses, where if we have an increase in pension in a given year, we get to increase or reflect that in our rates the following year, but in our biggest jurisdictions which are in Texas and Minnesota, we dont have those kind of features, so were looking to try to work something on that front and see if we can get a similar treatment. It would appear to me if the electric utilities in Texas can do it, why cant the gas utilities and thats what were talking to regulators about and I think in Minnesota, were right in the middle of a rate case and were going to be able to make sure they are fully aware of the increased costs there and hopefully get those reflected in our base rates, once the new rates are set.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thank you very much.
David McClanahan: Okay. Thank you very much Paul.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay well thank you very much everyone. I would like to thank you for participating on our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes CentralPoint Energys first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-25 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director, IR David McClanahan - President and CEO Gary Whitlock - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets  Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citigroup Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company Carl Seligson - Utility Financial
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2008 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. (Operator instructions) I will now like to turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Christie. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I would like to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2008 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-K filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 pm Central Time through Wednesday, March 4, 2009. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 81005183. You can also listen to an online reply of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year.  And with that, I will now turn the call to David McClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. 2008 was a very good year for the company our electric and natural gas utilities had very solid performances. And our interstate pipelines and fuel services units turned in exceptional results. Each year since our formation in 2002 we have improved upon a very solid foundation and 2008 was no different. Not only did we strength each of our business units we also improved the company's overall financial flexibility and strength. As we face an economy in decline and uncertain energy markets, I believe that the company is well positioned to confront these challenges and emerge even stronger. This morning I will discuss our 2008 financial results as well as describe the plans and prospects for each business unit as we head into 2009. Let me begin with an overview of our fourth quarter 2008 results. This morning we reported net income of $87 million for the fourth quarter or $0.25 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $108 million or $0.32 per share for the same period of 2007. The reduction in net income for the fourth quarter is in large part due to higher income taxes as the effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2007 was substantially lower than 2008. Operating income of $303 million was unchanged from the fourth quarter of 2007. Our gas distribution business posted an increase in operating income of almost $7 million due to reduced expenses. Our energy services business also reported a $7 million increase in operating income primarily a result of value captured from seasonal price differentials. Despite continued solid customer growth at Houston Electric we recorded reduced operating income of $10 million stemming primarily from higher transmission costs billed to us by other transmission providers. Our field services business contributed $2 million more as a result of increased throughput while our interstate pipeline's operating income was $5 million lower due to reduced ancillary services and higher operating expenses. Let me now turn to our full-year 2008 performance. Overall 2008 was a very good year for us and we continue to make progress in achieving our business and financial objectives. Net income for 2008 was $447 million, or $1.30 per diluted share, compared to $399 million, or $1.17 per diluted share, for 2007. Operating income increased by almost $100 million to $1.273 billion in 2008. Let me give you a little bit more detail regarding the performance of each of our business segments beginning with Houston Electric. Houston Electric reported operating income of $407 million compared to $400 million in 2007. Beginning in 2008, the Texas margin tax was classifieds as an income tax and thus did not impact operating income. The 2007 operating income however was reduced by $19 million due to the previous state franchised tax with the margin tax replaced. On the other hand 2007 also included income of $17 million from the fuel reconciliation associated with our former integrated utility. So normalizing for these two items, 2008 was slightly better than 2007. In 2008, we added nearly 31,000 customers to our Houston service territory. While this is still solid growth the rate of customer growth moderated in the second half of the year as a result of Hurricane Ike and the declining economic conditions. We did see increased customer usage in 2008 due in part to warmer weather. Our operating expenses were up significantly in 2008 due primarily to an increase in transmission cost. While we did receive some increase in transmission revenues, the net impact reduced operating income by $22 million compared to 2007. We intend to seek legislative or regulatory solutions that would provide for more timely recovery of this cost. I could not talk about 2008 without mentioning the significant role played by Hurricane Ike. I would once again like to thank our employees and the thousands of mutual assistance workers from around the country who helped to rebuild our system after Ike devastated our service territory in September of last year. As result of their efforts, service was restored to most of our customers within two weeks and to essentially all of our customers in 18 days. The estimated loss of revenue was limited to $17 million which was partially offset by $10 million in operation and maintenance cost that were postponed because of the storm. To-date, we have incurred approximately $600 million in restoration cost and have only a few invoices still outstanding. As a result we have lowered our estimate of the total storm restoration cost to between $600 million to $650 million. These costs are being deferred for future recovery and therefore do not affect our earnings. Gary, will explain the recovery process and expected timing in his comments. Houston Electric is in the process of installing and advanced metering system as a result of the settlement agreement approved by the Texas PUC in December. And we continue to explore the implementation of an Intelligent Grid. Beginning next month and continuing over the next five years we will deploy approximately $2.4 million advanced meters across our service territory. Our capital cost estimate for the deployment is approximately $640 million. We are recurring the cost through a surcharge which went into effect earlier this month. The surcharge for each residential customer is $3.24 per month for the first two years and is expected to be reduced to $3.05 per month for the following 10 years. This new technology deployment is the first step in moving the electric grid into the digital age, because of the structure of the cost recovery tariff and the timing of deployment we expect the project will have a small negative impact on cash flow and a small positive impact on earnings in 2009.  Now let me turn to our natural gas distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $215 million a slight decline from the $218 million reported for 2007. Although, we added nearly 25,000 customers over the course of the year, the growth slowed market lay in the second half of the year as was the case in our electric utility. We also benefited from rate increases including a $20 million increase implemented in Arkansas in November 2007. Unfortunately, the benefits of customer growth and rate increases were substantially offset by reductions in customer usage.  We continue to pursue right mechanisms to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold to help mitigate the trends of reduced customer usage. In our Texas Coast jurisdiction we recently gained approval for an annual cost of service adjustment mechanism to recognize changes and usage, operating cost and rate base.  For the last two winters, we have entered into weather hedges for our Minnesota and Texas jurisdiction, to mitigate weather related usage risk. Most of our other jurisdictions have some sort of weather normalization or other adjustment mechanisms.  This past November, we filed a request with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission to increase our Minnesota rates by approximately $60 million. And as part of the filing, we ask to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. We implemented a $51 million interim rate increase last month, subject to refund. We do not expect final action on our request until late this year or early 2010. I would also add that the recent decline in natural gas prices could reduce the amount of rate relief we need in Minnesota. If gas prices stay at current level or fall even further. Our competitive natural gas sales and services segment reported operating income of $62 million for 2008, compared to $75 million for 2007. Operating income in 2007 reflected almost $24 million more in gains from sales of gas from inventory, while in 2008, our operating income increased by approximately $12 million, due primarily to favorable locational and seasonal price differentials. In 2008, we also recorded $30 million in write-downs of natural gas inventory to a lower of average cost of market, compared to $11 million in the inventory write-downs in 2007. In addition, we recorded mark-to-market gains of $13 million associated with derivatives we used to lock-in economic gains compared to charges of $10 million in 2007. Overall, our Energy Services business had a pretty solid year.  Now let me turn to our interstate pipelines unit. Our interstate pipelines recorded operating income of $293 million for 2008 compared to $237 million for 2007. Higher income from our Carthage to Perryville pipeline and increased transportation and ancillary services more than offset higher operating expenses. Operating income also benefited from an $18 million gain from the sale of two storage development projects offset by $7 million charge associated with pipeline assets that were removed from service.  In September, the Southeast Supply Header or SESH our joint venture with Spectra was placed in commercial operation and began flowing gas primarily to the Florida markets. SESH is well positioned to serve the growing southeast market, and there are future expansion options if warranted by market demand. In 2008, we recorded equity income of $36 million which included $33 million of allowance for funds used during construction for our interest in SESH. Depending on the timing and cost of permanent financing, we expect equity income from SESH to be somewhat less in 2009 than in 2008. Now let me turn to our field services segment. We reported operating income of $147 million for 2008 compared to $99 million for 2007. This business unit benefited from strong drilling activity and increased production in the Mid-Continent area in 2008, when it connected a record 475 wells. Our field services business also benefited from the expansion of our jointly owned natural gas processing facilities.  We recorded equity incomes of $15 million from this joint venture driven by strong liquid prices compared to $10 million the previous year. In addition, operating income for 2008 benefited by $17 million from the sale of non-strategic assets and the settlement of a contractual dispute, and by a gain of $7 million associated with system and balances. Taking into account the performance of all of our business unit. I believe the company had a very solid year, and I believe our overall financial results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas assets. Now, let me turn to our outlook for 2009. We expect this year to be even more challenging in 2008, we also believe that the combination of the stability provided by our regulated electric and natural gas utilities and the high level of activity in a number of producing areas served by our pipeline and field services businesses should allow us to achieve solid performance across our various business units. We expect Houston Electric to continue to perform well. We anticipate that our customer base will grow at a pace comparable to the level experienced in the second half of 2008, but below the rate for the full year. In addition, we expect to realize incremental $15 million from the full-year impact of a transmission rate increase implemented in November 2008. Our capital expenditures are budgeted at $422 million including approximately $82 million related to our advance meter deployment. In our natural gas distribution utility, we should see the benefits from rate increases including the interim rates in Minnesota as well as continue to expense control measures. We expect to see customer growth but levels below those we experienced in 2008 the real unknown is whether we will continue to see our customer usage decline at the same rate as 2008. We will maintain our focus on rate decoupling strategies and on operational efficiencies in order to mitigate the impact of reduced customer usage.  Our capital plans for 2009 of $155 million reflects a decline in capital spending of over 25% from 2008 levels. We expect our base commercial and industrial sales business to perform at a level similar to 2008, early in the year we had seen some positive pricing differentials particularly on seasonal spreads. Our focus is to continue to expand our commercial and industrial customer base while maintaining our low risk profile. The ability of our interstate pipelines and field services businesses to duplicate their 2008 performances will depend on market dynamics, natural gas prices and natural gas liquid prices. Nearly 80% of these segments revenues are either [propose] repayment, our fee based providing a significant amount of stability. The remaining revenues are derived from our ancillary services, system management or gas processing, all of which are depended to some degree on commodity prices and market dynamics.  Based on the current commodity indices, we dont expect these revenues to be as robust as they were in 2008. We continue to see a very high level of drilling in the unconventional shale areas, particularly the Haynesville, Woodford and Fayetteville shales. This is driving opportunities for both, our pipeline and field services. In December of last year, we filed an application with the FERC, requesting authorization to increase the capacity of our Carthage to Perryville pipeline by approximately 274 million cubic feet per day through installing additional compression. This expansion, which would increase Carthage to Perryville's capacity to almost 1.9 billion cubic feet per day, could be in service by the second quarter of 2010 pending FERC approval. Our pipeline's capital budget will be approximately $200 million, down significantly with the completion of SESH, but otherwise comparable to 2008. Our capital budget for field services is $277 million for 2009, more than double our 2008 capital expenditures and reflects our success in securing new projects in the shale areas. In summary, our core businesses provide a significant amount of profit stability and we continue to invest in new projects that are expected to provide for increased profitability in the future. We expect to invest almost $1.1 billion this year. In closing, I would like to remind of the $0.19 per share quarterly dividend by our Board of Directors on January 22nd. This is more than a 4% increase over the dividend we paid in 2008, and the fourth consecutive year that we have raised our dividend. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors have in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that I will not turn the call over to Gary. 
Gary Whitlock:  Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. I would like to discuss a few items with you this morning. First, let me describe the process we are pursuing to recover our cost related to Hurricane Ike. The Texas legislature convened last month and we are seeking enabling legislation similar to that, which was passed in 2006 following Hurricane Rita. Such legislation would provide the legal basis for us to issue non-recourse storm cost recoveries securitization bonds similar to the three series of transition bonds the company has issued in connection with its stranded cost recovery.  The legislation would authorize the Texas Public Utility Commission to review our storm restoration cost and issue a financing order. Earlier this month, Governor Perry designated emergency items for the 2009 legislative session. And included in those items was legislation to assist entities in recovering from the 2008, Hurricane. This emergency designation allows lawmakers to begin considering these issues early in the legislative session and bills addressing this issue have been filed in, both the Texas House and Senate. Storm cost recovery securitization bonds would have a dual benefit of allowing us to recover our Ike costs in a timely fashion, while lowering the ultimate cost to our customers. We believe that this securitization method of recovery has the support of state and local officials, including the Public Utility Commission. And we expect to file with the PUC in March even if the legislation has not yet passed. We hope to be able to complete the regulatory process and issue bonds later this summer. I would now like to address our liquidity. On our last earnings conference call in early November, I told you that in light of the continuing disruptions in the capital market and the incremental liquidity requirements imposed by Hurricane restoration work, we were taking additional steps to further strengthen our liquidity position. First, I said we were in the process of amending our parent company credit facility to in effect exclude the storm cost from the financial covenant calculation by increasing the permitted ratio of consolidated debt-to-EBITDA to 5.5 times. The ratio would revert to five times at December 31, 2009, or when we receive securitization proceeds. We successfully amended the facility in November. The amendment also makes clears that any non-recourse storm cost securitization bonds that are issued will not be treated as debt for purposes of the covenants. Second, I said we were working with our banks to syndicate a new $450 million, 364-day revolving credit facility at Houston Electric. We successfully negotiated this new facility which was upsized to $600 million. We put this facility in place to provide additional liquidity if needed. At this point, we do not anticipate the need to draw on this facility, but we think it is prudent to have it backstop facility in place for the next year as protection in this period of continued volatility and uncertain access to the capital markets.  In addition, to the revolving credit facility last month CenterPoint Energy, Houston Electric issued $500 million of general mortgage bonds due in 2014 with an interest rate of 7%. I also explained on the call that SESH receivable facility expired on October 28. Due to the disruption from Hurricane Ike, the due diligence process necessary to implement a new facility was delayed for a few weeks. We successfully closed on our new receivable facility on November 28. Availability under the new 364-day facility ranges from $128 million to $375 million, reflecting seasonal changes in receivable balances. These are among the steps we have taken to ensure that we remain in a very strong liquidity position. As of February 24, CenterPoint Energy had unused capacity of over $2.5 billion under its various committed credit facilities. Let me also point out that the consolidated group has no material debt maturities until September of 2010, when $200 million of parent company debt comes due. We also continue to work with our joint-venture partner, Spectra Energy on a permanent financing for the SESH project which was placed into service early last September. Once we can access the capital markets in an efficient and cost-effective manner, our intention is to do so. In addition to the financing actions I just described, we continue to look internally for ways to enhance our liquidity position while improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. Our business performance remains solid and generates significant operational cash flow and we are focused on efficiently managing our working capital. We will continue to prudently allocate capital to our regulated operations and to value-creating opportunities in our pipe lines and field services businesses. As David mentioned, our capital budget for 2009 is approximately $1.1 billion. Permanent financing to find our capital program will consider the optimum mix of debt and equity consistent with maintaining and enhancing the credit metrics, and credit ratings of both, the parent company and our subsidiaries. Consistent with this plan, today we filled with the SEC to offer us to $150 million in common stock to a continuous equity offering program, some times referred to as an at the market or equity dribble program. The total amount of equity that we would issue under this program during 2009 could vary depending on market conditions and other factors. This equity is an addition to the amount of equity raised annually through our employee benefit plans, and our Investors Choice Dividend reinvestment plan, which was approximately $80 million in 2008. We have chosen the continuous offering program to maximize our flexibility in these volatile markets, both in terms of how much we issue and over what timeframe. Before I review our earnings guidance for 2009, I would like to discuss the expected impact of pension expense and potential funding requirements associated with our pension plan. We, like many other pension fund sponsors, have experienced a significant decline in the value of our plan assets in 2008. As a result of decreased asset values, as well as changes in plan design and assumptions on the rate and discount rate, our non cash pretax expense increase for 2009 is estimated to be $88 million or $0.16 per diluted share. However, in terms of funding, we are not required to make a cash contribution to our pension plan in 2009. This leads me to my final topic, our earnings guidance for 2009. This morning in our earnings release, we announced that we expect our 2009 earnings to be in the range of $1.05 to $1.15 per diluted share. This guidance range includes two significant items. First, as I just mentioned, we will have a non-cash pension expense increase for 2009 of approximately $88 million, or $0.16 per diluted share. Second, we expect higher interest expense of at least $0.08 per diluted share from the amortization of fees related to Houston Electric's new $600 million credit facility and interest expense on Houston Electric's $500 million general mortgage bonds issued in January. In addition our 2008 diluted earnings per share included approximately $0.07 of favorable non-recurring items in our intestate pipelines and field services businesses. In providing our guidance we also considered various economic operational and regulatory assumptions including recovery or cost associated with Hurricane Ike. We have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities and we have not attempted to predict the timing effects of mark-to-market or inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and service business. These effects are timing related and ultimately do not impact the economics of the underlying transactions. Now let me thank you for your interest in the company and I will turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen:  Thank you Gary. With that we will now open the call to questions. And in the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Christie, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Carl Kirst of BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets :  Hey good morning everybody. Gary, can I just focus on the pension expense for a second is it possible to break that up as far as what you think would fall under possible regulatory allowances versus something that might be associated with say for instance the field services or something where it would just be up to the parent company, unfortunately we have to swallow?
Gary Whitlock:  Okay, Karl, this is Gary. About 87% of that increase in the expense will go to gas and electric. So certainly during that, going forward certainly as we see great relief that, that will be considered in those filings.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets :  Okay, and if you just hit sort of on the second question is this, with respect to looking at CenterPoint Electric, if I recollect correctly the next time you file use a 2009 test year does that the higher pension expense certainly just what we are generally seeing with the economy usage is that, I guess make for more accelerated filing in early 2010, can you help us out with what your thoughts are at this point?
Gary Whitlock:  Karl, you know I think it we can file on a accelerated basis but I think it probably makes more certain that we would file. There is a provision that we would not have to go in and file that but if we see these kind of cost increases and we are not, and if we are not earning our return, we clearly will file as soon as we can in 2010.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets :  Okay, and then just the second to kind of follow-up second question on the mid stream, I guess I just want to get a little bit more clarity to the extent that you can give it. What you are assuming your guidance with respect to volumes I guess I am trying to make sure I understand what your expectations are in organic basis versus what looks to be a fairly robust spend in 2009 relative to prior years?
David McClanahan:  You are talking about throughput primarily --
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets :  Yes. 
David McClanahan:  Throughput we expect higher throughput and in '09 and we did in '08. What we are seeing now in the more traditional basin is a reduction in drilling. But we are seeing a very robust drilling in the shale areas which is going to more than offset kind of some of the declines we will see in more traditional basin. So we are assuming a higher throughput in '09 than we saw in '08. Having said that Carl as you know field services does have some commodity exposure on two fronts, one in our typical gathering contracts we have some incentive provisions which if we can run our equipment efficiently we get to basically earn some gas that we sell and we do that every year. And then in our processing plans and our jointly owned plans that's we are exposed to natural gas liquids prices there. We have made some assumptions in our plan that prices are going to be down fairly significantly for both natural gas and for liquids. We think there is still some downside there its we are not at, we did not assume the prices we are seeing today and we could see another $10 million or $12 million of potential downside pressure on field services if prices would fall further.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets : I am sorry, in your assumptions for 2009, you have assumed that prices could actually decline a little bit more from where they are today, did I understand that?
David McClanahan: No, if they do decline.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets : If they do.
David McClanahan: If they do, we made some certain assumptions about price decline, we were not as clear volume as we should been I guess and we did not hit it exactly right and gas prices and liquid prices that follow on a little bit further than we thought but we think if they stay where they are we will still make this plan but there is still some, there is some downside there, I would not want to say when.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets : Okay thank you. 
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Lasan Johong of RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets:  Thank you. Gary, in your guidance of [$1.05 to $1.15] I'm assuming you guys  share count dilution in there from the $150 million equity issuance you plan to do, can you comment on that, let us know what that might be?
Gary Whitlock: Well I think you certainly the share price, we announced this morning as I said a $150 million and I also gave you another number which is the benefit plans in our dividend reimbursement plan last year we raised about $80 million of equity through those. So I think you could assume those to.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: But you are not going to assume price loss. So we can think about the share count?
Gary Whitlock: No, I do not think so, I do not think that would be appropriate.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay fair enough. Also in the current economic conditions you had a lot of smaller projects that you could have executed on to kind of push the growth beyond say like the 4%, 5% range, are we going to see a slowdown in some of that activity going forward?
David McClanahan: Lasan, are you talking about in our field services and pipelines area?
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
David McClanahan: We continue to see a lot of activity related to the shale areas. So I think we are pretty bullish on that and obviously gas prices have been falling and most of these producers have hedged for '09. So I think they are keeping their drilling programs up but. So far the shale areas we have not seen any diminution we have seen some in the traditional basins. But I think if you look at our capital budgets for both pipelines and field services and together it's $477 million. We see we have a fair amount of opportunities still in those businesses.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right but what about beyond '09. 
David McClanahan: Well, yeah we continue to plan beyond '09 and we do continue to see this ongoing level of activity but, it's going to depend a lot on gas prices. In the shale areas we know that producers are drilling because they spent a lot of money in to these leases and they have got to drill or they are going to loose them. But at some price may be they will not. But I think if the prices we see today they are still going forward with their drilling programs.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: One last question, Gary do you expect continuing pension funding going forward or do you think this is it for a while?
Gary Whitlock: Well in terms of, let me break that, in terms of pension expense, we have given you those numbers as I mentioned in my prepared remarks there is no funding requirement for the company in 2009. I think at this point I do not want to predict 2010 it depends of course on the factors in 2009, the asset performance and other factors. So I think we have to wait and see but certainly for 2009 no funding requirements and we like other companies are hopeful that the markets continue to improve, the equity markets and the markets in general. So hopefully that will happen, we will just to have to see towards the end of the year, but we will keep you absolutely informed to how that progresses.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks a lot. Thank you very much. 
Gary Whitlock: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Barry Kline of Citigroup
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Hi, guys. Actually I am Faisel from Citi. 
Marianne Paulsen: Hey Faisel. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:  Just going back to the equity for a second. Besides giving us some flexibility, I mean do you have to do this equity, or is it related to any rating agency issues, or are you keeping the powder dry for maybe some opportunities in the asset side that you might see. I am trying to understand the rationale behind the equity.
David McClanahan:   Well, I think the rationale behind any equity issuance or any debt issuance is the appropriate capital structure. And what we looked at and we just described to you this morning a $1.1 billion capital program. We think in terms of permanent financing, it's important to have the correct and the right mix of debt and equity and that's the driver for either our debt financing or our equity financing in this case.  So, I think it's not an issue around pressure from anyone other than to do what should be done in good corporate finances to have the right balance sheet that support these businesses. We have very good opportunities, we want to continue to execute those businesses against those opportunity. And certainly there is an equity component in terms of our financing plan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup:   On the cash tax side and the AMI rollout with the stimulus package, what kind of benefit on the cash side you guys are expecting with these sort of things, or is there a benefit from AMI rollout?  
David McClanahan:   Yes, there is really not. Faisel, I think there is a very deminimus amount of cash outlay something like $20 million, $25 million net in '09. That probably grows a little bit in out of year's when we get in the full swing of the deployment, but it's not going to have a significant cash drain on the company, because we are collecting a lot of dollars as we go along. But having said that as a result of that we are not going to have a big impact on earnings either because we are not going to have all of that much invested in this business to earn on. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, and there is no, you guys had any announcement that central tax benefit, the stimulus package, bonus depreciation and sort of stuff?  
David McClanahan: We havent and that would probably improve, it will obviously improve a little bit what I just talked about. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Well on the field services side you said $275 million in CapEx, is that right?
David McClanahan: Yes 277. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. So thats a big jump from what you guys did in '08 just in field services. What specifically are those projects related to, give us little more color on that.
 :
David McClanahan: Yes, they are really related to the shale place and we have some very good relationship with very good customers in those shale plays. And they have asked us and we are very pleased to help them get that gas to market and those are really shale plays. We do have some compressor, optimization dollars in there, we are moving to some ownership of compressors rather than leasing them, there is probably 40 or so million dollar in there for that kind of program. It basically improves our ability to serve our customers better and control. But we have had some of that all along each of the last couple of years, but I think there is $40 million or $50 million of that kind of expenditure in '09 ass well. 
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the time. I appreciate it. 
David McClanahan:  Okay. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Gambuzza of Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning. 
David McClanahan: Good morning.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I wanted to clarify one thing you said earlier about the amount of revenues that come from fee-based versus ancillary services, within field services and interstate pipeline. I know you said, roughly 80% of the combined revenues in the two segments are fee-based in nature and 20%, you have some elements commodity sensitivity, is that right?
David McClanahan:  Thats right. That was the combination of pipes and field services, thats right.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Okay.  
David McClanahan:  We have a little higher, not quite as high in field services.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I guess, there is roughly $700 million of revenue that you reported in 2008 between the two segments?
David McClanahan: More like $800 million.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: $800 million, excuse me?
David McClanahan: Yes.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And so, historically, I think you talked about somewhere around $30 million of park and loan revenues in interstate pipelines and the field services business, I think has been historically described as being essentially all gathering days. I was just surprised, because 20% of the 800 is almost next about $150 million of revenue. I was wondering if you could provide some more color as to exactly what those revenue streams are, and you mentioned incentive fees for efficiency in field services and how much is that?
David McClanahan: Our contracts on the gathering side are fee-based. But inside of those fee-based contracts, you have incentive fees in there where it's really, where you some natural gas exposure. And it's all around the efficiency of running your compressors and to the extent we can run our compression more efficient then what the contract calls for. Then we get an upside in that. And we have worked very hard over the years on that, and we are continuing to enjoy the benefits of that kind of efficiency. So, that's part of it, these are fee-based contracts, but almost every gather has this kind of provision, this is not unusual for us.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Can you give some sense to how much incentives benefited '08?
David McClanahan:
 : Probably on the order of $40 million probably that's not all that's kind of our natural gas exposure.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Within field services?
David McClanahan:
 : Yes.  
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Exposure within field services. And then there will be like another kind of 30 to 40 of park and loan revenues at the pipes is that (inaudible).  
David McClanahan:
 : That has been a level that historically, that we are probably little less than that. We are not counting on that much pals going into '09.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Okay. Besides those two buckets, is there some other area of commodity sensitivity that would kind of take us to that 20% level that beside what you just talked about?
David McClanahan:
 : Yes, there is a few things, there is system management, we have straddle plants on our pipeline where we treat gas before we put it into the pipeline system, so its pipeline quality gas. And as part of that treating process we keep some of the liquids thats part of that.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Okay.
David McClanahan:
 : Let me think if there is, it's probably some cross system fees that we included in there also.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Very helpful. Switching gears for a moment. The CapEx that you earmarked for 2009, it also looks like a fair amount of CapEx that you earmarked for 2010 in the 10-K relative to kind of historical spending levels. Do you have contracts on with shippers or the 277 that you have earmarked for 2009?
David McClanahan:  Substantially all of it.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Okay.
David McClanahan:  Yes, we do. Now there is some Greenfield in there what we call Greenfield, which are undesignated and we will get contracts as we go through the year. But a substantial part of that we have contracts four years.  Now we are working with our producers very closely to make sure there is not a change in their drilling schedule. So we are not going to put in a bunch of facilities early and have them sit idle for a while and not get any revenue from. But we feel pretty strongly that this level is the right level, but we are watching it very closely as you would expect.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  And you said about like $50 million to the CapEx is going to the shale areas?
David McClanahan:  No. There is some other system kind of maintenance capital and things like that. We have been drilling in these basins for a long-long time, and there is continue some maintenance capital in there. But all of the new growth capital I would say is in the shale areas almost all of it. I mean, we are going to still see some wells drilled in these traditional basis, but just not at the pace that we have seen in the last four year. We just connected over 400 wells a year but at least four year's and last year we connected 475 wells and a lot of those were in those traditional basins.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital:  Okay.
David McClanahan:  Thats going to cut back. We know that, we have seen it. What we are seeing though is, we are having a pickup in the shale areas and a well produces a lot more, per well in the shale areas than in these all traditional basins.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: 
 : It seems there are some puts and takes in terms of some of these incentive fees, which may fall off versus all this CapEx going in and volumes being up, do you have some sense as to where you think your returns on invested capital might be in 2009 relative to 2008?
Gary Whitlock: I would hesitate to say, I don't think we are going to see a significant decline, I mean there might be some, but we are not anticipating a significant decline in returns on this invested capital. We are seeing producers want us to invest more now, a lot of producers used to do a lot of this gathering themselves, and I think they are looking to us more now to do some of the things that maybe their own internal operations would have done in the past. So thats giving us a few more opportunities than we have had, but from a return standpoint, I don't think we are going to see significant decline in returns.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thank you very much.
Gary Whitlock: Still very attractive projects in our mind anyway.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thank you for your time.
Gary Whitlock: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Danielle Seitz of Seitz Research.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Hey, I was wondering if I could ask about how do you see your request for rate increase and do you anticipate to file for the recovery of the storms typically or do you visualize going forward a full fledge rate case based on the fact that you are expanding your equity etcetera?
David McClanahan: No, we expect to file in mid to late March with the PUC to recover our storm costs, and then following the legislation that Gary described, which would allow us to securitize those costs, we are going to ask the PUC to issue a financing order, and then we are going to go sale securitization bonds, and recover our money, and our hope is sometime this summer, or maybe late summer, but that's our plan as to get this money back this year.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: And you don't anticipate to file for a rate case for the distribution patterns of the business?
David McClanahan: Not in connection with the storm. We are under a write-freeze now, and we cannot file until next year a test year based on the end of this year. We will be watching that, looking at it very closely as you would expect and to see when to file, but we have had some cost increases here with our pension, which we noted earlier and that would tend to make us go in earlier rather than later, but we are just going to have to write and get all the numbers and make sure it is worth filing.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Great. And at this point, what is your ROE on the electric side do you have the number?
Gary Whitlock: I'm sorry what was that?
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: ROE for electric operations?
Gary Whitlock: It's probably the ROE authorized is a little north of 10%. I think that was a settled case. There was no stated return in it, but my guess is thats a fair number and so.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: And you are not far from it based on 2009 estimate.
Gary Whitlock: We think that '08 produced ROE in the range of 10%.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Okay. Just one last quick question, own was pretty robust in '08, and do you see roughly the same type of increase in 2009, or are you feeling down?
Gary Whitlock: No, what happened in 2008? To a large extent as we had a large amount of transmission costs built to us from others. The reason that happened is, for two reasons. One is there was a fair amount of transmission built by the utilities, they raised their transmission cost factor. The second is that the way transmission works in Texas is that we bear a given portion of all of the transmission cost in the state. In our portion, our percentage went up in '08 above '07, because the peak demand in our area was higher relative to the rest of the state than it was in the previous years. That will move around. Our guess and our hope is that it's going to back to down to more normal level, which is probably in the 23% to 24% level and it was above 25% in '08. So our hope is that, we are not going to see those type of increases. We did file for a transmission increase of our own, based on these increases and factors others utilities are charging us. But the other part which we call the load ratio share, we can't file for that until we go in for a general rate increase. So if that comes down, we would get a benefit. But our hope is that we are certainly not going to see another $22 million or so, which is what the increase was in '08 that was a biggest part of our own increase.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Great, thanks a lot. I appreciate.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Yiktat Fung of Zimmer Lucas Partners.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Hello.
David McClanahan:  Yes.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners:  Good morning. First of all, I have a question about the continuous equity issuance plan. Is there an exploration date on this filing?
Gary Whitlock:  No, there is not. This is Gary.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: So, it could basically extend if you don't finish within 2009 it could go to 2010 or even 2011?
Gary Whitlock:  Look I am limited what I can actually talk about regarding the program. Your expectation is that would be 2009.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay. So, you expect to issue of all during 2009, is that correct or?
David McClanahan :  I think Gary is right. We have the saying out there it doesn't have an end date on it, but we don't file it without the intention of someway executing against it whether we get it all done in '09 only time will tell, but I don't think we can give you much more color than that around it.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And you talked about before about targeting an appropriate balance sheet, are there certain credit metrics, or some sort of debt ratio that your company targets?
Gary Whitlock:  Yeah, overall I think their Investment Grid business we are going to continue and we have done that over the last number of years to improve our credit metrics. FFO-to-total debt greater than 15%, and greater than three times interest coverage. So, we are strong in utilities, and overall we are going to continue to move those directionally to improve them. And as I said earlier, this capital program as we look at permanent financing requires a portion of it to be equity and a portion of it to be debt. And we think this is good tool with a very valuable capital markets. We think that continues offering program is a good tool to having our toolbox to raise equity and of course we have as I mentioned dividend reinvestment plan as well as our benefit program, but we continuously raise equity with. 
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Okay, with regards to 2009 guidance is there some way that we could think about working out the earnings into the segments?
Gary Whitlock:  We don't give segment guidance, we only give company guidance.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Or can you a little comment on that I guess directionally, I guess as the utilities earnings can't be higher, lower as.
Gary Whitlock:  I tried to do that, maybe I didn't do a very job as I went through my prepared remarks taking about each of the segments and what we expected. I think probably, directionally if you just can't listen to those remarks, I think you would see where we are headed. 
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Alright. And finally, just to clarify one point, I guess the transmission concept, the higher cost don't get passed through directly to customer as you kind of defiled to get recovery of it?
David McClanahan:  Well, we can change our transmission cost recovery factor twice a year, but that can only reflect higher cost to us from an increase in a factor or our own transmission cost. It does not reflect and cannot reflect an increase in the overall load ratio share of Houston Electric. That you do on a general rate case. So like we filed for a transmission rate increase of, I think we got $17 million in November of last year and that was to reflect these increased costs that we are seeing. But it did not cover all of the increased cost.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: I see. Thank you very much.
Gary Whitlock: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Debra Bromberg of Jefferies & Company.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company:  Hi guys.
David McClanahan: Good morning.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: Increased pension expense you are expecting in 2009, could you tell me roughly how much of that would be associated with the Electric Company?
Gary Whitlock: Let's see, I think we can do that.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: And also the 10%, roughly 10% ROE the Electric Company earned in '08. What kind of common equity ratio is that based on?
Gary Whitlock: 40% equity, 60% debt.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: Was that actual or is that the hypothetical?
David McClanahan: No. Thats a hypothetical. It probably has just a tad higher than that, my guess. It's not much higher than that. But we try to keep those ratios pretty consistent with the ratios that rates are set on. But it maybe a tad above that.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: And just one quick question on Hurricane Ike cost-recovery, if you get a PUC order by year end? Do you expect to both catch up carrying charges later in the year, and if so, was that included in guidance?
David McClanahan: We're going to ask, I think, for carrying cost as part of this filing which is consistent with what [Inter G] did in the 2007 or '06, and is consistent with what they received. But the way that will be realized in earnings is over the life of the bonds themselves. I do not think there is --
Gary Whitlock: There is debt component, equity component, but to answer your question, Debra, we do not have that in our guidance, we do not have any, because we do not know how that's going to play out as I said in the, in my comments there are certain factors that where we take into consideration and that's one we can not predict at this point.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company:  Okay and just follow up on a pension question. 
Gary Whitlock:  About 47% of the total that I mentioned is in Electric.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company:  Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Carl Seligson of Utility Financial.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial :  Good morning.
David McClanahan:  Good morning.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial : Gary I was wondering in your discussion with the banks as you went for your new line was there any indication from any of the banks that have been in the prior line and particularly we believe that they were having problems relative to everything that we are hearing and reading about. Or are they just willing to write lines there regardless and hopefully accept your execution of the them when you need the money?
Gary Whitlock:  Well I think it's a comment, a good question. Certainly when we started the syndication of that facility was $450 million and we upsized to $600 million which I think speaks volumes to the support we had from our bank group.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial : Right.
Gary Whitlock:  I think in aggregate, certainly each there was at that time significant angst the bank credit market, no doubt about it. Our banks that we have a long standing relationship with them they looked at this facility and understood two things one it's a secured facility at Houston Electric and the bank stepped up, understood that clearly it was priced appropriately for the market at that time. And so we are pleased that it was upsized from $450 million to $600 million. But I would be less than candid to say otherwise in terms of there was a lot of discussion because the banks were going through their own issues at the time. But we are very gratified with the facility obviously.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial :
 :
Gary Whitlock:  That's correct, they would be at higher levels.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial :  Okay.
Gary Whitlock:  This is all five you can take a look at it but it basically if drawn is 2.25 over LIBOR then it has a fee associated if you are drawing it, it's actually wretched up. But as I said, we don't expect to draw on the facilities of back stop credit facility from our perspective.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial :  No, I have just been hearing around the banking community of, you do not make any money in writing a line like this, you make it when has been therefore they are not happy with the prices that they charge at the first place?
Gary Whitlock:  Well, it was more expenses than certainly traditional but our banks as I said we have long-term relationship. They understand our business. They serve these communities and so we were gratified that they stepped up.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial :  Sure, okay, thanks.
Gary Whitlock:  Thank you.
Marianne Paulsen:  Okay, we are at little bit over our time, but I think we will allow one more question.
Operator:  Our final question comes from the line of Carl Kirst at BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets:  Just very quickly, hopefully hear a good note. The CP expansion the phase for $274 million obviously Haynesville is exploring whether you have contracts or not but I would think capacity is going to utilized. But the question is that, do you have contracts for that 274 and can you give us a sense of what the cost of the edit compression is and presumably the rates you are going to get on that will be full tariff rates?
David McClanahan:  We are closed to having a anchor shipper that will take a lot more than difficult anchor ship would take and the filing we made with the FERC was about $70 million capital spend on that. So we are very close on getting that contract.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets : Can you remind us what full tariff rates are?
David McClanahan: For CEGT, its well let see its what is our rate $0.25 is CEGT. And this is part of the CenterPoint Energy Gas Transmission system.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets : Okay. Thank you.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. Thank you very much, Christie. I would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-05 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of IR David M. McClanahan - President and CEO Gary L. Whitlock - EVP and CFO Scott Rozzell - EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co. Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Third Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator instructions]. Thank you. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our third quarter 2008 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 PM Central Time through Wednesday, November 12, 2008. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 68361847. You can also listen to an online reply of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I am pleased to summarize our performance for the third quarter of 2008. This morning, we reported net income of $136 million for the third quarter or $0.39 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $91 million or $0.27 per diluted share for the same period last year. Operating income was $337 million for the third quarter of 2008 compared to $287 million for the third quarter of 2007. I believe our overall financial results continue to demonstrate the benefit of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas assets. Before I review the performance of each of our businesses, I want to discuss the significant event that occurred in September. Hurricane Ike struck our service territory early in the morning of September 13 and over 90% of our customers lost power as a result of the storm. Many of our customers suffered extensive damage to their homes and businesses. I am extremely proud of the employees from all of our business units and the 11,000 personnel from 35 states in Canada who responded to our call for assistance. Together, we restored power to all customers capable of receiving service in just 18 days. I cannot say enough good things about their efforts and response of the communities we serve during this difficult period. Some work is ongoing to replace temporary pairs that we made in order to restore power as quickly as possible. But, we expect to have our system return to its pre-Ike condition soon. We have estimated that the total cost for this storm restoration effort will be in the range of 650 to $750 million. These costs are being deferred for future recovery and therefore do not affect our third quarter earnings. Gary will explain the recovery process and expected timing in his comments. Now let me review the performance of each of our business segments beginning with Houston Electric. Houston Electric reported operating income of $169 million in the quarter compared to operating income of $155 million last year. As a result of the timely restoration efforts after Ike, the estimated loss of third quarter revenue was limited to $17 million, which was partially offset by expense savings of $5 million as normally incurred operating and maintenance cost were postponed because of the storm. The quarter benefited from strong growth in our Houston service territory, where we added over 42,000 customers in September 2007. While this growth has moderated since the first half of the year, the Houston economy has not been as adversely affected as other parts of the country and we still expect solid customer growth for the year. We also benefited from increased customer usage in July and August when compared to last year. In addition to these factors, taxes other than income taxes declined by $10 million as a result of the state margin tax being reclassified as income tax in 2008 and a state franchise tax refund. Over the last several years, we've continued to invest in a number of new electric transmission projects in our service territory. In order to recover the increased cost related to them, we filed for a transmission cost of service rate increase in September, in which we requested an increase of $22.5 million over our existing rates. Since about 74% of that increase will be paid by other ERCOT utilities, we expect an annual operating income increase of approximately $17 million. This morning the Public Utility Commission approved this request and it is effective immediately. As you know, utilities in Texas can change their transmission rates to reflect new investments without going through a complete rate case, which mitigates the regulatory lag associated with transmission investments. Houston Electric continues to pursue an advanced metering system and the implementation of an intelligent grid. In May, we filed an initial advanced metering deployment plan and surcharge request. We've been exploring ways to settle the timing and nature of our deployment with the other parties in this proceeding. As you would expect, these discussions were interrupted as a result of Hurricane, Ike and have just recently resumed. However, no agreement has been reached so far. In the interim, the PUC has an approved... has approved an agreement between us and the retail electric providers in our service territory, which allows REPs to request the early installation of up to 125,000 advanced meters so long as the requesting REP agrees to fund the associated cost. Today, there has been only limited participation in this voluntary program. Now let me turn to our natural gas distribution business. Our gas distribution system was also damaged by the various hurricanes that affected our service territory. We incurred approximately $3 million of Hurricane Ike related cost, which are also being deferred for future recovery. Our gas operations personnel responded quickly to safely restore the system following Ike enabling them to then assist in the electric restoration. I am extremely proud of our employees who work diligently to ensure the public safety and reliability of our system. This unit reported an operating loss of $6 million compared to a loss of $8 million for the same period of 2007. Due to its seasonal nature, the third quarter is typically the weakest quarter for this business. We do continue to benefit from solid customer growth, adding nearly 26,000 customers since September 2007. We also benefited from a rate increase implemented in Arkansas last November. We are continuing to pursue right strategies to decouple our revenues from the volume of gas we sell to encourage conservation and to recover cost on a more timely basis. This strategy encompasses mechanisms such as weather normalization clauses, revenue and cost of service adjustments and decoupling. These strategies are particularly important in the current volatile natural gas price environment, which has increased the focus on conversation and energy efficiency. Last year, we were successful in implementing right decoupling in Arkansas, and this year we obtained weather normalization in Oklahoma. Recent decisions in our Texas Coast jurisdiction provides for an annual cost of service adjustment mechanism to recognize changes in usage, operating costs and investment. Earlier this week, we filled a request with the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission to increase our Minnesota rates by approximately $60 million. As part of this filing, we are also asking to decouple revenues from the volume of gas sold. Last year, the Minnesota Legislature enacted legislation encouraging utilities to pursue decoupling initiatives and promote energy conservation. Our decoupling request is based on this new legislation. We do not expect final action on our request until the fourth quarter of next year. However, interim rates are expected to be effective January 2009, subject to refund. Our competitive natural gas sales and services segment reported operating income of $35 million for the third quarter of 2008, compared to $4 million last year. We did not experience the same volatility in the natural gas markets after Hurricane Ike as we did in 2005 following Hurricanes, Katrina and Rita. Our core business of selling natural gas to commercial and industrial customers increased by approximately $7 million, due primarily to favorable locational and seasonal price differentials. In the third quarter of this year, we recorded a $24 million of write-down of natural gas inventory to the lower of average cost to market compared to a $5 million inventory write-down last year. This quarter, we also recorded mark-to-market gains of $46 million associated with derivatives we used to lock in economic gains compared to $2 million last year. Our interstate pipeline segment recorded operating income of $55 million compared to $17 million last year. Higher income from our pipeline between Carthage, Texas and our Perryville Hub in Northeast Louisiana help offset reduced ancillary services and higher operating expanses. Operating income for the third quarter also included a $7 million charge associated with pipeline assets that were removed from service. The third quarter of last year included tax refunds of $4 million related to settlements of certain state tax issues and a gain of $5 million associated with the sales of our pipeline services business. We have built a number of new laterals off our existing pipelines to serve new customer facilities. In addition, producer interest in the Woodford, Fayetteville and Haynesville shale areas near our facilities remains high, and we continue to work with producers on getting new natural gas production to market. In September, the Southeast Supply Header or SESH, our joint venture with Spectra was placed into commercial operations and begun flowing gas primarily to the Florida markets. SESH is well positioned to serve the growing southeast market, and there are future expansion options if warranted by market demand. SESH has applied for a waiver to operate at higher operating pressure, and that waiver should be received later this month. Upon receipt of this waiver, SESH will have a capacity of 1 billion cubic feet per day, of which a substantial portion is already under long-term contracts with a solid group of shippers. Now let me turn to our field services segment. We reported operating income of $44 million for the third quarter of 2008 compared to $26 million for 2007. This business unit continues to benefit from the strong drilling activity and increased production in the Mid-Continent area. Our field services business also has a 50% ownership in natural gas processing facilities that continue to expand. The equity income that we recorded from this joint venture increased to $4 million compared to $2 million in the third quarter of 2007. Well connects in and around our existing gathering footprint in the Arkoma, Anadarko and ArkLaTex basins are running significantly ahead of last year, but we are beginning to see a reduction in drilling activities in these basins. However, in the Woodford, Fayetteville and Haynesville shale areas, drilling activity remains high resulting in a substantial increase in new project opportunities. We will continue to pursue attractive growth projects in our footprints in order to enhance the long-term profitability of this business. In closing, I would like to remind you of the $0.1825 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors at the end of last month. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. I would like to discuss a few items wit you this morning. First, let me describe the process we will pursue to recover our cost related to Hurricane Ike. When the Texas Legislature convened in January 2009, we will seek enabling legislation similar to that which was passed in 2006 following Hurricane Rita. Such legislation would allow us to issue storm cost recovery securitization bond similar to the three series of transition bonds the company has issued in connection with the stranded cost recovery, and would require the Texas Public Utility Commission to review our call and issue a financing order. These bonds would have the dual benefit of allowing us to recover our Ike cost in a timely fashion by lowering the ultimate cost to our customers. We believe that this securitization method of recovery has the support of state and local officials and our Public Utility Commission. Assuming early passage of storm cost securitization legislation, we hope to be able to complete the regulatory process and issue bond by next summer. Now let me address recent credit rating agency action. Following the review of the impact of Hurricane Ike on our liquidity, profitability and the regulatory recovery process for storm cause, both S&P and Moody's affirmed the ratings and ratings outlook on CenterPoint Energy and its subsidiaries, Houston Electric and CERC in reports issued on October 9. All three rating agencies continue to have stable outlook from the debt of the parent company and its subsidiary. I would now like to address our liquidity position in light of the storm cost and the unprecedented conditions and turmoil in the capital markets. Over the years, we have taken significant steps to augment our liquidity in order to ensure that we maintain financial flexibility and a strong liquidity position even in the phase of disruptions like Hurricane Ike and its related costs. Currently, we have a $1.2 billion credit facility at the parent company, a $300 million facility at Houston Electric, and a $950 million facility at CERC. These facilities do not expire until the second quarter of 2012 and do not contain mad clauses [ph]. In August, we amended the financial covenant ratio of consolidated debt to EBITDA in the parent company credit facility, so that the permitted ratio of debt to EBITDA will remain at five times for the duration of the facility. We did so with 100% support from our bank group, while needing only a 51% vote. This action had the effect of increasing our debt capacity for 2009 and beyond since the covenant was scheduled to reduce to 4.5 times at the end of 2008. There are no covenants in the Houston Electric or CERC facility that would be expected to limit borrowings under those facilities. As of September 30, CenterPoint Energy had liquidity of approximately $1.2 billion under its various committed credit facility. Considering the estimated storm cost and our other cash requirements for the remainder of 2008, we believe our liquidity under the existing facilities coupled with other cash we expect to generate from our businesses will be adequate to satisfy our projected requirements even if we took no further steps. In light of the continued disruptions in the capital markets however, we are taking additional steps to further strengthen our liquidity position. First, we are in the process of amending our parent company credit facility to in effect exclude the storm cost from the covenant calculation by increasing the debt to EBITDA ratio to 5.5 times. The ratio would revert to five times at the earlier of December 31, 2009 or when we receive securitization proceeds. Second, we are working with our banks to syndicate a new $450 million, 364-day revolving credit facility at Houston Electric, although the ultimate size of the facility could vary. This facility will provide additional liquidity if needed. At this point, we do not anticipate a need to drawn on this facility, but we think it is prudent to have a backstop facility in place for the next year's protection in this period of contingent instability and uncertain access to the capital markets. And finally, we're taking steps internally to enhance our liquidity position, while improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. Our business performance remains solid and generated significant operational cash flow. We'll continue to prudently allocate capital to our regulated operations, as well as the value creating opportunities in our pipelines, and field services businesses. However, we're actively identifying discretionary capital expenditures that can be either deferred or eliminated without affecting the reliability of our system, or limiting our long-term business prospects. In addition, we are focused on efficiently managing our working capital. Let me also point out that the consolidated Group has no material debt maturities until September of 2010, when $200 million of parent company debt comes due. There are a couple of financing developments that I wanted to share with you this morning as well. First, as many of you know, CERC's receivable facility expired on October 28. Advances under the facility of $150 million were repaid on termination. Due to the disruption from hurricane Ike, the due diligence process necessary to implement a new one year facility was delayed for a few weeks. We anticipate that CERC will have a new one... a new one year facility, one year receivable facility in place shortly. Second as David indicated, the SESH project, our joint venture with Spectra, was placed into service in early September. Both partners have been funding their respective shares of the construction cost so far. We have been working jointly with Spectra in planning a permanent financing for the project and once we can access the capital markets in an efficient and cost effective manner, our intention is to do so. Finally, I'd like to discuss our revised earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release, we announced that we now expect our 2008 earnings to be in the range of $1.25 to $1.35 per diluted share. In increasing our guidance, we considered our performance to date in addition to various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. We have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities for the rest of the year and we have not attempted to predict the timing effects of mark-to-market, our inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and services business. These effects are timing-related and ultimately do not impact the economics of the underlying transactions. Now let me thank you for your interest in the company and I'll turn the call back to Marianne. Thank you, Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask question? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, nice quarter. On the recovery of the storm damage, Gary if there is a delay in the legislation or the legislature say, you know we will pass on this one for whatever reasons, what would be the contingency for recovering the storm damage cost?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Why don't we... I'll ask Scott Rozzell to answer that.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: Well Lasan, there is a couple of permutations probably that I might mention. The passage of a legislation is something that we'll be working very hard to achieve and that could be done early in the section or perhaps later on, early in the session requires some procedural steps that are unusual, but which we think are lined up pretty well for this time around. In the event if there is not legislation passed, we have a history of a storm recovery process in the state that allows us to for those costs and recover in this part of the normal rate making process.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Lasan, this is Gary. Our focus really I think we feel confident about the process I outlined in my comment. What we are doing is ensuring frankly of that we have and we do have adequate liquidity as I mentioned, we are going to put a backstop credit facility in Houston Electric. I think the thing that's concerned or has concerned us probably in the near term is really been access to the capital market. And in the... I don't expect it to happen but we would have to go down a path of a rate case to recover these costs and we would look at permanent financing, but I think the key now is to ensure that we have the adequate liquidity which we do, and this process will play out over the next number of months and we feel confident about what I outlined in my prepared comments as the process that we will follow.
Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: And Lasan, David I think mentioned in his comments that securitization process which we have some experience with here in Texas is one that generally enjoys wide spread support because it allows us to get our money relatively quickly, but it also ultimately lowers the cost that is paid by the ultimate customers. Storm restoration recovery periods in the past before we used securitization were actually reasonably short, so you would have a fairly large amount recovered over a fairly short period of time if you were the traditional out. That's why I think most people favor securitization.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: But pardon me for asking this kind of silly question or dumb question, but if the capital markets are somewhat discombobulated either one of two things I suspect will happen, either the interest that need to be paid on the securitization bond be very expensive or the size of the facility may intimidate enough that it may not happen. So in either case, even if legislation was passed, I would assume CenterPoint would defer access to capital market and the sort of question is if that does happen in the mean time, are you able to collect as if this were a normal part of your rate base?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, I think it's going to be a normal part of rate base, but as you saw in our standard cost recovery, we did recover interest from the date we incurred the cost until we recover those through the sale of the transition bonds. It wasn't a full rate of return, but it was more like an interest component.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And that interest component will be based on your current cost of capital or your current debt cost of capital?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure exactly how we did that. I know Entergy got interest when they recovered their storm cost back following Katrina and Rita and I don't recall how the commission set that interest. But I may... I mean it would set to cover the cost that the utility is incurring to carry the storm cost.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Got you. On the field services business, you mentioned that in the ArkLaTex area, the drilling activity is kind of slowing down, but in the Haynesville, Woodford and Fayetteville shale plays, the drilling activity seems to still robust. Can I assume that the two kind of cancel each other out?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think we still have plenty of opportunities, plenty of well connects there that we are pursuing. And this is all around the weakness we're seeing in natural gas prices the last couple of months, and really the amount of gas that is being produced in this Mid-Continent area. This could be just a temporary slowdown or it could be a sign of more to come. But today we still see lots of opportunities and also when you look at the big picture.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And just quickly on price of commodities. On the oil and gas side, how does the change in price affect your earnings from field services?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It doesn't really affect it very much from an oil standpoint. We do have a little commodity exposure. We have some processing facilities where we take a percentage of proceeds, so liquid prices do matter. They've been holding pretty firm to be very honest. And we have a little exposure on to natural gas prices because there is some system imbalance, and gas we sell each month. But these are not big impacts, but they can impact I guess 5 or $6 million with every dollar or so declining in the price of natural gas.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: 5 or 6 million for every $1 change in gas price?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, that's just kind of a general guide. I think that's a fair guide.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. On the SESH project, I am assuming the same parameters would hold, if the market is chilly, you wouldn't go and access the capital markets at a higher cost of capital, you'd wait until the better situation, correct?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think that's exactly right, Lasan. I mean, like these are unprecedented situations at the moment. Although, I think what I would say, getting better to be honest about it. But, credit spread widen, this is a great project from a financing point of view for both ourselves and our partner. I can't speak with them, but certainly we're both going to be patient at least that's our decision at this point, and we have the financial stability and flexibility to take the time necessary and hope these capital markets do start getting better, sooner rather than later, just not only for our company, but frankly for all companies.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. Excellent. One more question, if you don't mind. Can you talk about how if at all this destruction in the credit market is affecting your capital expenditure plans going forward and if you are delaying projects or if you are pushing back CapEx spending on typical maintenance stuff and things like that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah Lasan. As you would expect and like probably every other company in America, we are absolutely looking at all our capital plans and all our expenditure plans whether it's capital or operating or maintenance. And I expect that we are going to be able to push some out. Now, as you know in the business we are in, there is a certain amount of dollars you just have to spend. We are not going to do anything that would jeopardize our system reliability or public safety, so there is a given level of expenditures you have to spend each and every year and we are going to do that. But there is some timing of some of those expenditures we are looking at and there are some discretionary projects that we can defer either off until later next year or beyond or just cancel all together. So, we are actively looking at that putting together new budgets and so I feel pretty good about the approach we are taking now.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: If I can imply something for what you just said, would it be correct to say that your net overall growth rate over 3 to 5-year period is unchanged, maybe the shape of is all different but generally is unchanged?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's way too early in this process, I think we will some tempering of capital expenditures in the near term. We are just going to have to see how all this plays out beyond that.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And that's in the longer term, no?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well if the opportunities are still there, sure. We hope to be able to do it, but we don't... we just hard to go beyond a year or two and suggest all this capital will be spend in the future.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate your help.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everybody. Some of my questions have been asked, let me just a few follow-ups. Actually, just a couple of clarifications first. With respect to guidance, just want to make sure we are on the same page. When you guys are using the $1.25 to $1.35, that's based on the year-to-date results of $1.05 implying the 20 to $0.30 fourth quarter, just to be clear?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do this... we don't look at mark-to-market or inventory write-downs even in the actuals. We eliminate those in making our estimate for the year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, just wanted to make sure I was on the same page. Second small question. Hurricane Ike impact $17 million in the third quarter. Is it... do you have a sense of what kind of follow-on impact will be in the fourth quarter here as we kind of get it back up to pre-Ike level?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: There shouldn't be a significant impact, we've got probably around 5000 customers down along the coast, residential customers that are without power because their homes have been substantially impacted and destroyed in some cases. But I don't think that will... you will be able to really detect that in the number. So I would suggest that the impact from a revenue standpoint should be very, very minimal going forward.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Appreciate that. And then last question, just going back to field services that has nice bump up in the EBIT. I guess I just wanted to make sure, I understood what if any of the commodity component was in there year-over-year, if you look at volumes lines were up a little bit just purely on kind of a tariff revenue divided by volume, there was a nice big spike in the implied fee, if you will, I just want to make sure I understand specifically what's going on there?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Third quarter commodity prices had little impact, if any, on our EBITDA. I would say it's negligible. All of that increase came from two areas. One was just throughput. We had more facilities, we had greater volumes and that's the reflection of really a lot of the investment we've been making over the years. And secondly, we did have a... some system gas due to system imbalances that were trued up, and we had a $7 million favorable gain from that. That's a one-time that happens from time-to-time, but it's not... certainly not something you count on. But I think to look at our run rate, you eliminate that $7 million from the change, and you get a good run rate year-over-year.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks for the clarification.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Siegel with Canaccord Adams.
Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams: Hi, good morning. With regards to your plans to implement AMI, do you still anticipate the PUC ruling by year-end, and what are your endpoint deployment volume expectations for '09?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's really hard to say, Mark. My guess today is that we will not get an order out of the commission. There have been no hearings held, all those hearings were put on hold as we talk and the parties continue to talk, but I think there is a lot of issues we're talking about there now. So I would expect that it will be into next year before we get in agreement that we get before the PUC, or PUC may actually have to hear the case. So, I think it will be well into next year before we start spending a lot of money on advanced metering.
Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams: Okay. And then any sense of what participation levels had been like in the accelerated 125,000 endpoint opportunity?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Very minor, I mean, a handful I would say. Reliant Energy was very interested in that, and I think they've run into their own issues and they have slowed down a lot.
Mark Siegel - Canaccord Adams: Okay. Thanks so much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Goldenberg with Luminous Management.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Congratulations on an excellent quarter. I wanted to further ask about your liquidity position and just ability to generate cash flow and investment capital expenditures even if there is a delay in recovery of the storm cost? Could you walk me through that again, just in case there is a delay?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. I'll be glad to. This is Gary. I think if you go back to my prepared comments, obviously we have our credit facilities are available to us and liquidity they are undrawn on those. I think Michael, you have to really start looking at our businesses which are very solid businesses. So if you think about sources of cash in the company, the sources of cash or operating cash flow from our businesses. And as David described, we're very focused on working capital management and management of allocating frankly fixed capital as well. So, we're going to continue and if you think about the fourth quarter and you think about in the next year, we're going to generate sources of cash from our operational cash flow, which will fund our CapEx and our dividend and will fund Ike. We may draw some of our facilities to fund a portion of the Ike cost, but frankly that depends on the capital markets. As I said earlier, Michael, one source of cash for us will be the SESH financing issue, as I mentioned earlier. We have been funding that. Our partner has been funding as well and our expectation is to permanently finance that into the capital markets. So, that'll be a source of cash. But we will continue to generate operational cash flow. We're going to do one other thing as I mentioned on the call, we're going to... and this is really for timing purposes and I don't expect to draw it, but we are going to put a backup credit facility at Houston Electric, a backstop credit facility. We've launched it at $450 million, we think it's prudent. Frankly, not from the standpoint of the process that we'll follow with the... both the legislative process and the PUC, it's really the capital market and making sure that we have a good solid position behind the capital markets ensuring that they open up and they open up effectively into next year. And as you know, this is a financing for next year, so fingers crossed for everyone that capital market start opening up. So we have set ourselves up with solid liquidity facilities that support our business and then we generate a significant amount of liquidity ourselves and we'll manage that as well responsible.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: And you've cleared your plan with rating agencies and all on board and everything is fine with them?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, the rating agencies, we have an active dialogue and I just mentioned, I just updated on the rating agencies discussion, and they absolutely see where we're going with the company in this regard.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: And finally, maybe I missed this one point, but as the 650 to 750 cost, how much have actually already been paid. What percentage of invoice has already been settled?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Look, through September as you would expect, through September 30, it's about $72 million of the amount have been paid. If you look at year end, you will probably have another $600 million of that. The total cost, some of these will trail into next year, we don't have it all accrued obviously by the end of the year, so about 72 million paid September 30, there is another $600 million that will be paid in fourth quarter.
Michael Goldenberg - Luminous Management: Got it. Thank you.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I was wondering if you could comment specifically on the field services CapEx. I think your prior guidance was something for around $85 million of CapEx in '09, down from like around $150 in '08. Can you just comment on what do you expect '08 to be and if the '09 outlook for field services CapEx is still around that level?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me just remind myself on... I think we are continuing to see a lot of opportunities in this area. We have got a lot of good solid producers we are working with. I expect that the capital opportunities in '09 are going to be at least, if not more than the opportunities we saw in '08. In '08 we had a total capital budget of about $166 million. We may not spend all of that, but we see lots of good opportunities out there. We've got some great relationships with some producers that... we are working with them very closer to make sure that we understand the timing of their drilling and their production. So we don't put facilities in place until they are absolutely needed. But I think we are going to have some very attractive opportunities next year, Steve.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: What was the spending for the first nine months of the year in field services?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let's see, is about... about 77... about $80 million.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: About 80 million?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And so you expect '09 should at least be at an equal run rate with '08 based on what you see for that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that's exactly right. I actually think it's going to be more than '08 given some of the opportunities we see today.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And it looks like the volume growth in this quarter and really frankly for the first nine months of the year, is somewhat decelerated from what you've seen in past years. And I am just curious, you mentioned some regional differences in some of the areas you operate, and I am just curious if you have a view on kind of how the markets you are operating in how they are growing versus how your business is growing? Do you still see the market growing in excess of what you are growing at or is it the other way around?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I haven't ever made a study of how our throughput compares to kind of the overall increase in the marketplace. I do know this, the shale plays whether it be Fayetteville, Haynesville, Woodford, there is lots of drilling and that production is way up and the traditional basins that we gathered in for many, many years that production continues to be up as well. It hadn't been up as much as the shale plays because they are starting in terms of percentage wise, they are starting from a much different point. But I think that we are seeing substantial production in both the traditional and new shale plays. The real question I think is will the traditional basins, will they still continue the level of drilling in those areas? The last 4, 5 years we've connected 400 wells to our system each year, most of those have been in these traditional basins. And certainly, I think there is going to be continued drilling. It's not going to fall off the wall, but we think that it could ratchet back from the 400 level. Back five years ago, before natural gas prices started accelerating, we would see around 220 to 250 wells a year connected to our system. So, it's probably going to be somewhere between where it was back then and what we see in the last few years.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So I guess based on you view to commit high levels of capital for the business, and in total you expect volumes to continue to grew, is that fair?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that's exactly right.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then my final question is on another topic, for Houston Electric, in terms of the storm cost. Are you able to capitalize the interest cost associated with funding those expenditures until you securitize them, or they would be expensed, the interest cost would be expensed between now and securitization?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me... I don't think we capitalized them, but we expect to be able to recover the carrying cost once we get into securitization, but until we get our financing order out of the commission, we are not going to be capitalizing any of the interest carry on those storm costs.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So, there will be somewhat of a timing mismatch, you know you're going to have expense in the first two quarters, and then revenue recovering to offset those expenses once...?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct. There will be somewhat of a mismatch in timing.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi, guys.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Faisel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Just, if you can... can you remind us what the process was for Entergy when they went through this? And how long it took them from when they went to the legislature and then when they got the recovery bond?
Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: Faisel, it's Scott. Their situation was a little different in that the storm that they were dealing with, Rita and Katrina happened at almost the same time during the year, September timeframe. But they were in a off year, so they actually had their legislation passed as part of a special session. So, the two timeframes are not exactly consistent. But my recollection is that the storm within September, the legislation was passed, they took their... made their application before the Public Utility Commission, and then settled their financing order and their cost recovery docket with the various interveners in that case. And then I believe they actually issued there securitization bond about a year after the storm.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. In the case that we are talking about your... you're looking at a legislature meeting in January, and then the projected issuance of securitization bonds before the end of the third quarter, is that right?
Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: Right. And let me explain to you. There is... we're speculating a little bit in that we expect our legislation to mirror the Entergy legislation. And the Entergy legislation had a 150-day timeframe for the PUC to act, once the application for the securitization bonds was filed, the application for the cost recovery timeframe. So we expect the legislature to begin meeting in January, which it will and in Texas, the Governor has the ability to include within his call to the legislature a series of legislation that can be acted upon within the first 60 days. And we anticipate that the Governor will include in that call all of the various hurricane-related pieces of legislation that the legislature has to take up. So our hope is that we will have the legislative authorization done relatively quickly in this session and then the timing will be related to how quickly we can actually file with the commission for a cost recovery and how quickly the commission will act on that or we're able to work out a settlement with our various parties the way Entergy did.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: And Scott, the only other thing is you mentioned by the end of the second quarter, hopefully, we can do that quickly, but it maybe into the third quarter before for these bonds get out of the door. It really depends on how quickly this process goes there, Scott.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. Then... thank you, Scott. Gary, I believe you said the available liquidity... can you remind what the available liquidity is currently, I know you mentioned it but I missed that number?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 1.2 billion.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, got you. And then the incremental rates that you guys got on your transmission assets for new capital that went into those into that PP&E. The $17 million in operating income is what you expect, is that kind of... is that next year?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We'll give a little bit this year because it went into effect in... well, today maybe a couple million dollars, but the majority of it will be next year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And then Minnesota, the Minnesota rate case, the $60 million rate request. That's been filed and what's the timeline on that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We probably will not get an order until the fourth quarter of next year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And is there a potential for a settlement there or is that going to be litigated [ph] there?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's... I'm not sure how to answer that. We always try to settle our cases. We'll put in interim rates in January. So there will be I think some emphasis to try to settle, but we have not been as successful in Minnesota in settling rate cases as in the other jurisdiction. So, I think you can probably assume a fully litigated case here.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And on the... in terms of the number of customers you have in competitive natural gas business; that seems to have jumped up quite substantially over last year. What's the... what's happening there, just kind of give us a little color around that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think that relates to a small book of business we bought last year and it's really that was the increase from last year. It's reflected in this year's numbers that happens since the third quarter of last year. So it's simply the customers we purchased in essence. And then there are... we've added some customers, but not that magnitude.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: David, one last question on the AMI kind of interest, you said there was only a limited amount of participation by the REPs. Clearly the REPs are having their own issues right now. I mean given that the PUCT seems to have a desire to put this cap... put this technology in place what you think the end game is here, given the situation when the REPs and given the desire by the PUCT to put these meters in place?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think ultimately we are going to have full deployment across all our system. Faisel, I think the real question is one of timing, and I think it's when we get started and how fast we go, but I think over a five or six-year period, I think we are going to have fully deployed advanced metering system in Houston.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the time, guys.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Yiktat Fung with Zimmer Lucas Partner.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Hello?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hello, yes.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Good morning. First a couple of questions regarding the revision in guidance. I was just wondering exactly which segments are currently performing than... better than what you expected at the beginning of this year?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that, we've had good performance to be very honest, across the board, but certainly our field services and our pipeline segments have performed better than our expectations. Gas LDCs are performing more or less the way we expected them to. Houston Electric, especially given Ike I think is doing well, but the biggest increases have been in our pipeline and field services over what we expected at the beginning of the year.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And then when should we expect the company to issue 2009 guidance?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We usually do that when we release fourth quarter earnings, which would be in February, March of next year... February of next year I guess.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Earlier in the call you were talking about half the field service segment has a bit of exposure to commodities through processing contracts. I was wondering what portion of this contracts are fee-based versus commodity sensitive?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: If you look at our pure gathering, it's 95% fee-based. But we do have processing facilities that are not completely fee-based and... but we have no keep whole contracts but we have a percentage of proceeds, so we take liquids in and we sell those liquids and those prices have been very attractive. So we've done well with those. But I would say that 90% of our revenues are fee-based, but we have some exposure to both natural gas prices and liquid prices for that other 10%.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: And just one last question, you talked a bit about the transmission rate increase versus electric, I was wondering when the next distribution rate case would be?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we are in a rate freeze today. We have to... we can file as early as 2010 using a test year I think 12 months ended 2009, so December 2009. So first time, we could file with the... in June of 2010.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line Debra Bromberg with Jefferies & Company.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.: Hi, good morning. I just wanted to get clarification on something regarding the expected timing of the issuance of securitization bonds, if you go in that direction. Did you say that you're looking at sometime mid next year?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We've said by the summer of the next year and that's a pretty wide range, we recognize that. But it just depends on how quickly we can get the legislation passed and the regulatory process takes, but we believe by mid-year next year is the good target that we're targeting, and that's what we're trying to push for.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.: So if I... I think with Entergy and Hurricane Rita, if I'm not mistaken, it took well over a year, so that's why that timeframe sounds a little aggressive to me. But what are your thoughts on the timeframe for the regulatory process at the PUC?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know, I think it's probably three or four months, I would say. We've talked to the commission; I understand we want to have a quick but thorough review of all these costs. I think they believe that securitization is the right way to go. But you have to get all across the end, you have to get them all reviewed and audited and documented. So that's going to take time and be very honest, that's probably one of the steps that determines when we can actually file because it does take a while to get some of these costs in. We still have contractors from out of state doing work on our system today. We believe by the middle of this month, all those contractors will be back where they came from, but then they have to get all their costs bill to us, we have to audit them. So that's going to take sometime and it'll be well into early next year to get that done. Then we can... and simultaneously we'll be working with the legislature trying to get some legislations passed and hopefully those two things will coincide and we can get something filed in the first quarter of next year and then keep that process moving.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Co.: Well, thank you.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Danielle Seitz with Seitz Research.
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Danielle?
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: To pension funding, could you advice that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, our pension assets have been impacted just like I guess every other pension assets across the country and we've had substantial under performance against I assume return, we assume these assets will earn at 8.5%. So, there could be substantial change in our asset base and if that happens at the end of the year, we're going to see higher pension cost, there is no doubt about that. I think we have to kind of let this play out, but it's... that's an issue that could impact us next year. Yes.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Okay. And you'll have more color I guess when at the end of the year?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry, would you ask that again?
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: You'll really have more details at the... toward the end of the year?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah absolutely, you have to get to the end of the year, see where your assets are, run your actuarial studies to get what your pension costs are. And certainly when we discuss guidance in the first quarter of next year, we'll give full disclosure on that... or full discussion on it.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: And just a more general question. What's... given the fact that your earnings are getting more diversified, what type of payout ratio would do you feel comfortable with over the longer term?
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Payout.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Payout ratio?
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Yes, please.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We've talked about that we want to payout between 50 and 75% of our earnings in dividends. And I believe that's still a good range to be using. So, that's what guides us. We clearly know that our investors look at us as a dividend yield play, and they want growth. But they want growth that is based on a clearly low risk kind of growth so... but we look at growing our dividend and hopefully we can do that in the future.
Danielle Seitz - Seitz Research: Thank you.
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Okay. Tina?
Operator: Yes, ma'am.
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: We are running a little bit over, but I think we'll take one more question.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question will come from the line of Leon Debow [ph] with Catapult Capital Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just wanted to check on this, Minnesota rate hikes that you guys are going to put in interim rates for, do you get to book all of those as earnings, or is it just cash until you get the final order?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You get the cash, and we'll make an estimate and a fairly conservative estimate of how much we think we'll get to ultimately keep, and we'll... so we will not book them all as revenues. We will make some type of estimate of what we think will ultimately happen in the rate case.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And also, you guys had a franchise tax refund, how big was that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was a little less than $5 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one final question. You had a... you said, you're not really seeing many gas players pulling back in your regions, what price level do you think is sort of the breakeven point for a lot of the drillers there, where, I guess gas continues to slide I guess, where do you think will we see an impact?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I wish I knew the answer to that. I will say, a number of the producers we work with, they hedge their gas forward for a year-to-time. So, it probably will not impact next year nearly as much as it might impact the following years. But, I would say, in the 5 and $6 range, the shale play still look attractive. If you get down much below that, I think people will start slowing down, but that's purely an educated guess on my part, and I wouldn't put a lot of weight on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Okay. Thank you very much, Tina. I would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director, IR David M. McClanahan - President and CEO Gary L. Whitlock - EVP and CFO Scott Rozzell - EVP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remarks. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our second quarter 2008 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 PM Central Time through Wednesday, August 13, 2008. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 55421944. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I am pleased to summarize our performance for the second quarter of 2008. This morning we reported net income of $101 million for the first quarter or $0.30 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $70 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period last year. Operating income was $297 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $242 million for the second quarter of 2007. Over the last few years, we've made strategic investments, particularly in our interstate pipeline and field services business unit, which continue to contribute to the growth in our profitability. These two segments had an excellent quarter and our utilities also reported solid results. Our overall financial results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas assets. Now let me review the performance of each of our business segments. Houston Electric had operating income of $129 million in the second quarter, an increase of over 9% from the comparable period in 2007 when operating income was $118 million. We continue to benefit from strong growth in our Houston service territory compared to other parts of the country, adding nearly 52,000 customers since last June. While growth may moderate may moderate some the rest of the year, we still expect overall customer growth in 2008 to remain very strong. We also benefited from increased customer usage this quarter due to warmer weather in our service territory, which was partially offset by higher transmission costs billed to us by other transmissions providers and increase in other operating expenses. In addition, we have recorded a $9 million gain on a land sale this quarter. While the second quarter of last year included a $17 million favorable settlement related to our final fuel reconciliation. Over the last several years, we have continued to invest in a number of new transmission projects in our service territory. In order to recover the increased costs related to them, we plan to file a transmission cost of [ph] service rate increase next month, which we expect will result in an annual increase of approximately $15 million. As you now, utilities in Texas can change their transmission rates to reflect new investments without going through a complete rate case, which mitigates the regulatory lag associated with transmission investments. ERCOT has estimated that substantial new transmission and interconnection investments will be needed over the next five years to accommodate growth and relieve congestion in Texas. We expect to make approximately 500 million to $1 billion in new transmission and interconnection investments in our service territory during this timeframe. Houston Electric continues to pursue an advanced metering system and the implementation of an intelligent grid. In May, we filed an initial advanced metering deployment plan and surcharge request which calls for installing up to 250,000 meters and related infrastructure over the next three years at an estimated capital cost of approximately $250 million. We have been exploring ways to settle the timing and nature of our deployment with the other parties in this proceeding and have recently been granted a 60 day extension to the statutory deadline to allow for further discussion. We expect a decision by the PUC on our plan before the end of the year. In advance of receiving approval of our deployment plan and at the request of the retail electric providers, we have rates in agreement for an accelerated meter deployment plan, which is awaiting PUC approval. This agreement would allow us to install up to 125,000 advanced meters, related communications equipment and back office systems at the request of retail electric providers who will provide funding in advance for all costs. Subject to PUC approval of the agreement, installation of advanced meters for REP designated residential customers could begin as early as late this month. REPs who participate in this voluntary program will have the opportunity to market and test new products and offerings and evaluate market response. We would subsequently reimburse the amount advanced by the REP to the extent the equipment is utilized in our advanced metering plan and we recover the costs either through a surcharge or though base rates. Now let me turn to our natural gas distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $4 million compared to $8 million for the same period of 2007. Due to its seasonal nature, this business typically has minimal earnings in the second quarter. We continue to benefit some solid customer growth, adding nearly 34,000 customers since last June. We also benefited from a rate increase implemented in Arkansas last November. Higher natural gas prices, however, led to an increase in bad debt expense and we also experienced higher customer-related and support services costs. We are continuing to pursue right strategies to decouple our earnings from the volume of gas we sell and to recover costs on a timelier basis. This strategy encompasses mechanisms such as weather normalization clauses, revenue and cost of service adjustments and decoupling. These strategies are particularly important in the volatile and high natural gas price environment we are experiencing and the increased focus on conversation and energy efficiency. Last year we were successful in implementing rate decoupling in Arkansas, and this year, we obtained a weather normalization in Oklahoma and have reached the settlement with most of the cities in our Texas coast jurisdiction that includes an adjustment mechanism to recognize changes in the revenue, cost of service and investment. In jurisdictions where we do not have such mechanisms, we will continue to use weather hedges as appropriate. Operationally, we continue to build on the momentum we gained last year from productivity improvements and an enhanced business model. Our competitive natural gas sales and services segment reported an operating loss of $5 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to a loss of $4 million last year. Our core business of selling natural gas to commercial and industrial customers was comparable to last year. In the second quarter of 2007, we recorded a $5 million write-down of inventory to the lower cost or market and mark-to-market losses of $6 million resulting from derivatives we use to lock in economic gains of this business. In the second quarter of this year, we recorded $10 million in mark-to-market losses. While the derivatives are marked to market each quarter, the physical sales which are being hedged by the derivatives are accounted for on an accrual basis. This tends to create quarterly fluctuations in earnings. Upon settlement of both the physical sales and the derivatives, the lock in economic margin will be realized and these losses will be offset. Our primary focus is to grow this business by expanding our commercial and industry customer base while capturing asset optimization opportunities when they become in the marketplace. Our interstate pipeline segment recorded strong earnings for the second quarter with operating income of $101 million compared to $52 million last year. Operating income for the second quarter included an $18 million gain from the sale of two gas storage development projects, increased ancillary services and the completion of the first two phases of our 172 mile pipeline between Carthage, Texas and our Perryville Hub in Northeast Louisiana. Phase I with almost 1 billion cubic feet per day capacity went into service in May of 2007 and Phase II, which brought the capacity to 1.25 billion cubic feet per day went into service last August. We placed Phase III in service in April of this year, bringing the total capacity to 1.5 billion cubic feet per day. Phases 1 and 2 have been running at nearly 100% capacity since they went into service and Phase III is now fully subscribed. We recently held a non-bonding open season to gauge interest in additional pipeline capacity in this area. We received substantial interest and we are evaluating the economics of further expanding this pipeline by adding additional compression and are looping the entire line. We expect there will be substantial competition from others to serve the growing production in this area. A second major project, the Southeast Supply Header, or SESH, a joint venture with Spectra, is currently under construction and is expected to be in service later this year. SESH will have capacity of 1 billion cubic feet per day, of which 95% is already under contract with a solid group of shippers. As most of you know, the ultimate cost of this project is significantly higher than our original estimate. Our investment in SESH is not expected to be approximately $600 million. SESH is well positioned to serve the growing Southeast market and there are future expansion options if warranted by market demand. Expansion of our core pipelines also remains a priority. We have built a number of new laterals off our existing pipelines to serve new customer facilities. In addition, producer drilling near our facilities remains high, particularly in the Woodford, Fayetteville and Haynesville shale areas, and we continue to work with producers on getting this new natural gas production to market. Now let me turn to our field services segment. We reported operating income of $32 million for the second quarter of 2008 compared to $27 million for 2007. This business unit continues to benefit from the strong drilling activity and increased production in the mid-continent area. Our field services business also has a 50% ownership in natural gas processing facilities that continue to expand. The equity income that we recorded from this joint venture increased to $4 million compared to $2 million in the second quarter of 2007. Drilling in and around existing gathering footprint in the Arkoma, Anadarko and ArkLaTex basins remains robust. Further significant activity in the Woodford, Fayetteville and Haynesville shale areas has caused a substantial increase in new project opportunities. The drilling forecast for the shale plays as well as our traditional basins indicate that this trend will continue for a number of years. We continue to take advantage of these market dynamics and have increased our growth capital budget for 2008 by approximately $125 million. Going forward, natural gas development near our existing assets will remain very active and additional facilities will be needed to get natural gas to market. We expect to continue to pursue growth projects in our footprint in order to grow the profitability of this business. In closing, I would like to remind you of the $0.1825 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors last month. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Before I turn the call over to Gary, let me thank our employees for all their hard work and preparation in connection with Tropical Storm Edouard. As it turned out, we were fortunate that this storm had very little impact in our service territory, but our employees did a great job in making preparations in case it came through. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. I would like to discuss a few items with you this morning. First, let me address recent credit rating agency actions. Last month, Fitch and Moody's issued summary opinions [ph] in which they confirmed their ratings on CenterPoint Energy, Houston Electric and CERC, maintaining stable rating outlook. We continue to adhere to the financial discipline necessary to maintain and improve our credit metrics while remaining focused on improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. There are a number of financing developments that I wanted to share with you this morning as well. First, as David indicated, the SESH project is expected to be placed in service later this year. And we're working with our partner, Spectra Energy, to develop a permanent financing structure for the project. Our goal is to complete the financing after SESH has been placed in service. Both partners have been funding their respective shares of the construction cost so far. Second, in May, the parent company issued $300 million of senior notes due in 2018 with an interest rate of 6.5%. The proceeds were uses for general corporate purposes including the cash payments made in connection with the conversion of our 3.75% convertible senior notes, which I will discuss in a moment. Third, also in May, CERC issued $300 million of senior notes due in 2018 with an interest rate of 6%. The proceeds were used to pay down debt. The fourth financing development involves the retirement of the company's convertible notes. In 2003, we issued $575 million of 3.75% convertible senior notes due in 2023. These securities were callable by the company in May of this year and in April we gave notice of a call for redemption. As I mentioned in our last call, we began to see a number of holders convert these securities at the end of 2007. And by the date we delivered our call notice, there were approximately $391 million of principal amount of notes that remained outstanding and were subject to the call. Substantially all of these notes were submitted for conversion on or before the May 30th redemption date. To settle the conversion of these remaining notes, we issued approximately 12.2 million shares and paid cash of about $390 million, which was partially funded by our $300 million debt issuance. Finally, I would like to discuss our earnings guidance. Considering our performance to date and various economic and operational assumptions, this morning in the earning release, we announced that we now expect our 2008 earnings to be in the upper half of our guidance range of $1.15 to $1.25 per diluted share. In providing our earnings estimate for the year, we have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities for the rest of the year. In our guidance, we have not attempted to predict the timing effects of mark to market or inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive natural gas sales and services business. As David indicated, these effects are timing related and ultimately do not impact the economics of the underlying transaction. Finally, we have made certain assumptions including the timing of asset in service dates as well as the timing and outcome of certain regulatory proceedings. As the year unfolds, we will continue to update you on our earnings expectations. Now let me thank you for your interest in the company and I will turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you, Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourselves to one question and a follow up. Tina, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question? Question And Answer
Operator: At this time, we will begin taking questions. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Congratulations on a good quarter. I'm kind of curious about something. If you take last year's second and fourth [ph] quarter earnings per share number, it's about $0.60 and you've done $0.66 so far. That adds up to 1.26. And that's assuming no growth and no benefits going forward from any of the customer issues. It seems like to me the guidance range is somewhat on the low end. What's it going to take to move the guidance up above the current range?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, I think that's a fair question. Obviously, we have looked at the same thing. We believe that range we've given and especially now that we have moved to the high end of our range is the right call at this stage. We have only gotten through six months of actual performance. All over businesses are performing well, but we always have unknowns that crop up. Weather is always an uncertainty, both a Houston Electric and the LDC. So frankly, we just need to get another quarter under our belt before we do any changing of our overall guidance.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I see. The Houston weather was particularly hot in the months of late May and early June, but the end result wasn't as what I would have thought given the weather. Was there anything that was kind of holding things back? You mentioned transmission costs were higher. How much higher was that cost that the results didn't reflect the full weather from what I can tell?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: A couple of things going on. One is that weather was warmer. I think like cooling degree days are like $0.11 above... 11% above normal. So we had a good weather quarter. We are experiencing some, what we call net tea cost [ph], which is the what we get charged from other transmission providers versus what we charge. And that cost us about $5 million in the quarter. We also have some increased operating expenses primarily related to information technology and some other things that cost another 5 million. That's been a theme all year. Growth helped some. We probably got 5 or $6 million from growth and we really didn't see much conservation this quarter. We had seen some the first quarter of the year, but those are the big items that impacted us in the second quarter, Lasan.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. If I may, just one last question. How bad is the bad debt situation getting in the gas LDCs?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are about $6 million year-to-date over last year.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from the line of Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Guys, nice quarter. I don't want to be obtuse on the guidance, but I just want to make sure I am understanding. Are you seeing that within the forecast range you use, say for instance first half of '08 you are using more GAAP numbers and then you don't project sales mark-to-market impacts et cetera going forward, or are you normalizing first quarter and second quarter for the asset sales, the mark-to-market impacts et cetera?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well one is we don't try to estimate mark-to-market losses or gains or [ph] inventory write-downs. As you know, we've taken a fair number of mark-to-market losses this year. Now prices have really tumbled the last couple of weeks, and obviously some of those losses will turn around. But we kind of ignore those because we think those are purely timing. So we are taking our performance today, eliminating the mark-to-market impact and looking at our real performance the second half of the year as we have forecasted, and that's what we base our guidance on.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And that is also normalized for asset sales?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. I just apologize. I just want --
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well let me re... tell you what I meant by that. We are including the gas storage sale that we had in the second quarter in our guidance.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Including the gas storage, okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We sell some gas storage development projects in the second quarter. That's included in our guidance.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: But nothing going forward.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Well that's helpful and actually segues into the second quarter question, because with respect to the idea of the... we have the I guess the broader issue of the Perryville Hub concept then linking in with the Carthage, Perryville Phase IV. I guess I am trying figure out, one, does the sale of the storage have any impact, positive or negative on the hub concept as you guys were out doing the Carthage to Perryville Phase IV. Was that hub concept something that was attractive to producers at the time? And then maybe even just kind of as you answer that, I would think that given the amount of gas that might be coming out, particularly in the Haynesville that we can't stop at Perryville and so don't know if there are further long haul expansion opportunities you can talk about.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the hub concept is an attractive concept. We are interconnected to 16 pipelines right there at Perryville. There is probably 5 or 6 BCF a day that's going to be going through that hub. And as you know, we have filed and have approved now as FERC a firm tariff now. We only had an interruptible tariff up until just a few weeks ago. And we believe that's going to be attractive to a number of parties to make sure they have firm service rather than just interruptible service. Now I don't know that that impacts the additional capacity that's needed out of the Carthage area, out of the Haynesville area. I think it makes it more attractive overall to get into Perryville. But our view is that we are going to... there is going to be some pipeline capacity needed to get all that Haynesville as well as Woodford gas to market. It just so happens, that's one of the things that we have an open season on to gauge interest there. And I think there is a fair amount of interest shown by producers that need more outlet capacity. Now there is going to be a lot of competition for that any new pipe, but I think we have already built one in there and we are right there in the thick of things.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And as far as the possibility of doing something further east?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You might very well have to get past Perryville depending on which pipe you are talking about. We also have an open season or had one in looking at additional pipeline capacity to get the Fayetteville Shale gas out. And you might get very well [ph] go to different interconnections other than Perryville with some of that gas. But I think there is going to be some pipe built beyond Perryville. We haven't spent a lot of time and effort looking at that.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Barry Klein with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Actually, Faisel from Citigroup. Just... I had a question on the proposed build out of transmission to tap some of the wind resources in West Texas. Is there any interest by you guys or any plan by you guys to invest in or to look at some of that transmission, or for that matter maybe tie some of those projects into some of your territory in Houston?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We looked pretty hard at that Faisel, and we decided that we really weren't interested in going out to West Texas and building a bunch of transmissions. We don't have any service territory out there. We are interested, however, if any of that transmission comes into the Houston area to build the part of it that is in our service territory. There was a proposal to build a high voltage line into Houston. It wasn't adopted by the PUC, but if they had ever come back to that kind of proposal, we would be very interested in building the facility that would been tied into our own grid here in Houston. But other than that, at least as this stage, we are not interested in it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: As it turns out, as we look at what needs to be done regardless of the wind investment, there is plenty of new investments that are needed over the next five years or so just the normal growth congestion, interconnections with new generators. There is going to be a lot, lot of activity right here in the service activity and I think we are going to have plenty of attractive investments.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And then just looking at your press release for both the electric transmission and distribution and also the interstate pipeline, you reported that you had higher revenues from ancillary services on the electric transmission side and on the interstate pipeline side. Can you describe kind of what was going on there and what those services are being driven by?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: On the ancillary services, it's really the distribution side. And a couple of years ago, we had in place a number of new tariffs that really relate to connects, disconnects and things like that. And those new tariffs are producing additional revenues for us. So that's kind of business as usual. It gives a new structure. On the transmission, the pipeline side, those ancillary services are really off-system type of services because basis has remained high across our system. So we have a fair number of shippers that are just crossing our system to get to another pipeline. We have some system management type of revenues there, which is taken to account the balancing revenues and things of that sort. We have a number of power plants on our system as you now. We have had a fair amount of revenue related to those power plants this year, and there are also some commodity type processing fees that we have also picked up. So it's a myriad of things, all of them kind of relate to the marketplace we find ourselves in today.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And if I was looking at your... the demand in your electric tertiary, if you were to adjust for weather, what do you see in terms of weather normalize the demand for electricity on a per capita basis? Is it down, up, flat? I mean what are we seeing with demand at these high prices?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We didn't see much in the second quarter, but if we look at it on year-to-date basis, it appears to us that consumption at the residential level is down 2% for sale. So, its not significant and probably our morals are not sophisticated enough to know effective percentage is really whether a conservation but our expectation is with the first part of the year when this higher electric process first came in deploy that customer started conserving and we thank we have started thing add in some of our consumption figure so we would expect all our electric prices is destroying the moderate low good as the end process is come down. I think that help some but so called this year we thank its been the 2% decline range.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay great. Thanks for the time guys.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: On the sale of the storage properties, I was just curious why you decided to sell those. It seemed like it was good enough an opportunity for you to develop on your own.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, a couple of reasons. First is we do believe that there is some storage needed near our Perryville Hub area. And these... the folks we sold it to are committed to building that storage. We do have an option to take some of that capacity for our own use. And I would expect we are going to do some of that. I am not sure how much we are going to take, but we felt we could get enough of the benefits from buying the capacity we need for our customers and for our own use as opposed to investing, which would be in the 3, $400 million range to develop these projects. We had some other opportunities we were looking at and we felt we could get just as much benefit through having somebody else develop it and us buy capacity.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the gains you called out in your earnings release, those are pre-tax numbers, correct?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And you mentioned that you included the gain from the storage sale and guidance. But do you include the again from the land sale of Houston Electric in guidance also?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, what we did is we simply took to date, which included all of those things and we said now let's... looking forward, let's take our plan and normalized weather and see what we get.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: But we did include all our performance to date.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And it looks like the tax rate for the second quarter was 28%. My recollection is you were guiding to something like 36% for the year. Is that still the case?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, I think we've guided about 37 to 38% for the year. I'd remind you that Texas, there is an adjustment to Texas margin tax, which used to be a deduction from operating income is about 2%. That's now in the tax rate. I think in the second quarter, though, I think it's 38%. I think last year was 29%, this year is 38%. But I will guide you to 37, 38%, Steve, for the tax rate.
Unidentified Analyst: I just see... I'm sorry, okay, thank you very much.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Danielle Sietz [ph] with Sietz Research [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Just wondering when the investments in the smart meter is starting to curl into the earnings. Do you have a sense of that, or is it when the whole 125,000 meters come in effect?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well the 125,000 meters, which is the advanced plan really is going to be funded by some... by the retail energy providers. So our actual investment will not start in earnest until 2009. And it would begin in and we are still trying to work with the parties on the exact schedule and scope of that deployment. But I would guide you to 2009 before that would start.
Unidentified Analyst: And this will be automatically... it will almost like a rider allowed by the Commission, is that the way you see it?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, there will be a special tariff that would cover all our costs and return on our investment in these facilities. So yes, it would be a special tariff.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of '09 and '10 investments, do you have a sense for the magnitude of the investment for those two years?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we... in our plan we filed at the Public Utility Commission, we said that we would spend $250 million over the first two to three years in that on those facilities.
Unidentified Analyst: And in terms of the your... the gas [ph] pipeline with Spectra, you said that there has been a bit of cost overrun related to the previous estimates. Do you think that the return might also be a little bit more modest than the one you have on the pipeline, the Perryville pipeline?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: And a lot more?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well obviously, we are disappointed in the cost overruns. I guess the whole industry has faced similar cost overruns. But the return is going to be hurt because of these cost overruns. It's just the math on it. Now, as you know, these are long lived pipes. You amortize these costs over 40 years. So it's not going to have a huge dramatic impact on operating income, but on a pure project type return, there is no question that this project isn't going to be as attractive as the Carthage to Perryville line.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Siegel with Canaccord Adams.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Just with regards to the your AMI deployment that you already outlined. When is the 60 day exemption run up?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think now that the Commission... they have until early December to make a decision, there is a statutory timeframe of 150 days. And just so we didn't bump up against that, we extended that by 60 I think, which was extended out to like December, the of first or second week in December.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then just on the potential accelerated deployment, do you expect one way or the other at the next PUC meeting or how will that work?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think they have it on their agency for August 14th.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you. I just want to ask a couple of follow-up questions. There has been some discussion about reduction in capital spending from E&P companies. Are you A, feeling the effects or seeing the effects and B, is this something that we should be concerned about?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We have not seen any impacts of that in the shale plays or in the mid-continent area. We see as much activity there is as we have ever seen.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: So you are drilling expectations are still 400 well type situations?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's exactly right. We expect that just our traditional wells will be in the 400 range.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Great. And then there is a lot of discussion and talk about wind becoming a major factor in the Texas power market. And obviously wind is not extraordinarily predictable. So there is a lot of concerns about the stabilization of the grid. Is this something that concerns you and if so, how do you mitigate the risks of very large quantities of wind being hooked up to the system?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well it's something that certainly our transmission planners take into account. And you have to look at what... how you back out wind. And there is still... there is going to need to be a fair amount of gas powered generation I think to back it up, Lasan. And there are some other things that you can do on the grid to help with voltage and stabilization. But I think the big deal is how you deal with it. And what happened in April when we saw that windfall loss, we had a lot of loads that were acting as a resource and we called on them and they fell off. So I think it can be dealt with. I just think you have to plan around it.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Is there some opportunities for CenterPoint to gather more fees or earn more money on this?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think there may be more investment that we have to make as result of more wind coming in. And I think that there is also an issue around demand reduction and how we play in that game. Certainly, I think the advanced metering system will help with that kind of a demand reduction it facilitates at the residential level. So there could be some opportunities in that arena.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: And would the 500 million to $1 billion of additional transmission spending encompass part of [ph] these projects?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well we have estimated what we think we are going to have to spend over the next five years. So not the demand side part, but certainly just looking at how you manage the grid. I think the... our transmission planners have taken some of that into account, yes.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I see, I see. And the other stuff that you mentioned were things like hook up of new power plants and expansion of the grid, et cetera, correct?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Excellent, thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is follow-up question from Carl Kirst with BMO Capital.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Very quickly on the back on the Carthage to Perryville Phase IV now with good strong non -binding support, is there a timeframe where you think that that might actually go down into a binding open season? I mean I understand there is lot of negotiations now and a lot of competition. But is that something that we might be able to see by year end, at least as far as entering into a binding open season? How should we think about that on timing?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would... I think certainly by year end, we'll have a lot better idea if that's going to be a real project for us. We clearly... we talked... we are talking with producers, we are looking at options there. But we are hopeful that by year end, that will... we'll have a lot more clarity around that.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Was there ever when you were first going with producers, was there ever a specific magnitude discussed, half fee a day [ph] or what the --
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is a... in a non-binding open season, you get lots of interest, but there is substantially more than that that was expressed. Now whether or not all that turns into real firm demand, but it was a couple of Bs a day that were expressed. We'll see how much of that is real.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Sure and absolutely. And then lastly and just asking, any chatter on the Texas Supreme Court?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we haven't heard a thing and don't expect to for a while. Scott, you want to add anything.
Scott Rozzell - Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary: No, not really. The petitions for review have been filed and the next stop is to see if the Supreme Court asked for full briefing on this matter. We wouldn't expect to hear from there until in the fall.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, the comments around potential transmission investment, I know you had prior... you had given five year CapEx guidance for Houston Electric and you previously indicated some level of transmission expenditure. Is this kind of a reiteration of that or how much of what you just said is incremental to those forecasts?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Last year, when we estimated transmission investment '08 to '012, we had something like $205 million of... in our budget. And I think... so I think we are seeing more transmission investment potential than we did last year; there is no question. It could be substantially more.
Unidentified Analyst: In that 500 to $1 billion range, is that... the range that you provided?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So it's approximately, call it, to 250 to 750 is incremental?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn call back to Ms. Paulsen.
Marianne Paulsen - Director, Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tina. I would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you all for your participation and you may disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of IR David M. McClanahan - President and CEO Gary L. Whitlock - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Faisel Khan - Citigroup Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities Anthony Crowdelal - Jefferies
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's First quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. [Operator Instructions]. I'll now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen  Director of Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tina. Good morning everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our first quarter 2008 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday May 7th, 2008. To access the reply, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 41272578. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. I'm pleased to summarize our performance of first quarter of 2008.This morning we reported net income of $123 million for the first quarter or a $0.36 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $130 million or $0.38 per diluted share for the same period last year. As I'll discuss in a few moments operating income was impacted this quarter by approximately $22 million from mark-to-market charges in our competitive natural gas sales and services business. These charges are principally timing related and without them first quarter earnings would have been $138 million or $0.41 per diluted share. Operating income was $336 million for the first quarter of 2008 compared to $353 million for the first quarter of 2007. Over the last few years, we've made strategic investments particularly in our interstate pipeline and field services business units, which continue to contribute to our profitability. These two segments performed well this quarter helping to offset the effects of higher natural gas prices on our other businesses. Our financial results continue to demonstrate the benefits of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas assets. Now let me review the performance of each of our business segments. Houston Electric had operating income of $54 million, excluding income from the competitive transition charge and the transition bond companies. The comparable income for 2007 was $62 million. We continue to benefit from growth in our Houston service territory in contrast to the slowdown in other parts of the country. Our customer base grew by over 52,000 customers since last March, partially offsetting the impact of reduced usage due to the mild weather and customer conservation. We also experienced some increase in operating expenses in the first quarter. Houston Electric continues to pursue Advanced Metering System and implementation of an intelligent Electric Distribution Grid. We anticipate filing an initial Advance Metering deployment plan in May, which calls for installing up to 250,000 meters in related infrastructure, over the next three years at an estimated cost of approximately $250 million. The meters will be installed on homes and businesses as requested by area retail electric providers. During this initial deployment period, CenterPoint will implement a load research program to measure the impact on consumer's electricity usage from the information and capabilities made available from the Advanced Metering System. As part of our initial deployment plan, we will request recovery of our costs through a two-part charge, one an infrastructure charge to be paid over 8 years by all customers and the second a meter charge to be paid over five years by the customer once an Advanced Meter is installed. Because of the recovering mechanism associated with this initial deployment, the increase in Houston Electrics rate base will not be significant. Assuming the success of our initial deployment plan, we expect to seek subsequent approval by the commission for full deployment across our system. Now let me turn to our Natural Gas Distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $121 million compared to $129 million for the same period of 2007. We continue to benefit from solid customer growth adding nearly 36,000 customers since March of 2007. We also benefited from a rate increase implemented in our Arkansas last November. Higher natural gas prices however led to a decline in customer usage and an increase in bad debt expense. Weather had a very low impact on our earnings this quarter since we had put weather hedges in place for the winter season. We are continuing to pursue right strategies that decouple our earnings from the volume of gas we sell. This is particularly important in the volatile and high natural gas price environment we are experiencing. Last year we were successful in implementing rate decoupling in Arkansas. We were also successful in implementing a weather normalization mechanism in Louisiana. Operationally we are building on the moment we gained last year from productivity improvements and an enhanced business model. Operating income for our competitive natural gas sales and services segment for the first quarter of 2008 was $6 million compared to $56 million last year. We had anticipated a significant part of this decline. As you might recall, we realized about $28 million in gains from the sale of gas from inventory in the first quarter of last year. Most of this gas had been purchased in 2006 when seasonal spreads were much more attractive. And the value of this gas in storage had subsequently been written down as prices softened. We did not have the same gas storage opportunities this year as seasonal spreads have narrowed considerably. Further, the significant run up in the price of natural gas in the first quarter of 2008 resulted in mark-to-market losses for the derivatives we use to lock in the economic gains from the sale of gas by this business. While these derivatives are mark-to-market each quarter, the physical sales which are being hedged by the derivatives are accounted for on an accrual basis. This tends to create quarterly fluctuation in earnings. Upon settlement of both the physical sales and the derivatives, the locked-in economic margin will be realized and these losses will be offset. Our core business of selling natural gas to commercial and industrial customers in the first quarter of 2008 was comparable to the first quarter of last year. We experienced some decline in our ability to optimize our pipeline in storage assets due to a decline in locational and seasonal price differentials. Our primary focus is to profitably grow this business by expanding our commercial and industrial customer base and secondly to capture asset optimization opportunities when available in the marketplace. Our Interstate Pipeline segment recorded strong earnings for the first quarter with operating income of $71 million compared to $44 million last year. This increase was driven primarily by the completion of the first two phases of our new 172-mile pipeline between Carthage, Texas and our Perryville hub in Northeast Louisiana. Phase I with almost 1 billion cubic feet per day capacity, went into service in May. In Phase II, which brought the capacity to 1.25 billion cubic feet per day went into service in August. We placed the Phase III in service earlier this month bringing the total capacity to 1.5 billion cubic feet per day by adding additional compression and increasing operating pressure. Phases I and II have been running at nearly 100% capacity since they went into service. We have not yet awarded contracts for all of the Phase III capacity but have received significant interest in the remaining capacity. A second major project, the Southeast Supply Header or SESH, a joint venture with Spectra is currently under construction. SESH will have capacity of 1 billion cubic feet per day, of which 95% is already under contract with a solid group of shippers. There is also significant interest in the remaining capacity. We expect this pipeline to be in service in the second half of this year. Expansion of our core pipelines also remains a priority. We have built a number of new laterals of our existing pipelines to serve new customer facilities such as the new power plant in Arkansas. Producer drilling activity near our facilities remains high, particularly in the Woodford and Fayetteville Shale areas and we continue to work with producers on getting this new natural gas production to market. I'm also very pleased that we have extended our agreement with Laclede Gas Company in St. Louis for five years. Laclede is our largest customer on the Mississippi River transmission pipeline and has been and continues to be a very valued customer. Now let me turn to our Field Services segment. We reported operating income of $45 million for the first quarter of 2008 compared to $22 million for 2007. This unit continues to benefit from strong drilling activity in the mid-continent area. In each of the last four years, we have added 400 wells to the system and we are on that same pace this year. In addition, result of this quarter benefited from $11 million associated with the settlement of a contractual dispute and $6 million from the sale of non-strategic assets. Our Field Services business also has a 50% ownership in natural gas processing facilities that continued to expand. The equity income that we recorded from this joint venture increased to $4 million compared to $2 million in the first quarter of 2007. We continued to pursue a number of projects to take advantage of natural gas development near our existing assets. Now let me provide a brief update on our true-up appeal. I'm sure you are aware that the Third Court of Appeals issued an extremely disappointing decision on our stranded cost true-up appeal last December. The court recently denied all motions for rehearing. We will file our petition for review with the Texas Supreme Court on or before the June 2 deadline. In closing, I'd like to remind you of the $0.1825 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors last week. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now I'll turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. I'd like to discuss a few items with you this morning. First, as I noted during our 2007 earnings call in February, in the first quarter of this year we closed on the sale of $488 million of non-recourse transition bonds. This was a very successful transaction particularly in light of what has been going on in the financial market. We monetized the amount that we had previously been recovering through a competition transition charged or CTC and electric customers in our service area will save over a $100 million over the life of the bond versus what would have been the case had the CTC continued. Now let me address the recent credit rating agency action... excuse me. We were informed by S&P that they have confirmed the ratings on CenterPoint Energy, Houston Electric and CERC Securities and change the outlook to stable from positive. We continue to adhere to the financial discipline necessary to maintain and improve our credit metrics, while remaining focused on improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. There are a number of financing developments that I wanted to share with you this morning as well. First, as David indicated, the SESH project is expected to be placed in service in the second half of the year. And we're working with our partners Spectra Energy to develop a permanent financing structure for the project. Both partners have been funding their respective shares of the construction cost so far. Second, on April 10th, we repurchased two series of high-coupon tax-exempt debt, totaling a $175 million at a 102% of the principal amount. One series had a coupon-rate of 7.75% and the other had a coupon rate of 8%. We intend to remarket these tax-exempt bonds later in the year. Temporary ownership for the bonds provides us with greater flexibility, with respect to the timing of remarketing and we did not want to remarket the bonds at a time when a number of other issuers were refinancing large amounts of tax-exempt debt. Incidentally CenterPoint Energy has no exposure to auction rate tax-exempt debt. All of our tax-exempt debt carries this rate. The third financing development involves the refinancing of the company's convertible notes. In 2003, we issued $575 million, a 3.75% convertible senior notes due in 2023. These securities were callable by the company in May of this year and we've given notice of the call for redemption. As I mentioned in our last call, at the end of 2007, we began to see a number of holders convert these securities. By the date, we delivered our call notice, a $184 million of principal amount of these notes had been submitted for conversion. So, there are approximately $391 million of principal amount and notes that are subject to the call. Because the convertible securities are in the money, we expect holders of the notes to convert to securities prior to the redemption date. For substantially all of the previous conversions, we paid the principal amount in cash and elected to pay the excess value in common stock, which we will do with respect to the securities that are converted prior to the redemption date. Settlement will take place in mid-June. Finally, I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release we reaffirmed our 2008 earnings to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.25 per diluted share. In providing our earnings estimate for the year, we have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utilities. In our guidance, we have not attempted to predict the timing effects of mark-to-market or the inventory accounting on the earnings of our competitive Natural Gas Sales and Services business. As David indicated, these effects are timing-related and ultimately do not impact the economics of the underlying transaction. Finally, we have made certain economic and operational assumptions including the timing of assets in-service dates as well as the timing and outcome of certain regulatory proceedings. As the year unfolds, we will continue to update you on our earnings expectations. Now let me thank you for the year interest in the company and I will turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would like to ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Tina, would you just please give the instructions on how to ask a question? Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from the line of Lasan Johong with RBC Capital.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Good morning. I wanted to ask you a couple of questions. First, on the open season on the Friendship and CERC pipelines, which are I think still ongoing in the results of the Bennington, Oklahoma pipeline. And then, the second question is, are customers really responding to high prices in I guess your mostly Minnegasco service area because it looks like customer growth was pretty decent yet and then the Heating degree days were pretty high relative to last year yet consumption actually went down especially to residential level. Could you address that as well? Thank you.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet, Lasan, good morning.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: One, the Bennington lateral open season ended, its been six weeks ago or so. The Friendship and CERC laterals open season are still ongoing and both of these open seasons are designed to test the market as to how we can get gas out of the Fayetteville and Woodford area on a competitive basis. We believe that additional capacity is needed in order to get this gas out and so we have lots of interest around those pipes. We continue to work with producers in creating additional capacity where we can move their gas. So I... just kind of have to wait and see how all this turns out. We are obviously not the only ones in that area trying to figure out a solution here. So, but we have good interest in all of these facilities. We'll see which one's ultimately work out. As to half prices we have seen half prices impact consumption. Weather was not an issue for us this year because as I've said we'd hedged it but our estimate is that consumption cost us a little less than $10 million in margin across all our gas businesses in the first quarter. So I think half prices are impacting consumers' behaviors together with everything else that's happening, high gasoline prices at the pumps and other things. I think people are starting to really watch their pocketbooks here and I think it's being we are seeing that in the gas consumption.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: I see. And do you think that the rebate checks that the government sending, is that going to have a material benefit to CenterPoint in any way?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, I really don't know. I doubt it but it's hard... it's hard for me to judge whether that will have any impact or not.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Okay. And just one quick question on the Intelligent Grid, are you still planning to use the BPL technology that you used in the commercial pilot project to use as the backbone for communication on the system?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We are... the initial deployment we are probably going to use cell relay technology for most of it. Because this is going to be scattered around our systems because it's going to be driven by where retail energy providers want to have these meters put in and they won't be all clustered. I think ultimately our... ultimate deployment might very well use BPL but as you know this communication technology is advancing rapidly and who knows, what will be out there when we go to full deployment. If based on the technology today, we would use BPL for the full deployment but not for this initial deployment.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: I see, I see. And did I hear you correct that you said $8 million... sorry, over a year period, you're going to recover the infrastructure charge from everybody in your service territory but over a five-year period you don't even cover the cost of the meters for those who get it in their or wholl get these installed meters. How it's going to work?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that's exactly right. We have to build a fairly big office, lots of computer systems, lots of infrastructure and we have a much smaller charge that we are going to be requesting that would recover those dollars over an eight-year period. The meter itself and the installation cost of the meter and the communication part will be recovered only when we implement or install that meter and it would be a much shorter time frame. I think the commission rules calls for a five to seven-year amortization for the meter itself and that's what we are following.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Excellent. Gary, on the converts real quick, how many shares do you expect to issue once you convert everything?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, if you assume, 15.50 share price it will be about 10 million additional shares.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Thank you.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Annie Sal [ph] with Alliance Bernstein
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Can you comment in terms of your bad debt or uncollectible by all the utilities in terms of each of the utilities, geographically?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, got you. I don't... and I don't have that geographical but bad debt expense is up in our gas sale basis a little bit. I think we had like $18 million of bad debt expense this quarter, up from a little less than $16 million last year. We put in some procedures and collection activities and really have been pretty aggressive on collections and we... while we are seeing some increase it's really fairly minor relative to where the commodity cost have gone. So it's not a huge deal but it's a... clearly it's affecting us some.
Unidentified Analyst: And my second question has to do with the supplying prices that you use, does it impact any way you do business and how do you monitor your counter party risk?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, it doesn't... it doesn't affect us that much. We do some over the counter business in derivatives but lot of those are standard NYMEX contracts so and we obviously do monitor to that pretty close. So I don't think that's impacted us at all. The only impact I think we've seen if any is in the commercial paper market because we were selling a fair amount of commercial paper before this happened, we aren't now because that market is not as robust for our credit. But generally the market has been open for energy companies and utility companies and I think we're not seeing a big impact there.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Thanks. On the deployment of the smart... smart meter system, the 250,000-customer deployment. Did you say that youll actually get a return on capital while that $250 million is being depreciated over the various life times --.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We will. We will get a return on the amount of dollars that we haven't recovered because of the short amortization period it doesn't stay unrecovered a long period of time, but yes, during interim periods we clearly will get a return on that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay and then in terms of reading into the... these full deployment costs of the... this system. I would expect... this is for 250,000 customers to apply the... have a linear equation across to your 1.7 million or 1.8 million customers.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No. I don't think that's fair, because a lot of this is, infrastructure costs upfront... our initial estimates if we win across all our 2 million customers was something on the order of $1 billion. Just around numbers. Now that includes a fair amount of BPL infrastructure which I mentioned earlier may or may not happen. For the meter itself in installation, I imagine you can count on about $200 per installation. So that's $400 million and the rest is for infrastructure and operating costs in the interim and stuff like that. But I think $1 billion is probably a good round number to be thinking about.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay and then in terms of the first quarter, your earnings from the TDU, you talked about increases in transmission costs, other operating expenses, can you just elaborate a little bit more what's going on over there?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we've, we get charged from others for increased transmission and we've seen a lot of our other utilities in the state investing and transmission and we officially have to pay for that. And there is a lag on when we can go in and recover it. And so we're feeling part of that lag. Second is the overall way transmission is allocated is on coincidental peaks in the summer time and we are getting a little bit more allocated to us on that basis as well. So we're talking probably $3 million, $4 million net increase in the first quarter over the previous quarter. The other cost increases, they are many of them, as you would expect but there is a fair number of related to information technology and the work we're doing in some of that areas that have increased. So... but there is just kind of one season, two season. There is not any real big hitter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: And quickly on the interstate pipeline business with mid-continent express signing up new shippers on some of the those mid-continent shale opportunity at the Woodford Fayetteville Shale. Any impact to your gas system, or your opportunities going forward on your pipelines.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It doesnt impact Carthage to Perryville at all. I think what's happening Faisal is, there is just so much gas that's now expected to be produced out of the Woodford to Fayetteville, the Barnett and now Haynesville Shale plays.
Fayetteville: Right.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: And our expectation is that we are going to need some more capacity besides all of the pipes that have already been built. And course everybody is trying to do an analysis of that but we think there is lots of gas that needs to get to market and that these pipes were absolutely needed as you know our CP I noted, it's been running at 100% since we put it in place.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: And other pipes, I am sure, are experiencing very similar type of rates.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Great. Thanks for the time.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from the line of Patrick Forkin with Tejas Securities.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Patrick?
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Yes. Hello?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, you are up.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Good morning. With respect to your comments on the Advanced Metering program, I know you said you are going to file in May. When would you anticipate actually that deployment of the 250,000 meters to start?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the commission has 150 days to act on our deployment plan. We are working with the parties to see if there is a way to accelerate the implementation of some of those meters and get them into this year because if you weighted till the end of the deployment plan, you'd really you'd have to wait till next year. So, we are looking and we've come up with some ways, and we will be asking the commission to approve some ways to get meters in early. But it.. we'll just have to wait and see how all that plays out. If you just go based on the regular deployment plan, it would be '09 before we really started deploying it. Probably, towards early.... late spring before we'd really get in full swing there.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Okay. And then in your call at the end of February, I think with regards to this filing, you had talked about a total of 2 million meters and $750 million to $800 million. Could you give us any background on sort of what's transpired between then and now because it kind of looks like a pretty significant pullback?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, its really not a pullback, Patrick. Although, we've changed our deployment thoughts, and the reason is that as I mentioned earlier, $1 billion is a lot of money to spend on metering. And you certainly can't deploy just based on the benefits that CenterPoint will get out of it. We'll clearly get benefits from meter reading and automated cut-ins and cutouts and stuff like that. But, it's really going to be driven by the benefits that consumers are going to realize by changing their energy consumption behavior. And so what we've decided is before we go to this full plan is that we put out $250,000 which is enough to demonstrate the benefits of this system. And we expect that they will be demonstrated and then we'll go to the full deployment. If the consumers don't respond the way we expect, then you might very well do something different than spending the full amount. So, I think it's a recognition that this is a system that's really the benefits have to be driven by the consumer and our load research program is designed to measure that and to make sure everybody understands what the benefits of this before we go through the full deployment.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Okay. Thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Nathan Judge with Atlantic Equities.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Just calling, Id like to ask about the possible demand decline from this meter-reading test. There is, an indeed, a decline in consumption following the deployment of this metering. Do you think, your costs will be able to fall enough to offset that revenue sufficiently?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: When you the meter rule says that you have to take into account savings at the same time that you take into account cost increases. So, I don't think that the meter charge itself would take care of that. But we're going to... my expectation is we're going to go to a decoupling tear-off in the electric side the next time we go in. Our rates are fixed until 2010. We'll file a rate case using a test year as of December 31, '09 followed by midyear '10. And my expectation is that, we would decouple our cost recoveries from the volume of electricity for the very reason you're talking about. So, and then energy efficiency, energy conservation doesn't impact us very much like what we're doing on the gas side. We're helping in promoting energy conservation where we can with our gas customers. But we need to decoupled rates there in order to make sure our shareholders and customers interests are aligned and I expect that same thing we will do on the electric side.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: With regard to the competitive natural gas sales and services business, how much does the implementation of the actual operations as such being put in place in operating now effect that business?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It doesn't have a big impact, may be some minor impacts because you have seen a change in basis in some parts of the country as these new pipelines are put in place. And that has some impact but it's fairly minor, to be very honest, on our energy services business. But clearly as other pipes are put in service the way gas is... the price of gas at different locations is going to change and we have to anticipate that and make sure we have capacity on the right pipe so we can sell the best price gas to our customers. So it's really a matter of anticipating where you get your gas and what the cost of that gas is and Carthage to Perryville has had some impact but not as much impact as you think. I think I would call it fairly minor.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: With regard to just generally though given that new pipelines are coming on and potentially could remove or reduce the differential, spaces differentials between hubs, would it be reasonable to think that there is going to be increasing pressure on that business?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say that our core business of selling gas to commercial and industrial customers will not be impacted very much, probably none. But we make a fair amount of money by optimizing around all the assets that we have, pipeline capacity and storage capacity, and yes that could be impacted. We've seen lots of opportunities in last few years but the majority of those were a result of Rita and Katrina just a few years ago that disrupted the market. It had a lot of dislocations and we clearly were able, because of the assets we held, we are able to make a fair amount of money. I think that business could be impacted more than our core retail business as a result of all these pipes coming in place.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: That's very helpful. Thank you.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Jefferies.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: Hi. My question is have you guys quantified the impact from conservation? I think for the natural gas distribution the decrease is mainly attributable to conservation and also the outlook for the year if this level of conservation keeps up, you guys see a problem with guidance or anything like that?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, weve tried to factor that into our guidance. Certainly, the first quarter is the biggest impact. Second and third quarters, we don't expect because those are very low consumption months and we don't expect it to impact that. So it's really the fourth quarter, which is our second largest quarter, where there could be some impact. I have mentioned at our last call, we have built into our forecast $7 to $8 gas. Today, it's more like $10.5. So we'll see where gas is at the end of the year to really understand how much conservation may be driven based on price. But at this stage, we're fairly comfortable with our forecast. We clearly are watching customer conservation closely, not only on the gas side but on the electric side as well.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: Have you quantified the impact of conservation for the quarter or you haven't broken it out?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, for the gas side it was a little less than $10 million, that's our estimate. I'll also say thats a little bit of art and not all science in estimating how much weather impacts customers usage but we model it around heating degree days and things of that nature. But I think that we're fairly comfortable. We saw some conservation in the first quarter on the order of $10 million plus or minus a few million.
Anthony Crowdell - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up question from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Marianne Paulsen  Director of Investor Relations: Hi, Lasan.
Operator: Lasan, your line is open.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Hello, sorry. Sorry about that. Longer term, David as you start rolling out the meters and your end objective is to help consumers conserve energy, are you looking to perhaps get the commission to kind of deviate decoupling revenue mechanism where conservation is rewarded at the utility level as well?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, that's right. I mentioned that earlier. We expect some type of decoupling tariff to be requested the next time we go into the commission which would bethe earliest we could go in would be 2010.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: So we got to wait till that point, right?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's right. Other than transmission we can go in for a transmission increase by the end of September of this year and I expect that we're going to be doing that.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: Did you study the impact of what kind of... or how you might, what mechanism of the decoupling would look like and how much this all would how much ultimately you would look to save in terms of costs for the consumers and what that would mean in terms of returns to shareholders? Have you done any preliminary studies or looked at that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, we really haven't. I think we will... as we roll out these meters and we understand customer response, we will be doing a lot more around that and really identifying what opportunities there are for CenterPoint Energy to be involved in energy conservation and energy efficiency initiatives and other initiatives around this whole in this whole environment that we find ourselves in. High energy prices, climate change concerns, carbon concerns all these are things that we clearly are studying and trying to understand what's our role in all this.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital: That's great. I appreciate it all. Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions at this time. Ms. Paulsen, do you have any closing remarks?
Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you very much, Tina. I would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes CenterPoint Energy's first quarter 2008 earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-03-04 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - IR David M. McClanahan - President and CEO Gary L. Whitlock - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities Faisel Khan - Citigroup Patrick J. Forkin III - Tejas Securities
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During the company's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session after management's remark. [Operator Instructions]. I will now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations. Ms. Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen - Investor Relations: Thank you very much Luanne. Good morning everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I would like to welcome you to our fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO, and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2007 results, and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us, who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-K filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 PM Central Time through Thursday, March 6th, 2008. To access the replay, please call 1-800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 30804610. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Marianne. Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. 2007 was the good year for us, and I am pleased to summarize our performance. Let me begin with an overview of our fourth quarter 2007 results. This morning, we reported net income of $108 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 or $0.32 per diluted share. This compares to net income of $67 million or $0.20 per diluted share for the same period last year. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2006 included the impact from the form settlement of the company's ZENS tax issue, which reduced 2006 earnings by $12 million or $0.04 per diluted share. Operating income was $303 million for the fourth quarter of 2007 compared to $235 million for the fourth quarter of 2006. The increase in operating income for the quarter was driven impart by increased usage primarily due to favorable weather at Houston Electric, continued solid customer growth in our service territories, improved operating performance, and rate increases at out LDCs. The favorable results of our interstate pipelines in the fourth quarter of 2007 were driven primarily by the new Carthage to Perryville pipeline. Field services also reported solid operating results. Our competitive natural gas marketing business reported a decrease in operating income due to unfavorable market dynamics compared to the last two years. The same factors also impacted our full year 2007 performance. Overall 2007 was a very good year for us, and we continue to make progress in achieving our business and financial objectives. Net income for 2007 was $399 million or $1.17 per diluted share compared to $432 million or $1.33 per diluted share for 2006. In comparing 2007 to 2006, it is important to keep in mind that our 2006 full year results reflected the resolution of both the ZENS tax issues and Huston Electrics 2001 unbundled cost of service remand. Excluding all the impact of these two issues, our full year 2006 earnings would have been $1.11 per diluted share compared to our 2007 EPS of $1.17. Now let me review the performance of each of our business segments. Huston Electric had operating income of $400 million excluding income from the competitive transition charge and the transition bond companies. The comparable income for 2006 was $395 million. Results for 2007 included a $17 million favorable settlement related to the final fuel reconciliation of the former integrated utility, while 2006 included the write-off of $32 million related to the UCOS settlement. Growth and continued operating improvements allowed Houston Electric to offset a significant portion of the impact from the right settlement implemented in October of 2006. Customer growth remains strong; in fact 2007 marked the 11th consecutive year that customer growth was 2% or better. We also benefited from increased customer usage in large part due to favorable weather compared to 2006. We expect Huston Electric to continue to perform well in 2008. Customer growth in the Houston market has remained solid as compared to many other parts of the country. And in 2008, we expect to see our customer base continue to grow. In support of this growth, we anticipate that we will spend over $370 million in capital in 2008. As allowed under our rate settlement, we expect to file for a transmission cost of service rate increase in the $12 million to $18 million later this year. Houston Electric continues to pursue advanced multi functional smart metering and the implementation of an intelligent distribution grid. In 2007, we installed approximately 10,000 smart meters to evaluate system capabilities and identify any issues relating to system wide implementation. Results so far have been encouraging. In advanced metering rule setting the technical requirements for installing these types of systems and providing for an advanced metering surcharge has been approved by the Texas Public Utility Commission. The bulk of the benefits of implementing this new technology are expected to accrue to the market by providing opportunities for innovated service offerings by retail electric providers. In addition, we believe this system will ultimately result in savings to our electric unit primarily in the areas of meter reading, service connects and disconnects, faster service restoration and improved customer service. We continue to work on a deployment plan that would verify these benefits. Any deployment would be depended upon approval by the Texas PUC that is acceptable to the company. Now, let me turn to our natural gas distribution business. This unit reported operating income of $218 million, which was a $94 million improvement compared to 2006, for the first time in many years, we were closed to earning our overall authorized rate of returns and believe we have set to say that the stage to do so in the future. We are realizing the benefits from the changes that we made to improve the operational and financial performance of our gas LDCs. We continue to benefit from solid customer growth adding over 38,000 customers in 2007. We also experienced increased customer usage primarily due to a return to more normal weather. We implemented new rates in Arkansas last November, where we received the base rate increase of $20 million and implemented a decoupling mechanism that will stabilize revenues and earnings while helping to facilitate energy efficiency. We have hedged the weather for the current heating season, and we will continue to pursue right strategies and operational efficiencies in order to sustain and improve the financial performance of our gas LDC businesses. While we have seen some slowing of growth in our Minnesota market, growth remains solid in Texas. We expect to spend about $200 million in capital in 2008. Our competitive natural gas sales and services segment had a solid year. Operating income for 2007 was $75 million compared to $77 million in 2006. Market conditions during most of 2007 were less volatile than in 2005 and 2006. As a result, we did not have as many opportunities to create value from optimizing our pipelines and storage assets. Nevertheless, our base commercial and industrial sales business continues to do well; and we remain well positioned to take advantage of future market opportunities as they arise. I should point out however, that a number of new pipelines had been placed in commercial operations, which has had the effect of reducing bases differentials. In addition, seasonal price differentials have also narrowed; both of these developments reduced opportunities for assets optimization. Our focus is to profitably grow this business by expanding our commercial and investor customer base. Our interstate pipeline segment recorded strong earnings in 2007 with operating income of $237 million compared to $181 million in 2006. This increase was driven primarily by the completion of the first two phases of our new 172 mile pipeline between Carthage, Texas and our Perryville Hub in Northeast Louisiana. Phase I with almost 1 billion cubic feet per day capacity went into service in May; and Phase II, which brought the capacity to 1.25 billion cubic feet per day, went into service in August. We plan to expand this project to a total of 1.5 billion cubic feet per day by adding additional compression and increasing operating pressure. We hope to have this third phase in service in the second quarter of this year. Phases I and II have been running at nearly 100% capacity on average since they went into service, which is clear evidence that this pipeline was needed. Our second major project is Southeast Supply Header or SESH, a joint venture with Spectra is currently under construction. SESH expects to invest approximately $1 billion in this pipeline and has signed a solid group of shippers for 95% of the 1 Bcf per day capacity. We expect this pipeline to be in service in the second half of this year. We have also built a number of new laterals of our existing pipeline to serve new customer facilities, such as AEP power plant in Arkansas. Producer drilling activity in the Woodford and Fayetteville Shale remains high, and we have recently announced an open season for new facilities, which would get these reserves to market. This open season will allow us to determine if there is a sufficient level of interest from the market to pursue development of a new pipeline. Our field services segment reported operating income of $99 million in 2007 compared to $89 million in 2006. This unit continues to benefit from strong drilling activity in the Mid-Continent area with over 400 new well connects added in 2007. This is the fourth year in row that we have experienced that level of new well connects. Fuel services also has a 50% ownership in natural gas processing facilities that continue to expand. The equity income that we recorded from this joint venture increased to $10 million in 2007 from $6 million in 2006. Natural gas development near our existing assets remain very active, and additional facilities will be needed to get natural gas reserves to market. We are currently pursuing a number of projects. Last year we committed overall $100 million in capital expenditures for new projects. And we expect to spend at approximately at this level over the next year three years to five years. Now, let me provide you an update on our true-up appeal. I am sure you are aware that the third Court of Appeal issued its decision on our stranded cost true-up appeal last December. We are extremely disappointed that the Court of Appeal reversed portions of the District Court decision that would have allowed us to recover additional amounts related to our capacity auction true-up. The Court of Appeal also reversed part of the PUC's order that allowed us to recover the excess mitigation credit that we paid to Reliant Energy. The Court of Appeal did however uphold a ruling by the District Court that we would be entitled to recover the interest component of the excess mitigation credits that we paid to retail electric providers other than Reliant. In addition, the Court of Appeals ordered that a decision by the PUC on the tax issue that could result in a normalization violation be remanded back to the PUC. We and other parties filed motions for rehearing with the Court of Appeal. There is no statutory timeframe under which the court has to render its decision on these motions, but if our motion is not granted in full, we would then have 45 days to seek review by the Texas Supreme Court. In closing, I would like to remind you of the $0.1825 per share, quarterly dividend declared by Board of Directors on January 24. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders, and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now, I'll turn the call over to the Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, David and good morning to everyone. I'd like discuss a few items with you this morning. Let me first discuss our securitization. Earlier this month, we closed some $488 million of non-recourse transition bonds in order to recover the balance of the true-up costs that we have previously been collecting overtime via competition transition charge or CTC. We estimate the electric customers in our service territory will save over $100 million over the life of the bond. Because the weighted average interest rates on these bonds is well below the 8.06% rate that we had been earning on the unrecovered CTC balance. In fact, the weighted average interest rate is lower than the comparable rates on all prior securitization bonds sold to-date by Electric Utilities in Texas; all in all a very successful transaction. We replied the proceeds of this transition bond issuance to reduce our parent company's equity investment in CenterPoint Energy Houston Electric, and CenterPoint in turn has used these bonds to reduce debt. We have implemented a transition charge to recover the principle and interest on the bond. The transition charge replaces the higher CTC that we had been collecting. We were able to achieve the success, thanks to the leadership of Texas PUC Chairman Barry Smitherman and the other commissioners as well as the staff of the Texas PUC. We also acknowledge the hard work of the Texas legislative leadership, who supported the amendment of the law clarified that all true-up amounts are securitize-able. Now let me review some of our accomplishments in 2007 and discuss our financing goals and objectives in 2008 and beyond. In 2007, we took a number of steps to continue to strengthen our liquidity. Last June, we admitted our three bank credit facilities, which now totaled $2.45 billion and extended their maturities to 2012. Later in the year, we also extended the search receivables facility to October of 2008. The facility will range in size from $150 million to $375 million in order to efficiently track the projected receivable balance of CERC. Over the last four years, we have steadily and significantly strengthened our liquidity and enhanced our financial flexibility through the improvement in size, price and tenor of our working capital facility. In October, we closed on the sale of $500 million of CERC notes. Proceeds from these notes were used to retire $300 million of CERT debt that matured earlier this month and to pay down short-term debt. We have substantial liquidity available to us in the form of our current... of our committed bank line, which we expect to be more than ample to meet our needs during 2008 and beyond. This year we will continue to remain focused on improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. While at the same time adhering to the financial discipline necessary to maintain and improve our credit metrics. We expect that SESH joint venture with Spectra to be in service in the second half of this year. Both partners have been funding the construction cost so far, and we are jointly evaluating various financing alternatives at the joint venture level, which we expect to have in place at or near the time SESH goes into service. On another financing matter as many of you know, we have a series of convertible notes outstanding. In 2003, we issued a total of $575 million of 3.75% convertible senior notes in due in 2023. At the end of 2007, we began to see a number of holders convert these securities, and today approximately $173 million of principles amount of these notes have been converted. For the conversions that have taken place, we are obligated to pay the principle amount in cash, but have elected to pay the premium in CenterPoint Energy common stock. The remaining principle of $402 million of these notes will first become callable by the company in May of this year. Although we have made no determination as to whether or not call the notes as to first opportunity in May. If we call the notes at that time, it would likely prompt all or most of the holders to convert. Upon conversion, we are obligated to pay the principal in cash; we have the option to pay the premium over the original amount in cash or its stock. As David mentioned, each of our business units will continue to seek value creating investment opportunity. Ultimately, any permanent financing to fund our growth project will consider the optimum mix of debt and equity consistent with maintaining and enhancing the credit metric and credit rating to both the parent company and our utility subsidiaries. Finally, I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance. This morning in our earnings release, we announced that we expect our 2008 earnings to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.25 per diluted share. In providing our earnings estimate for the year, we have assumed normal weather in both the gas and electric utility as well as certain assumptions regarding the effect of forward natural gas price movements on our storage and transportation assets, which impact the profitability of our competitive natural gas sales and services business. In addition, we have made certain economic and operational assumptions including the timing of that asset in-service date as well as the timing and outcome of certain regulatory proceedings. As the year unfolds, we will continue to update you on earnings expectations. Now, let me thank you for your interest in the company. And I will turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen - Investor Relations: Thank you Gary. With that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Luanne, would you please give the instructions on how to ask a question? Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Markets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning, congratulations on a good quarter and year. I wonder I have just a few questions about the guidance. What are your gas price assumptions and have you made provisions for increasing... potentially, I should say, increasing bad debt expense on the gas LDC given where gas prices are today?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan, thank you for those comments. As I recall, we have gas prices in the $7 to $8 range. Obviously, it varies by month, but it's in that range. So, it's a little bit less than, I think that are being experienced in today's market. We encourage something like $45 million worth of bad debt expense in 07. We don't expect there to be a big decrease in that, but we are not projecting a significant amount of increase over the level, we experienced in 07. And we also... because of our Minnesota properties, really we had a fair amount of delinquent account there. We incurred quite a bit of credit and collection expense there. We think we are on top of that situation now and we don't think a lot of those costs would be repeated. So, I would say that we are not expecting a huge run up in bad debt expense, but it's something we've got to stay on top of. And we are in the $7 to $8 gas price range for next... for this year 08.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then, I am assuming that the range of that $0.10 in the guidance has a lot to do with weather and volumes for fuel services and other demand base changes, correct?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It has all those and I would say that one of the biggest issues is also at our energy services business. Volatility in the marketplace can move those earnings around a lot, and so... and we have seen volatility really quiet down in these markets. As I said, we have a lot of new pipelines seasonal spreads have narrowed. So, we are projecting kind of... 08 to be... look a lot like 07, if it's not it could obviously affect our earnings.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right, right, right. Just quickly on the leverage ratio and a number of shares and the converge, how much do you expect to issue on the converged as a... if you are assuming, you call that how much shares do you expect to issue. And then in relation to that, the leverage ratios are improving obviously and your financial metric are fine, but just optically your book ratio looks kind of high 84%. Any plans to kind of remedy all that?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: This is Gary. Let me start with the converged. I think if you look at the converged that we... 173 million that has been converted today. We've issued about 5... little more than 5 million shares. And again of course assuming that we were to call or they were to be put to the remaining 402 million, if you assume a share price of 15.50 for example that would be about 10 million shares. So, as you know, Lasan, it depends on the...
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The price of the shares at that point time.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Of course, yes.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So, you can sort of ratio that, but that's sort of the range. Of course, in terms of share count, when you think about of share count, those are already in the fully diluted shares.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So,I think if you think of our share count going forward, basic today is about 320 and fully diluted is about 340 million or so, so I think about those sort of amount. Also want to dimension the tax rate to you. Going forward, I think you will assume a tax rate more normalized is around 35% to 36%. This year in the fourth quarter, we had a 28% rate, year-to-date 33%. And the reason for that in the fourth quarter, we had some adjustments related to some tax reserves related to a Texas based audit. As you know, our company like many others are audited both by the various states in which we do... where we operate, so going forward, think of a more normalized tax rate as well.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Right.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hope that's helpful.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, what about the book leverage ratio? I mean it's not really that critical, but...
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I think, Lasan, on the book, you probably, I think you used the number that probably included the securitization there, but we've got to include the securitization debt. And we are still at about 80%. I think if you look at the leverage that we had this year, we increased debt this year a bit. But at the same time as you know in the very first quarter, we sold the securitization bonds and paid down debt of about $500 million. We also preplanned if you recall last year some debt that we paid down in CERC in the first quarter. So, I think if you look at the year, you are going to see the credit metric, which improved this year and each and every year and they will continue to improve in terms of the cash flow coverage. And you will see the leverage ratio at about the same level; and again we are planning a pretty significant CapEx program.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Lasan,I did say that there is no quick fix. As you know, this is a... as a result of our creation and the fact that we took some large write-offs in connection with our true-up case. And the good news is our coverage metric, I think still look very strong, but our peer book capitalization doesn't. But we are just going to have to work on that overtime if there is no quick fix to it.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Understood. One last question if I may; over the next several year, how much growth CapEx do you expect to spend to drive earnings? And can you kind of give us a sense of how large earnings they should grow over the next several years?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, this year we spend... we have a capital of budget of... little over... about $1 billion plus what we spent in SESH. If you look out over the next four years, we've got $800 million capital budget, but there is no new pipeline projects in that. That's really finishing what we have in the normal pipeline. If you look back, we spent $1 billion to $1.2 billion each of the last two years. So we've been growing and investing quite heavily. And I thank it's really going to depend on the opportunities out there. We are hoping to be able to get some new attractive projects, and we'll just have to wait and see. But our core expenditure is going to be at that $800 million range.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Can we calculate your situation as capital constraint, which is opportunity constraint?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we are necessarily capital constraint at this stage. And we are actively seeking opportunities.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: I mean that you have a lot of opportunities, but it's a matter of finding for money for it.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think I'd characterize it that way. I think we are... if we find good opportunities, they are attractive, create shareholder value, I think we can find them. Obviously we've got to carefully look at how we finance them, but I feel pretty good that we could finance them.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. Thank you David, thanks Gary.
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debra Bromberg with Jeffries & Company.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: Hi, just a couple of quick question here. The $1 billion cost estimate for SESH, is that an increase from your prior estimate, because I had about $700 million to $800 million for that?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think last year we had talked around $900 million. It is up a little bit. We like... most pipelines these days. We are saving some cost increases in our construction. So, yes, that is up a little bit, Debra.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: And that... does that exclude the incremental capacity to be owned by Southern Natural Gas.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, that only addresses the billion a day that would be owned by Spectra and CenterPoint.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: Do you expect that cost increase have any kind of impact on expected profitability or it's neutral?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, no; when costs go up, your profitability is going to be hurt, now the good news I guess if there is good news in it, these projects have a life of 40 or 50 years. So, your earnings are not going to be burdened a huge amount, but it clearly impact profitability.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: And just one other question on your AMI investment; did the PUC authorize the return on that yet?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think in the rule, they said you would get your cost of capital in your last rate case.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: And can you remind us what that was?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it depends; our last stated K within 2001, where we litigated it in the ROE was 11.25 based on 40% equity 60% debt. In our settled case, we really didn't have an ROE determined. So I think you would either... you go back to 2001 would be what we would suggest and but we are not really sure where that commission will come out on this.
Debra E. Bromberg - Jeffries & Company: Great,Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good Morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good Morning.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I had a question about the Appeal Court order and potential impact to your future cash flows related to what you were originally awarded at district court. I know it's in the 10-K you filed this morning; it says that unless portion of the Appeal Court order going reverse, you maybe required to refund the $130 million to $350 million? I was trying to replace that in the context of what was previously awarded to you by district court of 650, should we view this $130 million to $350 million as a reduction to this $650 million or is that... this is the refund you would need to make instead of getting any increment for cash flows?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It would be the latter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So it is effectively like $800 million swing versus district court?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, district court, they clearly reversed the commission on $650 million plus interest now. The appeals court more or less wiped off a lot of that out. There is a bunch of different components here, but the net result is the appeals court would reduce what the commission's original order granted. And it really depends on which component that... if you look at this... what the Supreme Court would do, but if you look at the worst case, and that's what we put in the 10-K was the $357 million, which did not address the... or didn't assume the normalization violation got reversed.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So, basically the worst case scenario period was that, you don't get any additional refund, which you have never approved anyway.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And you have to refund somewhere around $350 million for them.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That would include the interest...
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Up until as you would accrue like... as obviously the field process take two years if you accrue interest on that amount during the appeal?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. We have described... we had estimate interest through the end of 07. So there would be additional interest in 08 and 09 depending on how it wanted to.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And I was wondering if you might be able to give some sense for what cash flow from operations you would expect in 2008?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, hang on just...
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, it's Gary. Yes, cash flows from operations, we are going to continue to and this is a business as you now see to generate significant cash flow. I think if you look all in for the year, we are going find a CapEx program as David said a little more than $1 billion. So, we are going to... and then as you know we... I am going to describe it like this free cash flow after dividends and after securitization proceeds. And of course working capital is dependent on working capital changes, but if I assume neutral on working capital will actually generate positive cash flow this year. And as that really depends on working capital, but think of that it's about breakeven to slightly positive.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And that's excluding the securitization proceeds?
Gary L. Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That includes the securitization of 500 million, yes.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then finally, I noticed in the CapEx estimates for this 10-K they were relatively unchanged for Houston Electric versus last year, and so do you want to confirm that your estimates do not include the AMI deployment?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Okay, thank you very much.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you. You mentioned that there might be some pipeline opportunities after the one that is in construction. Can you elaborate at all or would those projects be somewhat smaller than the one that you have undertaken recently?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we announced an open season couple of weeks ago. And this would be a pipeline that would probably less than Carthage to Perryville, certainly a lot smaller than SESH. I think we are talking about $250 million to $350 million type of capital related to that one although; there is a lot of work to be done there. But these are good solid projects giving reserves out of the Woodford and Fayetteville Shale areas. We are excited about these projects, but we have to win them, there is a lot of competition to get this thing in the aftermarket.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great.And can you remind of the total investments in smart meters or something that it is and how long it will take to get to all of the system equipped?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We don't have a deployment plan yet that we are ready to discuss. But if you look at 2 million meters, the cost of the meters, the communication equipment, all of the information technology needs is between probably $750 million to $800 million, something like that, or $850 million. Now, there is an amount you have to put on top of that for some of the intelligent grid work, but if you're just talking about the advanced metering, it's a $750 million to $850 million number.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And it will take probably at least four years or something like that to implement or...
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say a minimum of five, but most likely a little bit more than that. It really depends on the roll out and obviously how quick... obviously how quickly we start. But as I mentioned, part of our plan here is to develop a deployment plan that helps us verify the market benefits before you spend that kind of money. I mean this is an expensive system to deploy, and it's really about market benefit, not about the benefit that will accrue to our electric P&D business.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kiani with Deutsche Bank.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: I have another question actually on AMI. I understand that obviously there are some additional steps and processes you are going to be going through with PUCT before you determine that the benefits and also the returns are going to be adequate enough to proceed forward? Can you just give us some additional color on the next steps and also roughly when you think you'll have a better idea if you will push into the more expensive phases of AMI?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would expect certainly by mid-year, we would have a pretty good plan together that we would lay out, exactly the different phases of our deployment plan. We expect this to be a phase deployment.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Right.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: So we can really verify our benefit as we go along. As you know, John, this is... it's not bleeding edge, but it's leading edge technology. It's costly, and we really just need to make sure that the market benefits are there. So far, I think we tell you and you've probably seen at our technology center. We are impressed with the technology so far. We are committed to doing it as long as we can put together a plan that make sense for the company and for all the market. We think Phase I would be a 1.5 to 2 year plan, where we kind of basically deploy enough meters to really their part of benefits. And then Phase II would be a more... a full scale requirement assuming those benefits were positive.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. So, then by mid-year 08, we'll probably have a better... you'll have a better idea and we'll have a better idea about whether your kind of push forward with the next phase or not?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right.
John Kiani - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good morning
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Is there anything that we should read into the commission's initial ROE that they gave to some of the transmission project that will be contemplated by the joint venture between Mid-America and AET [ph]?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't know. It looks to me like they granted a return consistent with what, a difficult P&D company as getting and they haven't provided incentive type ROEs that we see it FERC. So, that's the way I have read, Faisel, but I mean you can read as much... as well as we can.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Is there any... is there any sort of read through in terms of what kind of returns you would get on your deployment program? Or are the risks different and the CapEx is different?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Are you referring to our AMI program?
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Yes, that's right.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, one is I think there might very will be different risk in our program. This is new technology, there is risk of development. And the benefit don't accrue to us, they accrue to the market. So, we don't directly get the benefit with Texas market, and our... all the customers in this area get benefits. So, but I do think that the commission recognizes that, but I... and I think they are going to try that to limit the amount of risk we take, but to be very honest, I think that should be part of the recognition when we go forward this plan.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Do you think they are... given their desire to get this plan implemented, they could be constructive when it comes to offering is a fair return on those assets?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We certainly hope so.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. In terms of your CapEx for 08, how much of that interstate pipeline CapEx in your 10-K for 08 is related to SESH?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there is anything in our capital program directly. I think that's... let me make sure that. I maybe have misspoken. Faisel, the capital under pipelines does not include SESH.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: There is $200 million... $209 million there. The... there is about $294 million that we have disclosed in the 10-K, but most of that money as you know, once we finance that asset joint venture level, we will get that money back, but we are funding that as we go along.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. So, but that's not part of your capital... your CapEx plan in terms of the equity contributions you are making to SESH are not in that cap.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Correct.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks for the time.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Forkin with Tejas Securities.
Patrick J. Forkin III - Tejas Securities: Good morning, with respect to your intelligent grid project, based on your comments over the last couple of calls, it seems like this being pushed out just a little bit. Is that a function of some pushback from the Utility Commission or the technology or none of the above?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: It's not the utility commission. I think it's just trying to get a plan that works for our company and for the market, where... it has... we really expect to probably to be... to have a deployment plan filed by now. And it's taken a little bit longer than we thought. As you know, nobody else in the State has done it. Lots of folks around the country are looking at it, and I think because of the cost of it, and the potential... Because it is new technology, we have to be a little bit more cautious here than normal. We haven't done this before, I guess. We are building a transmission lines or substations, it wouldn't be an issue, but this is brand new technology that we need to be sure of.
Patrick J. Forkin III - Tejas Securities: Sure, fair enough. So, you think once again just to clarify you might have a deployment plan by the end of Q2?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I would say it about mid year, we should have a deployment plan out there. Let me just clarify, I think the Public Utility Commission is very supportive of us doing this. So, it is not the commission that's holding us back, but we clearly are keeping the commission informed and updated on how we are progressing. And we have to feel comfortable though as the company before we are ready to go to offset and follow on, because when we follow-on, we intend to go and do what we file. So, we have to be... we feel good about it.
Patrick J. Forkin III - Tejas Securities: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Lasan Johong with RBC Capital Market.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yes, great, thank you. We have started to notice that there are some transmission stabilization issues in Texas because of the ramp up in wind. Do you expect any problems going forward, and are you anticipating these issues and taking some contingency plans?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Not... we are not too worried about this. Obviously, in our area... we are doing some things around voltage control that we have in our plan over the next three or four years to ensure that there is no issue with the grid, and I am sure other utilities in Texas are doing the same thing. So, while it may cost a little money, I don't anticipate this is a big problem for us. Grid planning is something and watching voltage is something that all the technical folks are studying and looking at really close. So, when we get all this wind, it won't create problem. But there will be some additional investment required as result of it.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that's great. And just a quickly on... obviously there is a lot of discussion right now on recession in the country and what that might do to utilities? Is it somewhat... is Texas somewhat insulated because of the oil and gas business and the therefore in fact to you will be less than what we may assume for a national average?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, so far as that's what we have seen. We have seen some impact on what we call starter home markets here in and around eastern. But I think last year there were 38,000 new home starts and the projection for this year is something like 34 to 36. So, the experts that follow that are not projecting a big decline. But I think we have to watch it closely, but I think Texas is a little bit different than the rest of the country. Certainly, what we see in our business is a little slowdown, but not a big slowdown.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Hi. I was wondering if you could tell me what the gross and O&M expense that Houston Electric was in 2006... I am sorry, 2007 and what your outlook for O&M growth in the 08 might be?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think we had much of any growth in O&M. There was very small amount. We are projecting at most the rate of inflation. And we believe there are some ways really improve the way we do business to actually beat that. So, O&M increases have not been real significant in the T&D business.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, and then in your remarks on the competitive gas services business, I think you pointed out that some of the basis differentials and volatility that that you have experienced in prior period have started to abate as other pipeline have been constructed in the region. I was just wondering if that... if you noticed any impact of that dynamic at CenterPoint Energy gas transmission, where I think the company has posted very strong returns in 2006 2007 during the some part on why these deferential... is that dynamic present there as well or is that clearly a different issue?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: No, as we put in our pipeline Carthage to Perryville, we saw basis shrink. And then there is another pipeline that went into service a little bit, I guess it was in late January, early February and we saw basis shrink again between that area and Perryville. We had seen some basis shrinkage also on our traditional CEGT pipeline. So, all these new pipelines that are being built are clearly going to impact basis, at least that's our expectations. In a kind, it depends on weather and demand and lot of us thanks, but everything else being equal additional pipeline means smaller basis.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from Faisel Khan with Citi.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Just a follow-up on that, but the lower basis doesn't change any of your earnings profile, your pipeline in the ground those are all long-term capacity agreement?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've tried to take into account Faisel this new dynamic with basis differentials. We do transport a lot of cross-haul across our system. And we make money every year through ancillary services for interruptible current services, and so it can't impact us. And we also have a park and loan service.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Sure.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That we make money at. So, it's not like we are insulated, but if you look at the bulk of our pipeline earnings, they come from selling long-term capacity earning a demand charge, our capacity charge and that's where the bulk of it is, but around the edges that we clearly make money and we are very aggressive at trying to market those services.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, what would you say the benefit from those services were in the 2007 outside at the normal demand charge earnings?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am going to be guessing now. I am thinking $20 million.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Imean overall revenue, there is some cost to go along with that. It's in that range, I think.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And if you are looking over the long run, next three to five years, given your expected capital deployment plan than your pipeline expansion advance hearing distance, you guys have stated earnings growth assumption that you think about over the long run?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: We put our aspirations. We want to grow this business 5% to 6% a year. And your LDCs and your electric businesses can grow as fast as customers base and rate base. And I think 3% or 4% is doable there. We have to have pipeline and gathering opportunities to get above that rate, but we have been able to do that for last few years, and we see opportunities out there, but we don't think we can grow this business at a double digit rate. But we think, 4%, 5%, 6% is in a realistic range.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Carl Seligson with NYACK Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Relative to the subject of energy efficiency and AMI, are there are any another plans historically on the phased-in installation of meters, such as a request for decoupling?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Carl, we are on the gas LDC side, obviously that's what we have requested, and we've been successful in a number of jurisdictions. We will look it that very hard when go in, in our next rate case on the electric side, which can't be before June of 2010. But decoupling is something I think on the electric side that will give some attention and we'll study that quite a bit as well. And we might very well look at how that impacts us and look at a decouple rate for electric as well. It works a little different in Texas obviously with this deregulated market here. So... but I think it's a fair question and decoupling, I think is now coming to the electric side. It's been on the gas side a while.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Thanks.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Marianne Paulsen - Investor Relations: Luanne, if there is one more question, we can take it. If not, we can end the call.
Operator: Okay, ma'am. We do have one question. It's a follow-up from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Follow-on; I was wondering are you recovering all the uncollectible on the natural gas distribution side in every jurisdiction?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we certainly have a level of bad debt expense in our rates there. It's probably not at the level we incurred in 07. But we have a fairly significant level of bad debt already built into our rate. We earned pretty close to our authorized rate of return, as I indicated in my call. But, I would say that our base rates are probably a little bit short of what we actually incurred in 07. We hope though that comes down and it will get back to a more normal level.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Yes, but you don't have an automatic recovery of the uncollectible right now, I mean as a system?
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
David M. McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Daniele.
Marianne Paulsen - Investor Relations: Okay, thank you very much. I would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. And have a great Day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-02 11:30:00) =====
Executives: Marianne Paulsen - Director of Investor Relations David McClanahan - President and Chief Executive Officer Gary Whitlock - Executive Vice President and Chief FinancialOfficer
Analysts: Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley Faisel Khan - Citigroup Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital David Grumhaus - Copia Capital Josh Silverstein - Highbridge Capital Management Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good morning and welcome to CenterPoint Energy's ThirdQuarter 2007 Earnings Conference Call with senior management. During thecompany's prepared remarks, all participants will be in a listen-only mode.There will be a question-and-answer session after Management's remarks(Operator Instructions). I'll now turn the call over to Marianne Paulsen, Director ofInvestor Relations. Miss Paulsen?
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much Luan. Good morning everyone. This isMarianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. Iwould like to welcome you to our third quarter 2007 earnings conference call.Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO, and Gary Whitlock,Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our thirdquarter 2007 results and we'll also provide highlights on other key activities.In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members ofmanagement with us who may assist in answering questions following preparedremarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier todayare posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com under theinvestor's section. I would like to remind you that any projections orforward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionarystatements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with theSEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that areplay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. central time throughFriday, November 9th, 2007. To access the replay, please call 1800-642-1687 or706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 19320755. You can also listento an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. Wewill archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that I will now turn the call over to DavidMcClanahan.
David McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPointEnergy. This morning we reported our third quarter earnings. We had a goodquarter. Our performance is consistent with our expectations for thisyear and I'm pleased with our overall results. Net income was $91 million forthe third quarter of 2007 or $0.27 per diluted share. This compares to net incomeof $83 million or $0.26 per diluted share for the same period last year. Operating income was $287 million for the third quarter of2007 compared to $284 million for the same quarter of 2006. The increase inoperating income for the quarter was driven by strong performances in ourinterstate pipeline and field services businesses and continued improvement inour natural gas distribution utility, partially offset by the effect of ourelectric rate settlement that was implemented in October of last year. Houston Electric reported operating income of $166 millionfor the third quarter of 2007, compared to $187 million last year. Excludingincome from the CTC of $11 million this year and $14 million last year, ourcore regulated electric utility earned $155 million, compared to $173 millionfor the same period of 2006. While Houston Electric continues to enjoy the benefits ofstrong customer growth in our service territory, adding more than 47,000customers since last September, the rate settlement implemented last Octoberreduced this quarter's operating income by $25 million. Considering the impact of the rate settlement, HoustonElectric's financial results were as expected and it continued its solidoperational performance. Our Natural Gas Distribution segment reported anoperating loss of $8 million for the quarter compared to a loss of $11 millionfor the same period last year. We continue to experience positive results from ourproductivity improvement efforts and from strong customer growth, adding nearly48,000 customers since September of last year. However, this is a seasonalbusiness and the third quarter is typically the weakest of the year. I'm pleased that we were able to settle the Arkansas ratecase. We worked diligently with the commission staff to find common ground, andthus avoided extended litigation. The final order issued by the commissionapproved a base rate increase of $20 million, which went into affect yesterday. In addition, the commission approved a decoupling mechanismthat will help stabilize revenues and earnings and will be consistent with theArkansas commission's initiative, as well as our desire to promote energyefficiency. Overall, I am very pleased with the progress we continue tomake in pursuing rate strategies and operational efficiencies in order toimprove the financial performance of our Gas LDC businesses. Our competitiveNatural Gas Sales and Services segment reported operating income of $4 millioncompared to $11 million for the third quarter of 2006. The decline is primarily related to a reduction inlocational and seasonal natural gas price differentials, which in turn reducesthe opportunity to create value from optimizing our pipeline and storageassets. In addition, we recorded a $2 million gain frommarked-to-market accounting for derivatives used to lock in margins, comparedto $21 million marked-to-market gain last year. We also recorded a $5 millionwrite-down of natural gas inventory to lower of cost or market in the thirdquarter of this year, compared to $26 million inventory write-down last year. Year-to-date, we have recorded operating income of $56million compared to $44 million last year. Some of the income recorded in theearly part of 2007 related to transactions that originated in the more volatilemarkets in the aftermath of hurricanes Katrina and Rita. Market conditionsduring most of 2007 have been less volatile and more like historical norms. As a result, we have not had as many opportunities for assetoptimization this year. Nevertheless, our base commercial and industrial salesbusiness continues to do well and we remain well positioned to take advantageof future market opportunities, should they arise. Our Interstate Pipelinessegment recorded strong results this quarter, reporting $70 million ofoperating income, compared to $48 million in 2006. The main contributor to this increase was the completion ofthe first two phases of our new 172-mile pipeline between Carthage, Texas andour Perryville hub in northeast Louisiana. Phase I with almost 1 billion cubicfeet per day of capacity went into service on May 1st. Phase II, which addedabout 250 million cubic feet per day went into service on August 1st. Ultimately, we plan to expand this project to a total of 1.5billion cubic feet per day by adding additional compression and increasingoperating pressure. All approvals have been received and we expect the thirdphase to be in service in the first quarter of 2008. A second major project, the Southeast Supply Header, orSESH, a joint venture with Spectra, continues to make progress. A solid groupof shippers has subscribed to approximately 95% of the 1 Bcf per day capacity.We received FERC authorization to build the new pipeline in September andconstruction is underway. We anticipate that it will be in service in themiddle of next year. Earlier this year, we executed contracts with SouthwesternElectric Power, a subsidiary of AEP, to construct pipeline and compressionfacilities to serve a new power plant with up to 480 megawatts of capacity. Ourfacilities will be built in two phases. The first phase was quite into servicea few months ago and the second phase is expected to be in service in thesecond quarter of 2009 following FERC approval. Our Field Services segment also reported solid results withoperating income of $26 million compared to $21 million in 2006. The corebusiness continues to benefit from strong drilling activity in the midcontinentarea and higher demand for ancillary services. This year we expect to invest over $100 million in newfacilities. Natural gas development near our existing assets remains veryactive and additional facilities will be needed to get natural gas reserves tomarket. We are very active in pursuing these projects. Overall, we are pleased with the continued growthopportunities and the financial results of this segment and we expect tocontinue to grow this business. Now let me provide you an update on some otherimportant initiatives. Houston Electric continues to actively pursue advancedmetering, using broadband over power line technology and multifunctional smartmeters and ultimately the implementation of an intelligent distribution grid. As part of our assessment of the advanced metering system,we have installed approximately 10,000 smart meters to evaluate any issuesrelating to system-wide implementation. Results so far have been encouragingand we continue to take a very disciplined approach to ensure the technologycan be scaled up efficiently to serve our entire system. An advanced metering rule pertaining to technicalrequirements for installing these type of systems and a valuation model for anadvanced metering surcharge have been approved by the Texas Public UtilityCommission. We expect to file a deployment plan and a request forsurcharge before the end of this year. This plan would entail the rollout ofadvanced meters over a five-year period at a cost of approximately $150 millionper year. Any decision to move forward with this plan will depend on theresults of the limited deployment program and an appropriate PUC order. I know that you are interested in the status of our true-upappeal. Unfortunately, there is nothing new to report. As you recall, we'veappealed decisions by the Texas PUC that, in the aggregate, total $1.3 billion.Interveners have also appealed various aspects of the PUC's final order. Ourtrue-up appeal remains at the Third Court of Appeals, where oral arguments wereheld in January. There's no statutory time frame under which the court has torender a decision on the appeal, but a decision could come at any time. Ofcourse, regardless of the outcome, we expect parties to appeal the decision tothe Texas Supreme Court. In closing, I would like to remind you of the $0.17 pershare quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on October 25th.And we believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitmentto our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in ourability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now I'll turn the callover to Gary.
Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. I would liketo discuss a few items with you this morning. Over the last several months, wehave taken a number of steps to continue to strengthen our liquidity. As I mentioned during our last call, in June we amended ourthree bank credit facilities, which now total $2.45 billion and extended theirmaturities to 2012. Over the last four years, we have steadily andsignificantly strengthened our liquidity and enhanced our financial flexibilitythrough the improvement in size, price, and tenor of our working capitalfacilities. Last week we closed on the sale of $500 million of CERCnotes split between two series, $250 million of 10-year notes bearing a couponof 6.125% and $250 million of 30-year notes having a coupon of 6.625%.Proceedsfrom these notes will be used to retire $300 million of CERC debt that matureson February 1, 2008, and to pay down short-term debt at CERC. Even though the $300 million of CERC debt is not due tomature for about three months, we wanted to lock in the rate at today'srelatively attractive rates, particularly given the volatility in the debtcapital markets that we have seen this year. We believe this step to be consistent with our conservativefinancial policy. We are also working to securitize the balance of our true-upcosts that we are currently recovering through a competition transition chargeor CTC. As we have previously discussed, last spring the Texas legislatureamended the law relating to securitization. The change permits us to securitizethe balance of our CTC. In September the PUC issued a financing order, authorizingus to issue approximately $500 million of additional transition bonds. We hopeto be able to complete that process before the end of the year. In addition, ifwe are successful in our true-up appeals, we plan to request a financing orderto securitize any amount, which ultimately results from these appeals. Thisleads to my next topic. Among the issues raised in our true-up appeal is the PUC'sreduction of stranded cost recovery by approximately $146 million for thepresent value of certain deferred tax benefits associated with our formerelectric generation asset. We believe that the PUC based this reduction in large parton proposed normalization regulations issued by the Internal Revenue Service inMarch of 2003, which were withdrawn after the PUC issued its true-up order. In August of this year, we received a private letter rulingin which the IRS concluded that such reductions would cause normalizationviolations. We do not believe the PUC intended that its action in the true-upproceedings should have the consequence of depriving us or our customers of thedeferred tax benefits. In September, the PUC requested the court to remand thenormalization issue in light of the position taken by the IRS in the PLR. We cannot predict whether the court will remand the issue tothe PUC or the ultimate outcome of this matter, but we hope that in light ofthe private letter ruling, all parties will see the benefit of permitting us torecover the disallowed amount plus interest. Let me also discuss our financial strategy as we continue tofocus on improving and growing the profitability of our businesses. Weincreased our dividends in each of the past two years while funding asignificant number of excellent growth opportunities, as well as our ongoingcapital requirements. We accomplished this largely through internally generatedcash flow and true-up proceeds with a minimal increase in debt. Future growthopportunities will be funded through internally generated cash flow anyadditional true-up proceeds and the optimum mix of debt and equity. We remain committed to taking steps necessary to maintainand enhance the credit metrics and credit ratings of both the parent companyand our utility subsidiaries. Finally, I would like to discuss our earnings guidance. Thismorning in our earnings release, we announced that we expect our 2007 earningsto be at the high end of our previously provided guidance range of $1.02 to$1.12 per diluted share. In making our earnings estimate for the year, we haveassumed normal weather for the balance of the year and we have made certaineconomic and operational assumptions, including the timing and outcome ofvarious regulatory and legal proceedings. Now let me thank you for your interest in the Company andI'll turn the call back to Marianne.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Gary. With that we'd now like to takeyour questions. And in the interest of time, I would ask you to please limityourselves to one question and a follow-up. So, LuAnn, would you please givethe instructions on how to ask a question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes fromDaniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hi. I just was wondering the advance metering, have you hasalready been in principal allowed by the commission and when do you anticipatethis to go into place?
David McClanahan: Daniele, we'll be filing, like I said, our plan in December.They have 150 days to make a decision, so we would anticipate a decision byApril or May of next year. And assuming that we get an appropriate order out ofthe commission that gives us some assurances we're going to get full recoveryof our investment here, because it's a large investment, we'd start deployingmeters in the second half of next year and really get in probably the realswing of things in early 2009.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And will you ask for some sort of rider or is it going to bethe kind of thing that you will have to file for on a regular basis?
David McClanahan: No. The PUC has provided a special tariff. It's an advancedmetering tariff, which we would start immediately employing. The way we havebeen and expect to propose it is that we would apply this tariff to allcustomers from the get-go, so we would have some pre-funding, so to speak, aswe went through this, but we don't have to go in and ask for a rate case,change our rates, this will be a separate tariff that is a rider onto ourexisting tariff.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC CapitalMarkets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Good morning. Nice quarter. I wanted to ask you kind of moreof a strategic question, pulling back from some of the micro details. Longerterm, say five years out, how do you project earnings growth rate to look likefor CenterPoint?
David McClanahan: Well, Lasan, I guess it depends on a number of things, butcertainly every aspect of our business we intend to grow. We've had somewonderful opportunities in our pipeline business, in our field servicesbusinesses and, to be very frank, we're in a very good spot right now. Strategically, the areas in the United States where there'slots of drilling, it's right in our footprint. That gas has to be gathered,some of it has to be processed and certainly it's ultimately going to have toget to market. So, I think it creates a lot of opportunities there.Clearly, storage and other opportunities of that sort are clearly on our mindas well. So we expect our pipeline and field services business to continue togrow. Now, our regulated utility business, as you know, basicallygrows as fast as our service territory and our investments to serve these newcustomers, but we serve very nice, fast-growing areas of the country,Minneapolis, Houston, and we've had a growth rate of better than 2% there forthe last ten years. So we don't expect any slowdown. There'll be dips along theway. The softness that other areas of the country are seeing in housing, we seea little of that in Houston, not a lot, to be very honest. So we expect thosepieces of our business will grow slower, but we still believe there's going tobe nice, rate-based growth, which is going to provide for growth in earningsthere as well.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. One quick follow-up question, to Daniele'squestion, any chance that you guys might do a metering question in Minnegasco?
David McClanahan: This is an electric initiative, so the gas side, though,will be implemented in Houston, because it will piggyback on the electric meterand really we already have automated metering deployed in Minnegasco to behonest. We have Hertz on every meter and so we don't send out meter readers aswe do here in Houston. So, but if Xcel or others in Minneapolis and Minnesota woulddeploy something like this, we would look to see if there would be a better wayto read the gas meters. But we've already done a lot of that in Minnesota, Iguess what I'm saying.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst with Credit Suisse.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Good morning, everybody.
David McClanahan: Good morning.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Nice quarter as well. Could you refresh us on where we are,just looking at the legacy true-up costs, the stranded costs? If we take the1.3 and the $146 million that's included in that, what are those numbersinclusive of interest expense right now?
David McClanahan: I can tell you what the $146 million, which is thenormalization issue that Gary spoke of is probably with interest $250 milliontoday. Maybe a little bit more than that. I honestly haven't run the numbers onthe $1.3 billion. Obviously, it's going to be a number a lot bigger than that. Have we run any numbers on the 650 that, let us, thedistrict court overturned the commission on two issues that amounted to about$650 million and I think with interest today, that would be on the order of --it's north of $1 billion.
Gary Whitlock: North of $1 billion.
David McClanahan: Yeah.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: North of $1 billion from the lower court's decision?
David McClanahan: Correct.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one other questionon the securitization, hopefully that come by year-end. Has it been sort offormally declared what use of proceeds will be for that?
David McClanahan: Well, we have to, under the law, we have to either pay downdebt or pay down equity and what we'd expect to do would be to dividend thatmoney out of Houston Electric to the parent company.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Right. But from there
David McClanahan: We have lots of -- Gary, you might want to speak to, thisbut we have lots of growth projects on the table and they'd go towards thesegrowth projects.
Gary Whitlock: Carl, the way you look at it, if you look at our debt thisyear, we started the year with about 6.75 of corporate debt. It's about 7.4now. In other words, $657 million up. This would effectively go to pay downdebt. The ultimate use, the course as David described, has been tofund our capital projects. So, it effectively will pay down the debt andcontinue to fund the capital projects.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Debra Bromberg with Jefferiesand Company.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: Hi. Good morning.
David McClanahan: Good morning.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: What was the amount of the settlement of the state taxissues at Pipelines? And also, could you provide a little more color aroundresidential electric sales in the quarter?
David McClanahan: The settlement was $4 million around the taxes, Debra.Weather was basically normal for the quarter. We had a real mild July andAugust and we caught up in September. We continue to see a little bit ofweakness in usage. We don't really know if our models can't determine how muchis weather and how much is usage, but we're watching that pretty closely. Electric rates have continued to stay pretty high in Texasand we think there's probably some conservation impact there. It's not a hugeamount. And certainly the growth that we're seeing more than outstrips anyweather usage decline, but I think it's worth watching to make sure it's not abig pattern here.
Debra Bromberg - Jefferies & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Charlie Spencer with MorganStanley.
Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley: Good quarter, guys. In Texas, the Houston zone is becomingone of the more congested areas and I was wondering if that's going to upfurther transmission CapEx opportunities for you, potentially going up(inaudible) connecting towards the north
David McClanahan: It is. North into Houston is congested and I think ERCOT islooking at some new transmission that would need to be built in order toalleviate that congestion. And yeah, I think it would open up someopportunities for Houston Electric to build it. It would be in part of the areathat we typically build transmission. So, we work with ERCOT very closely on that and we put, I'dexpect we're going to put some dollars in our future capital budgets to reflectsome of that in the next three to four years, if not sooner.
Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley: Do you have any idea just the general dollar amount?Obviously, it's early days at this point, but just any sort of general range asto how much money that might take to help alleviate some of that congestion.
David McClanahan: Well, last year, we had $400 million worth of transmissionin our five-year capital budget, and that was without any of these largecongestions being resolved. I would imagine it's going to be north of 4,probably north of $500 million. We haven't got all those numbers, but they'reincreasing just because of this congestion issue you noted.
Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Good afternoon.
David McClanahan: Good afternoon.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: With the recent sale of TXU to private holders, there's apossibility that a piece of their delivery business could come up for sale. Howstrategic are those assets? Would they make sense to operate those assetstogether with yours or how much you guys thinking about something like apotential opportunity like that?
David McClanahan: Well, Faisel, I think we've said in the past, we'reinterested in T&D businesses, we like the business, we would like to ownmore of the business. We clearly believe there would be a fair amount ofsynergies between our business and a business like Encore. So, and if in fact that business goes on the market, we'dabsolutely take a look at it. But we do think there would be a lot of synergiesin operating them together. There's no question about it in our mind. Wehaven't done any detailed work on that, but just general business knowledge, webelieve it would be pretty strong.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay. And on the appeals case, is there any precedence for acase taking this long to be decided? Have cases in the past taken this long tobe decided?
David McClanahan: Let me ask Scott Rozzell to address that.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Thank you.
Scott Rozzell: Faisel, yes, it's not uncommon for appeals to last thislong. In fact, we have another appeal before that same court that's actuallybeen pending for an additional two months longer than this. And there are othercases on the docket that are longer. I would say, as we've said before, that a good benchmark forevery level of the appellate process is about a year from filing todisposition. And this one is getting closer to two years now. So I think thisis a much longer time than is normal, but it's certainly not longer than wehave seen in the past for complicated matters.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Patrick Forkin with TejasSecurities.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Good morning. Just wanted to clarify, the total investmentopportunity for the smart metering project is $750 million over five years?
David McClanahan: That would be $750 is probably a little over five years. Itwould be five or a little over five years. And that's just the advancedmetering on the electric side. We do have some additional dollars that we'dspend for the intelligent grid. Those aren't going to be spent nearly as quick, but there'sprobably another $150 million or so that over a seven, ten-year period thatwould be spent there. But metering is about $750 over a little over five yearsbased on the plan we're going to propose. Now the PUC is going to weigh in on this too, I'm sure, butI think they're going to like our plan, because I think we've got a good, solidplan. And I expect we're going to be the first one in the state to file it.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Okay. And then assuming you do make that filing in December,does that indicate that you're happy with the technology that you've tested in,and subject to approval from your commission, that you're going to moveforward?
David McClanahan: Yeah. We've been testing lots of pieces of this. The Itronmeter, the OpenWay meter. We've been testing our BPL technology and we've alsobeen testing a lot of prototype models where you have to gather all themetering data and give reps access to it. All along the way, we've been very pleased with how thistechnology has come together. We haven't identified any deal breakers,obviously. They've been making improvements as we went along, but at this pointin time, we're pretty pleased with what we've seen so far. We think we've gone-- we're pretty much to the end of that pilot phase.
Patrick Forkin - Tejas Securities: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Gambuzza with LongbowCapital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good afternoon.
David McClanahan: Hello.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Hi. I'm sorry if you covered this already, but is there anyexpected timing on the appellate court decision?
David McClanahan: You know, there's really not. Scott Rozzell, our GeneralCounsel addressed this. We really expected it to have happened by now, but itcan be anytime. But we just haven't heard anything yet.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. So really there's no kind of when you look at thecalendar of the court, are there any particular windows where you would expectthere not to be a decision? So for example, if you were not to get a decisionby December 15th, would that automatically push it through to past the NewYear, or any color on that in terms of the court calendar?
Scott Rozzell: Well, there's nothing this is Scott Rozzell, there isnothing really that would indicate that the court doesn't issue decisions atany particular point in time. I think just as a matter of human experience, weknow that things slow down during the holidays, but that's about as much as Icould offer on that. I think this is, as David mentioned, a decision that couldcome at any time.
Steve Gambuzza, Longbow Capital: So the process has completely run its course and the nextstep is the court will issue its decision, which it could happen tomorrow or itcould happen three months from now?
Scott Rozzell: That's right. There's no statutory deadline that the courthas to abide by and they will issue this decision when they've completed theirdeliberations and the process of drafting and having that opinion reviewed.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then finally, the 750 over five years for the AMI,that's just for the meters and then $150 million for additional smart gridtechnology over a longer period; is that correct?
David McClanahan: Yeah. The 750 obviously is much more than meters. There'slots of BPL technology. There's lots of computer programs and architecture thatgoes along with that. But that is the 750 is the way we've couched this wholeadvanced metering project, just a lot of components of it. The additional amount is unrelated to the metering. It'sjust how you manage the grid, putting sensors on the grid, being able tooperate the grid digitally, monitoring performance of the grid and that wouldroll out over a fairly lengthy time. But at this stage, we're thinking $150million or so is an appropriate number to be thinking about.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Grumhaus with CopiaCapital.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Good morning, guys.
David McClanahan: Good morning.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Two quick questions for you. One, on the court case, thenormalization with the Texas attorney general coming back to the court, is thatslowing the process at all, or does that not have any affect on the renderingof the decision?
Scott Rozzell: I don't think that that will this is Scott Rozzell again. Idon't believe that that will have an impact on the pace of the overall appeal.What the attorney general did was to ask the court to remand the normalizationissue back to the commission in light of this private letter ruling that we'vereceived. And the commission could choose to do that remand as a partof its I'm sorry, the court could choose to do that remand as a part of itsdecision on the overall appeal, or it could choose to sever that issue andremand it earlier. But either way, I don't think it slows down the resolutionof the remaining issues.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Then field services, another solidquarter, are you still seeing good growth opportunities there is? I know youlike your positioning -- is your view you can continue just to keep growing thatbusiness at the rate for '08 you've been able to do so in the last couple ofyears?
David McClanahan: We continue to see a tremendous amount of activity. We'llconnect 400 wells again this year. We have each of the last four years,including this one. That's from an historical level of 220 a year, soactivity's way up, but we're seeing a lot of activity around the shale playswhich are right near. Where we have facilities and some other new developmentareas. So we really think that we're in the right spot when it comes to fieldservices and there's going to be lots of opportunities. We clearly have tocapture them and we so it's up to us to get out there and do that, but we'vegot a lot in front of us that we can work with.
David Grumhaus - Copia Capital: Okay that's helpful. Look forward to seeing you at the EI.Take care.
David McClanahan: Great.
Operator: Your next question comes from Carl Kirst with Credit Suisse.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Sorry, guys. Just two quick follow-ups. The first is aactually, want to clarify the smart meter spend one more time. The $750 was alittle bit higher than we were expecting. Is that just electric or does thatinclude the $100 million of gas?
David McClanahan: No, that's just electric.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: So, I don't know if you can say before you actually file,but have you decided against, then, spending on the gas or is that going to beaddressed as a separate issue?
David McClanahan: No. We wouldn't file that in the electric case, but to bevery honest, we jointly read meters in Houston now, gas and electric, and so wewould expect that it's just a follow-on on this technology and I think anywherefrom $80 million to $90 million, $100 million over a five or six-year period onthe gas side is what we'd see there. But we would expect to deploy that at thesame time.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Okay.
David McClanahan: But it wouldn't about be part of this of the proceeding atthe commission.
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Very helpful. And then just lastly on the gas side,Minnesota, as far as the potential for rate relief next year, has there beenany update in thinking or magnitude?
David McClanahan: No, not at this stage. They passed a law last earlier thisyear, I guess, that what I wanted to do some piloting on decoupling. Certainly,we're interested in decoupling, especially in Minnesota and we're trying todecide now exactly how to manage that and what that means to us. And whether it means we have to go in for a rate case to doit or we can do it some other way. But we're not ready to announce anything,because it's still under consideration. 
Carl Kirst - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz with DahlmanRose. 
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Just I was wondering if there were any other projects alongthe pipeline area aside from the next one that you have been talking about fora while?
David McClanahan: We continue to look at a number of projects there, Daniele,but we have nothing to announce. There's clearly a lot of gas in the shalereserves and in the mid-continent area that are going to have to get to market. And our assessment is you're going to need some morepipelines to do it, but we haven't got anything to announce there.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, great. And as far as the rate-making regardingtransmission, is it are there incentive returns, etcetera and riders forspecific projects, or is it just going into a base like any other incrementalcapital expansion?
David McClanahan: Well, in Texas, we have something called TCOST, transmissioncost of service where you can get an update to your tariff for transmissionwithout going in for a full rate case and then you reconcile it when you do goin for a rate case. And we can go in 2008 as part of our overall ratesettlement. We agreed to not go in and ask for an increase in our transmissionrates before then, but we might very well, we've spent a fair amount of moneyand I think we're looking at whether or not we need to go in toward the end ofnext year for a TCOST revision.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Silverstein withHighbridge.
Josh Silverstein - Highbridge CapitalManagement: Hey, guys. Just had a similar question to Daniele. Was justwondering given the increase in cost for services, steel, transmission lines,given that you guys are operating under a rate freeze right now, would thatkind of pressure earnings growth there until you come out of the rate freeze,or can you actually go in or are there savings that you guys are finding on theOEM side right now?
David McClanahan: We can't go in and file until '010. So we are under afreeze. We do have a very attractive service territory that continues to growat a very nice clip and clearly the growth there can offset expense increases. Just like any other company, we continue to see some laborincreases, where we have a lot of and the biggest part of our cost is labor,other than capital. But we constantly are looking for ways to be moreefficient. We know we're in a rate freeze. We know we have to be moreefficient, and we have folks looking at that every day. And if you look at ourtrack record over the last three, four years, I think we've been verysuccessful in being able to hold down cost and find efficiencies and wecontinue to look for those.
Josh Silverstein - Highbridge CapitalManagement: Got it. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lasan Johong with RBC CapitalMarkets.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, David, I just wanted to ask you quickly aboutpreparations or how preparations are going for the transition towards nodalmarket within maybe about a year and change?
David McClanahan: I'm not sure I'm the best one to answer this. It is movingforward. It's a very expensive proposition. ERCOT is dealing with it,obviously, as well as the PUC, but they're still moving forward with a 2009expected implementation, but there's lots of work to be done between now andthen. But it's still moving forward, Lasan.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: How much do you think it's going to end up costing you andwill you get rate recovery or rate relief from it, for it?
David McClanahan: I think ERCOT is going to spend something like $250 plusmillion and really they'll recover that through an increased fee they chargeand it really won't be us. We don't have a lot of costs that will be and thatwill incur as a result of this, but certainly the market and ERCOT are havingto redevelop their systems and we may have some minor cost increases just tointerface with them. But this isn't really a ticket for us, it's for others thatare dealing with that.
Lasan Johong - RBC Capital Markets: Perfect, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from CharlieSpencer with Morgan Stanley.
Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Just one follow-up on someone else's earlier question.In terms of potential other P&D opportunities, in terms of investingoutside of your territory, would you be interested in like minority stakes? I understand the synergies on buying entire businesses, butfrom a minority stake, is that something that interests you or is that I mean?
David McClanahan: I think, Charlie, it really depends on where we think theinvestment would take us. If we think it positions us for a bigger stake andmaybe a stake to own the whole thing, we might very well be interested. If it's simply a minority stake that you never could get thekind of efficiencies and synergies if you own the whole thing, than we probablywouldn't be as interested in that.
Charlie Spencer - Morgan Stanley: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. Great. Thank you very much, everybody, for participatingin our call. We appreciate your interest and support as always. Thank you andhave a great afternoon.
Operator: This concludes CenterPoint Energy's third quarter 2007earnings conference call. Thank you for your participation.
