===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Capital One Q1 2025 Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris : Thanks very much, Josh, and welcome to everyone. To access our live webcast of this call, please go to the Investors section of Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. A copy of the earnings presentation, press release and financial supplement can be found in the investors section of Capital One's website at capitalone.com by selecting financials and then quarterly earnings releases. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Richard and Andrew are going to walk you through our presentation, summarizing our first quarter results for 2025. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factor section of our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One's website and filed with the SEC. And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young : Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the first quarter, Capital One earned $1.4 billion, or $3.45 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the quarter were adjusting items for legal reserve activities and discover integration expenses. Net of these adjusting items, first quarter earnings per share were $4.06. Pre-provision earnings in the first quarter were largely flat to the fourth quarter at $4.1 billion. On an adjusted basis, pre-provision earnings increased 2% from the fourth quarter. Revenue in the linked quarter declined 2% driven by 2 fewer days in the quarter. Noninterest expense decreased 5% on an adjusted basis, driven by declines in both marketing and operating expenses. Our provision for credit losses was $2.4 billion in the quarter, a decrease of $273 million compared to the prior quarter. The decrease was driven by $148 million lower net charge-offs and $123 million larger reserve release. Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the allowance in greater detail. We released $368 million in allowance this quarter, bringing the allowance balance to $15.9 billion. Our total portfolio coverage ratio decreased 5 basis points to 4.91%. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. In our Domestic Card business, we released $458 million in allowance. The allowance release was driven by continued favorable credit performance in the quarter, partially offset by higher consideration to our downside economic scenario and increased qualitative factors to account for heightened uncertainty. The coverage ratio remained largely flat as the impact of the allowance release was offset by the denominator effect from the paydown of seasonal balances. As a reminder, our Domestic Card coverage ratio is about 100 basis points above CECL day 1 after taking into account the impact of the termination of the Walmart agreement. The allowance balance in our Consumer Banking segment was largely flat at $1.9 billion. Observed credit favorability and the impact of stable auction prices was largely offset by growth in the auto business. The coverage ratio decreased by 4 basis points. And finally, our commercial banking allowance increased by $117 million. The build in allowance was driven by increased qualitative factors to account for heightened uncertainty as well as specific reserves for a small number of individual credits. Coverage ratio increased by 12 basis points to 1.73%. Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter increased to $131 billion, about $7 billion higher than last quarter. Our cash position ended in the quarter at approximately $49 billion, up $5 billion from the prior quarter. The increase was driven by continued strong deposit growth in our retail banking business and the paydown of seasonal card balances. Our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the first quarter was 152%. Turning to Page 7, I'll cover our net interest margin. Our first quarter net interest margin was 6.93%. 10 basis points lower than last quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was driven by the 15 basis point impact of having 2 fewer days in the quarter. Beyond day count, NIM increased 5 basis points as the beneficial impact of the reduction in the repay in our deposits was only partially offset by the seasonal impact of lower average card loans and higher cash. On a year-over-year basis, NIM increased 24 basis points, driven by a favorable mix towards card loan and the termination of the revenue sharing agreement with Walmart, partially offset by 1 fewer day relative to last year's leap year. Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended quarter at 13.6%, approximately 10 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter and the impact of seasonal loan declines were largely offset by the impact of the final CECL phase-in dividends and $150 million of share repurchases. Looking ahead, we expect the record date for the second quarter dividend for both Discover and Capital One to be after the May 18 closing date. As a result, we expect current Discover shareholders will be shareholders of Capital One's common stock as of the expected record date and will therefore receive Capital One's $0.60 second quarter dividend, subject to Board approval. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows first quarter results in our Credit Card business. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. In the first quarter, our Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of top-line growth, strong margins and improving credit. Year-over-year purchase volume growth for the quarter was 5%. The first quarter of 2024 had an extra day since it was a leap year. Adjusting for this leap year effect, year-over-year purchase volume growth was about 6%. Ending loan balances increased $6.4 billion or about 4% year-over-year. Average loans increased about 5% and revenue was up 7% from the first quarter of 2024, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin for the quarter increased 37 basis points from the prior year quarter to 18.2%, primarily driven by the impact of the end of the Walmart revenue sharing agreement. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 6.19%, up 25 basis points year-over-year. The impact of the end of the Walmart loss sharing agreement increased the first quarter charge-off rate by 42 basis points. Excluding this impact, the charge-off rate for the quarter would have been [5.77%] (ph) a year-over-year improvement of 17 basis points. Our delinquencies have been improving steadily for several quarters on a seasonally adjusted basis. The 30-plus delinquency rate at the end of the first quarter was down 4.25%, down 23 basis points from the prior year. Domestic Card noninterest expense was up 13% compared to the first quarter of 2024. Operating expense and marketing both increased year-over-year. Total company marketing expense in the quarter was $1.2 billion, up 19% year-over-year. Our choices in domestic card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see compelling growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the domestic card business and build an enduring franchise with heavy spenders at the top of the marketplace. Compared to the first quarter of 2024, domestic card marketing in the quarter included higher direct response marketing, higher media spend and increased investment in premium benefits and differentiated customer experiences like our travel portal, airline lounges and Capital One shopping. As always, all of our marketing and origination choices are informed by our continuous monitoring of portfolio trends market conditions and consumer and competitor behaviors. Slide 12 shows first quarter results in our Consumer Banking business. Auto originations were up 22% from the prior year quarter, driven by overall market growth and our strong position to pursue resilient growth in the current marketplace. Consumer Banking ending loan balances increased $3.8 billion or about 5% year-over-year. Average loans were also up 5%. Compared to the year ago quarter, ending consumer deposits grew about 8% and average consumer deposits were up about 9%. Our digital-first national consumer banking business continues to grow and gain traction, powered by our technology transformation and our compelling no fees, no minimums and no overdraft fees customer value proposition. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was down about 2% year-over-year, driven by margin compression in Retail Banking, partially offset by growth in auto loans and retail deposits. Noninterest expense was up about 27% compared to the first quarter of 2024 driven largely by the first quarter adjusting item Andrew discussed, as well as increased auto originations, higher marketing to drive growth in our National Consumer Banking business and continued technology investments. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.55%, down 44 basis points year-over-year, largely as a result of our choice to tighten credit and pull back in 2022, auto charge-offs have been a strong and stable contributor on a seasonally adjusted basis. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.93% down 35 basis points year-over-year. Slide 13 shows the first quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked-quarter, both ending and average loan balances were essentially flat. Ending deposits were down about 5% from the linked quarter. Average deposits were roughly flat. We continue to manage down select less attractive commercial deposit balances. First quarter revenue was down 7% from the linked quarter and non-interest expense was down by about 6%. The commercial banking annualized net charge-off rate for the first quarter declined 15 basis points from the sequential quarter to 0.11%. The commercial criticized performing loan rate was 6.41%, up 6 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized nonperforming loan rate was essentially flat at 1.40%. In closing, we continued to post strong and steady results in the first quarter. We delivered another quarter of top-line growth in domestic card loans, purchase volume and revenue. In the auto business, we posted growth in originations and loan balances. Our national Consumer Banking business continued to deliver strong year-over-year growth and consumer credit continued to improve. Looking forward, we're very excited to move forward with our acquisition of Discover. Last week, we received regulatory approval for our acquisition of Discover, and we're fully mobilized to complete the transaction on May 18. Until we close, we are still separate public companies, so we have limited access to Discovery's information. Based on our due diligence and integration planning, we continue to expect that we will achieve the synergies we estimated when we announced the deal, enabled by the integration costs we estimated at the announcement. And we continue to believe that we'll achieve the synergies run rate in about 24 months following the May 18 closing date. And also, just a reminder, our network synergy estimate assumed the implementation of lower debit interchange rates proposed by the Fed under Reg II in October 2023. Those proposed rates are still pending because of various lawsuits. If there is ultimately no reduction to the current debit interchange fee levels it would lower our debit network synergy because it would increase the baseline to which we are comparing by about $170 million. But it would have no impact on our company's future revenue because, of course, the debit business will be on the Discover Network. Pulling way up, the acquisition of Discover is a singular opportunity. The combination of Capital One and Discover will create a leading consumer banking and payments platform with unique capabilities, modern technology, powerful brands and a customer franchise of over 100 million customers that spans the marketplace. It combines proven and complementary banking and credit card businesses with a global payments network. It leverages Capital One's technology transformation and digital capabilities across a significantly larger customer franchise. It delivers compelling financial results and offers the potential to enhance competition and create significant value for merchants and customers, and it enables and drives significant strategic and economic upside over the long-term. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. Remember, as a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to 1 question plus a single follow-up. If you have follow-up questions after the session is over, Investor Relations team will be available to answer them. Josh, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Ryan Nash : Good evening Rich, good evening Andrew.
Richard Fairbank : Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Nash : So Rich, obviously, a lot of concerns in the market regarding tariffs and the state of the consumer. It's hard to see those concerns in the results, given better-than-expected credit in the reserve release. So maybe just talk a little bit about what you are seeing in the data within Capital One, what gave you the confidence to release reserves. And then for Andrew, you mentioned some of the drivers, favorable credit, higher allocation to the downside. Maybe just remind us what's included for the -- within the allowance for both unemployment and the overall economy? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank : Great. Thanks, Ryan. So let me take your question about what we're seeing in the data. Let me start with a more macro discussion of the health of the consumer and how our major metrics, credit metrics are performing. And then let me just kind of double-click into the data that we're seeing on the spending side over the last couple of weeks because of course, everybody is watching that so closely. But first, pulling kind of way up on the consumer. The U.S. consumer remains a source of strength in the economy. That's true for almost any metric that we look at. the unemployment rate is low and stable. Job creation remains healthy, real wages are growing. Consumer debt servicing burdens remain stable near pre-pandemic levels. In our card portfolio, we're seeing improving delinquency rates and lower delinquency entries, and payment rates are improving on a year-over-year basis. Now of course, the circumstances of individual consumers and households will vary as they always do. And what we look at often with national metrics is averages. And as we've discussed before, some pockets of consumers are feeling pressure from the cumulative effects of inflation and higher interest rates. And we're still seeing delayed charge-off effects from the pandemic, although our improving delinquency suggests that this effect may be moderating. But on the whole, I'd say the U.S. consumer is in good shape. And we watch -- we always watch all the sort of leading indicator credit metrics to have a view of where credit is headed. So let me just take a look at those. And then I'll come back to the sort of last couple of weeks of spend data. So when we look inside our portfolio, of course, delinquencies are the best leading indicator. And we -- our delinquencies were stable on a seasonally adjusted basis throughout most of 2024. And as I mentioned, they improved relative to our seasonal expectation over the last six months. So that's obviously very good news there. Looking at other metrics. Payment rates we've seen – card payment rates increase year-over-year for the last 2 quarters. And this improvement is coincident with the improvements that we're seeing in our delinquency rate. Now of course, increasing payment rates, sort of slow down loan growth rate, but it's a trade we're always happy to make because of the flip side of the coin of the better credit performance. Now underneath the surface of this average improvement in paints, we are also seeing the portion of customers making just the minimum payment running somewhat above free pandemic levels. So while the average customer is doing well, some customers at the margin are likely feeling stress from inflation and elevated interest rates. Revolve rates. Let me turn to look at that. Revolve rates have stabilized over the past year but remain below pre-pandemic levels for our major products and segments. So that, again, is another healthy indicator -- a healthy indicator. Now none of these observations are conclusive on their own, but I think they are collectively helpful at giving us insight into credit and economic trends. Now there's another thing, Ryan, that we look at of course, is new account originations. And we look at our new originations. We see early performance that is consistent with our expectations. It's stable and even improving a bit vintage over vintage and consistent with pre-pandemic levels. Now this might be less of that observation may be more of a Capital One effect specifically because much of the stability from decisions we made starting back in 2020 to account for inflated bureau scores and competitive dynamics and the flood of fintech supply. And so I think our interpretation is our active management has probably offset some underlying worsening that has happened in the marketplace. The other metric we look at is recoveries and our recoveries inventory continues to rebuild, of course, from the prior normalization of charge-offs that should be a gradual tailwind to our losses over time all else being equal. So that's the strong credit situation that we see. And of course, especially in the current – uncertain environment, we're monitoring that very, very carefully. Let me turn and just talk about the latest in terms of spend trends in our card business and in auto. So let me start with card. The spend trends were largely stable through the end of the first quarter. In recent weeks, we've started to see an uptick in spend growth per customer relative to this time last year across our consumer segments. I would note we haven't observed this more recent trend in our small business card portfolio. Now some of this uptick is likely driven by the timing of the Easter holiday, which fell in April this year versus March last year. So we maybe should discount that a little bit. We've also seen a recent increase in retail spending, particularly electronics in the past few weeks. Maybe that's a pulling forward of purchases in light of the tariffs, we'll have to see over time. At the same time, we've seen some easing in the T&E growth and airfare in particular. And the final thing I want to do is just talk about the auto patterns that we're seeing. While it's early, when we look at industry data, there appears to be a bit of a pull forward in auto purchases likely as consumers are trying to get ahead of tariff impacts. And we continue to monitor our application and origination volumes. I think also there is some early indication that auction prices are increasing more than seasonal norms. All of this is very early, but that would be what we see right at the margin. So with that, I'll turn it over to Andrew for your question.
Andrew Young : Yes, Ryan, a few factors at play with respect to the allowance. Why don't I just start with our baseline forecast, and then I'll touch on water considerations. So for the baseline forecast, as Rich just talked about, our seasonally adjusted delinquency rates have been improving on a year-over-year basis since about October of last year and charge-offs have been improving for the last few months after you account for Walmart. And so when we take those observed credit results and then we take our baseline forecast, our baseline forecast at the end of March, we use consensus estimates. And so consensus estimates at that point looks quite similar to consensus estimates at the end of December. Unemployment was in the -- I think, peaking in the [4%, 3%] (ph) range and GDP growth around 2 and inflation in the high 2s coming down from there. And so if we take our observed credit results with that baseline forecast, what's baking in the oven resulted in an allowance release that would have been quite a bit larger than what we actually released this quarter. And so the effect of tamping down the magnitude of that allowance release was really our consideration to downside economic risks and greater uncertainty, that really manifested itself in the final days of the quarter. And so we more heavily considered our downside scenario, which includes more severe rising unemployment and renewed inflation relative to the downside scenario we had a quarter ago. And the favorable trends that I described then were partially offset by that greater consideration of the downside, as well as the uncertainties around the forecast. And all of that ultimately led to the roughly $450 million release you saw in the quarter.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. You may proceed.
Sanjay Sakhrani : Thank you. Rich, Andrew. Rich, you mentioned you're fully mobilized to integrate. I'm just curious how we should think about the timing in terms of some of the milestones to achieve the synergies. For example, how long would it take for the debit conversion to happen and maybe a similar point on expenses?
Andrew Young : Yes. Sanjay, as you said, we are still in the midst of doing our planning. But what I would highlight for you is based on what we know today, our assumption is that we are essentially just picking up all of the assumptions that we provided 14 months ago at deal announcement and pushing it back by a little less than 6 months because you'll recall, we assumed the transaction would close when we did the announcement in late Q4, early Q1, so a center date there of January 1. Now we're closing on May 18. I would point you back to the timing that we included in the announcement and just shift all of that back to correspond to the later closing date.
Sanjay Sakhrani : Okay. Great. And then maybe a follow-up on capital return. Obviously, you guys are well above the CET1 target, I think, Discover as well you've talked about sort of a phased migration back towards your target. Could you just discuss how we should think about it going forward in terms of when you might be able to start sort of elevating the amount of capital return? Thanks.
Andrew Young : Yes. We're still operating as two independent companies, Sanjay. So at this point, our access to a lot of the more proprietary and confidential data has been limited. And after we close the transaction, we'll have access to the data, we need to do the analysis to determine what we believe is the capital need of the combined company. And in addition, we're in the midst of this year's CCAR, and we'll get our new SEB in June. And so as a result of that, I'd say, at least for the second quarter, it's reasonable to assume we'll likely maintain the pace we've been on, until we get to the other side of close and do that analysis. But once we've completed that work, we understand the importance of returning excess capital to shareholders, and we intend to do so.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Ma with Barclays. You may proceed.
Terry Ma : Hi, thank you. Good evening. So you called out marketing was up 19% year-over-year. It seems like you're still seeing some compelling opportunities and are leaning in. So maybe talk about where you're seeing the best opportunities right now? And then also, how are you thinking about balancing that investment for growth versus risk management, particularly in subprime? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank : Yes. Terry, thank you and good evening. Our marketing investment continues to power the future growth of the company as we capitalize on opportunities that have become available from many of the choices we've made over the past years, but especially on the shoulders of our technology transformation. So our marketing investments generally fall into 3 categories. First is our investments to fuel customer growth, and we remain really excited about the opportunities that marketing is providing especially in our card business. The tech transformation has allowed us to leverage much more data and also more advanced modeling techniques, leveraging machine learning and AI. And the insights that we get from all of these advancements allow us to create more and more tailored solutions for customers, providing them with the right products and services when they need them. Another thing that's been going on is we've continued to expand the channels and the sources for generating new accounts. So that's kind of the basic right down the fairway marketing, very stimulus response kind of driven side of the business. Second is our continued investment to win at the top of the market with heavy spenders. And this has been a quest that we have been on for years, of course, and spent a lot of time talking about this. But our growth in heavy spenders provides long-term benefits to our business not only in generating a lot of spend growth but also because of what comes with franchise very low losses, low attrition and the lifting of the brand and really the lifting of, I think, all of our franchises across the company. So, of course, acquiring these customers is expensive and requires a number of sustained investments in order to attract and retain them. So significant marketing investment significant upfront early spend bonuses also, of course, we continue to invest in the experiences that we're offering our high-end customers, including exclusive access and experiences that aren't available in the general marketplace like lounge access, our full-service travel portal and access to unique properties and events. And of course, we have the continued investment in brand. So we believe this opportunity is very big. This is a long-term quest we've been on for over a decade, so far. And while all the players in the card business do some effort to win at the top of the market, I think it's a much smaller number of players that are really leaning in and focused and doing the investments to put themselves in a position to win there. By the way, it's not lost on us that, that small list of most aggressive competitors at the top of the market is really leaning in to their marketing investments and their experiences. So the bar of competition is high, but I think the payoff is very large over the long run. The third area of marketing investment for Capital One is building our national bank. And we declared really over a decade ago that we were going to build a digital first full-service national bank. And this, of course, involves thin physical distribution across the nation in terms of branches in some markets and cafes in leading metropolitan areas. We've had a big investment in the digital capabilities for full service banking on a remote basis. And for most banks that are building most full-service banks, virtually all full-service banks, their marketing statement is their branches themselves. Capital One, by organically building a digital first full service bank, the role that marketing plays relative to physical distribution is just a different ratio there. And so we're leaning very heavily into that. But we are really pleased with the momentum we have there. And we're excited by the combination with Discover will give us more scale and more momentum in that space. So those are the three sort of big areas that we're leaning into in marketing and the investments are significant. We're putting a lot of energy, of course, leveraging all of our -- we spent so many years building the measurement infrastructure to be able to measure before during and after how various investments are doing but pulling way up, this is really the engine that is driving a lot of the future growth of our company. And as you can see from some of the numbers that we're posting and some of the investment dollars we're putting into this, we are feeling very optimistic about our prospects. He also asked just what about the growth versus risk management and with the eye towards subprime. I think the consumer is in a good place. We are leaning into our marketing across the spectrum the subprime consumer actually has had a little bit of a faster rate of sort of curing post normalization of even relative to the rest of the spectrum as we've seen. So we continue to feel very good there. We're leaning into that. Now of course, we know that the uncertainty out there, the tariff prospects and everything has us very, very vigilant because if there's a shock to the system, we would expect that could hit harder at that part of the market. But I would leave you with the following impression. We're still leaning in, but we're very, very vigilant watching every day for early indicators of problems.
Jeff Norris: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Moshe Orenbuch : Great. You just in the last answer mentioned that the Discovery transaction is going to kind of help advance kind of the national banking franchise. Hoping maybe you could kind of drill into that is when you think about the elements that either Discover brings or things you'd like to add to your national banking products? I mean, is rewards checking among them? Like what are the things that you think Capital One needs to do better to enhance that as you think about it going forward?
Richard Fairbank : So Moshe, if we pull way up on our national banking strategy, it's very, very differentiated from most banks. Obviously, most banks have -- to overstate it a little bit, a branch on every corner kind of thing, not really every corner these days. But it's physical distribution 1, 2 and 3, all about physical distribution and then creating the customer experiences to go along with that. And of course, also their strategies of most regional banks are out there trying to build national banks. And the way they're going to get there is through acquisitions. Now it's ironic, I'm going to make the comment. I'm going to -- in the wake of a few days ago announcing the regulators approved a major acquisition. But it's not the regular buying of a full-service branch bank-based bank. So our national bank doesn't have, as it's in its growth agenda, buying other sort of regional and local banks. Our business model is in building a national bank is one that doesn't -- we haven't really seen an example in nature here in America of doing that. But the key there is we have -- we're trying to build a bank with leaner economics that comes from not having branches all over the place and then to take -- and also to be very modern in its technology and its digital experiences. And in terms of the customer base that we attract to self-select to a more digitally first kind of experience. And with that business model comes less expensive economics. And then what we've done is to pass the better economics on to the consumer in the form of very aggressive pricing with no fees no minimums and no overdraft fees. So it is a streamlined economics, then margin aggressively priced business model. The benefit of the Discover acquisition relative to that, even though paradoxically, it's a bit of a paradox there because, of course, we are buying especially a credit card business is that the benefit of vertical integration with the network allows our thin margin business to strengthen its margins and allows us to lean in harder and invest even more in building organically this national bank, which has never really been done before. But that's the key way that the Discover acquisition is going to help turbocharge our national bank.
Moshe Orenbuch : Got it. Thanks. Maybe just keeping on the theme with Discover, recognizing that obviously, you don't run the company yet and haven't been inside. But just from what you know about the card business and its focus and what it's done and the fact that it's probably been less aggressively managed over the last somewhere between a year and two years, depending on when you start that. What do you think are the things that need to be done? And does that portfolio shrink before it grows? Any thoughts as to the Discover market and how to think about what you'd like to do with it?
Richard Fairbank : Well, Moshe, we are very struck at how complementary their business model is relative to ours. So we have stretched across the credit spectrum to the tippy top down to -- into subprime. They, of course, have much more stuck to their knitting right in the sort of prime part of the marketplace. They have spent years and years optimizing that business in a way that I have great respect for relative to how to target the customers they want and the marketing and the message and the experience. We've also really come to appreciate just how exceptional some of their customer experiences are. You've seen, I don't know of any other card issuer that goes on national [DV] (ph) and does a lot of advertising about their servicing experience. I mean, not that we don't have great stories to tell, too. But I've always been struck, wow, they're on TV, talk about this thing. Well, when we look at just data that we've collected over time and we've collected a lot of it lately, data as an outsider looking at what people think about their customer experience, their servicing experience, some of their product experiences, they get very high marks. So what we feel that one of the most striking things about Discover is there focus on the customer, they are sticking to the knitting in their kind of one or a couple of sort of big segments and then having everything work backwards from winning in that space. So what we're going to do, even as we integrate and generate of course, efficiencies and the benefits of leveraging Capital One's technology, Capital One's risk management capabilities and a lot of things is very much have a great reference and respect for the business model they've created and making sure to preserve some of those really, really key success factors there. And so we're excited to jump in and do that, still 2 separate companies. So we're going to learn a lot more in the next few weeks. But this is going to be -- and a lot of acquisitions are just -- the goal of the acquisitions is just to take 2 companies squash them together and rip out the costs. I think that Discover brings us a growth platform. Both on the network side and with respect to their card franchise that allows us to preserve the best of what they do, leverage a lot of Capital One's capabilities that we bring and build something really special.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Rick Shane : Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Look, I think one thing that is pretty clear over the last few years, there's been a significant divergence in technology investment between Capital One and Discover. Obviously, you are very interested in the synergies. I'm curious, as you've gone through your due diligence process, how the technology stacks compare for each company? Is this going to be an easy transition to get the Discover systems onto the Capital One system? Or is it going to be sort of the equivalent of you're looking for folks who can code cobalt or something antiquated because of the more limited investment?
Richard Fairbank : So we are very benefited by the now a 12-year technology transformation that we have had at Capital One. And that includes a tremendous investment starting at the bottom of the tech stack up in building core infrastructure. And we're talking about going to the cloud, of course, applications that modernizing all of the 1,300 applications on which Capital One is built, doing a transformation of our data ecosystem and so on. The bottom of the tech stack investments that we have made are just ideally suited for doing an acquisition, of course, especially in a -- of a credit card company because Discover will be able to step right in on the shoulders of our own technology transformation, and we can generate a lot of both cost savings but even more importantly, move them, help them leverage a more modern tech stack along the way. Now they are a mainframe. They have data centers and mainframes even as they've also taken some of their business to the cloud. So we will be going back into the world of data centers. We've been there, done that. And we have a lot of experience with respect to managing those environments, but also over time, moving those environments to the cloud. The new thing for Capital One from a technology point of view, of course, is going to be the network. And running a global network is a really very complex and very high stakes activity. And we think Discover has done that very well the Capital One way is to lean into technology, and I'm sure that we will together go on a great journey with their network to help over time take a strong network that they built and modernize it over time. But we should note that this will be a return for a number of years for Capital One into the world of data centers. But we don't think this is a step into the past. What we do think is an ability to leverage the scale and stand on the shoulders of what we have built and to take a really extraordinary company and bring it on to more modern technology and generate even better experiences and economics.
Rick Shane : Got it. But it sounds like you will be on their tech stack for a couple of years and in their data center still?
Richard Fairbank : Well, on the network side, so we have -- on the credit card side, we have a whole road map of how we're going to take their credit card business and move it on to our tech stack. On the network side, given that we don't have the equivalent on our side, we don't have a road map of a different destination. What we want to do is go in there and see what they've got. And we would like to take that on the same journey that we've taken all the rest of Capital One. But I think this is going to be measured in a whole bunch of years because they have built a global network and that's not going to be a quick kind of transformation to put that thing in the cloud.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
John Pancari : Good evening. I appreciate that you cited no change to the Discover synergies or integration. I also know you indicated you don't own the company yet. So it's tough to completely look under the hood. Is there anything about the backdrop today, the regulatory developments, the competitive backdrop or anything that you see today that you think could lead to a revision to those synergies once you close the deal in May? And then separately, you didn't mention 15% EPS accretion of [27%] (ph) or to 14% CET1 on close. Just wondering if there's any change there. Thanks.
Andrew Young : John, to the last point, in terms of the assumptions of metric. First of all, with CET1 again, that was just what we assumed at the time of the announcement where both companies would be combined for CET1. And so you can look haven't yet seen Discover's results for Q1, but you'll be able to do that math quite easily of where the combined CET1 will be. And then I'd refer you back to the earlier question in terms of our capital plans from there. With respect to metrics like EPS accretion or ROIC, a number of things have changed over the course of the last year, not the least of which is the denominator there. And so as we just take a step back and look at the overall numbers and the moving parts. So I would just say the strategic and financial benefits that we assumed 14 months ago remain fully intact. And we're just excited today as we were at the time of the announcement. And then with respect to the regulatory environment and backdrop, I would sort of lump that in with a number of things have changed over the course of the last 14 months, but nothing that we are specifically pointing to in terms of the strategic implications at all to the deal.
Richard Fairbank : John, let me just also just say a few things. And of course, we're still separate public companies, so we won't have full access to Discovery's information until after we close the acquisition. But so we continue to expect that we'll achieve the synergies that we estimated when we announced the deal based on the integration budget that we estimated at the announcement. And on the risk management side to Andrew's point, we've always said look, we believe that's going to be a big investment. We continue to believe it's going to be a big investment. They're well down that path. We haven't -- from a far, haven't seen anything to change our estimate for what that will take. But of course, we of course, will do whatever it takes to get there, but we have a similar view of the magnitude of what the undertaking is as we had before. I want to also just make a comment about sort of long-term opportunity. When we announced the deal, we also said that we saw potentially significant long-term strategic and economic opportunities that we did not include in our synergy estimates or the deal model. This would involve moving even more of our business onto the Discover network than what we put into the deal model. The path to get there is to build international acceptance of the Discover Network and to enhance and elevate the Discover global network brand. And the more we thought about that, we believe that brand investment is better made as the international acceptance gets to, I'd say, the good place. But as it gets to an even better place, that's probably more when we would lean into really building the sort of global network brand. Like many investments we've made over the years, we believe that these investments are longer term in nature and will generate significant benefits that will grow and accumulate over time. So what we're saying here is we had a deal model for very kind of close in benefits that we saw and the associated costs, and that's very much what we see. And then additionally, we are excited about longer-term possibilities that will take some -- that's a longer-term quest, that's investments over and a more extended period of time with benefits that would transcend things that we put into the deal model.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Mihir Bhatia : Hi congrats and thank you for taking my question. Just wanted to talk a little bit about just the uncertain macro. Maybe, Rich, it's been a while since we've had what you would call maybe a normal recession. Obviously, we had COVID a few years back. But I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about just the recession resiliency at Capital One, maybe some of the factors or some of the levers that you can pull if you start seeing the macro deteriorate? And just how is it different now than the last time between 10, 15 years since we had one. So just how is Capital One different between the mix changing as you leaned into higher spending improvements in technology. Just how is Capital One different from a recession resilience point of view?
Richard Fairbank : Thank you, Mihir. So it's interesting you use the word normal recession. And of course, I smile as I say that because you're right, certainly COVID, it's hard to learn much if anything in COVID. Well, given that, by the way credit exploded to the best place it's ever been. We'll start with that anomaly. But, of course, our whole business model works backwards from resilience. That's what it's all about. And every underwriting decision, we underwrite to something quite a bit more stressed than the current environment. So we look in the rearview mirror to see results, and then we stress it in every underwriting decision that we make. We, of course, I think the whole stress testing exercise that the Fed has led has really, I think, to help push all institutions to get more rigorous in their modeling in that. And we put a lot of energy into that, but I tip my hat to the -- I think some of the resilience modeling that all banks are encouraged to do. And so one needs significant buffers on the capital side buffers in terms of margins and then buffers in terms of flexibility as well. So one of the real benefits of having a credit card business well, one of the sort of striking things about a credit card business in a, let's call it, a normal recession, Mihir, is that spending tends to -- and consumers tend to pull back. And so you actually get some relief on the balance sheet side. The Fed does not model it that way because they insist that companies continue to lean in and crank up the growth even though empirically, we have never done that in recessions and so on. So you've got the flexibility with respect to the -- there's balance sheet flexibility. The marketing, of course, we have a very big marketing budget. There's recession flexibility there. I would note that some of our marketing investments, things like lounges, some of the investments at the top of the market are a little more fixed in nature than one might just think about because you can -- when you're sending out solicitations, you can just stop doing that or do a lot less of it. So there is flexibility on the marketing side. As a percent of the entire marketing budget is probably a little less sort of instantly flexible than it once was, but you have that as well. There are levers within the business on product structures and so on that are additional flexibility. One thing I would point out in the last “normal recession”, which Capital One, I think, had a pretty great performance during, I would point out for all of us card players we had a majority of our balance sheet of our card balance sheet with -- our card assets were off balance sheet. And so next time around, we won't have some of the benefits that we had in terms the balance sheet pressures there. We're under CECL, of course, as well. But if I pull way up on this, your question goes near and dear to what we talk about every day to take our business model, distress it as we underwrite it, to stress it as we manage it, every choice that we make. And I think that paradoxically, the unsecured credit card business. I think, has really great resilience to it. And I say paradoxically, because people love to have assets that are collateral. But if you look at most of the bad things that have happened in the world of banking, they happened that the collateral has a collapse in value. And so the business becomes a lot more unsecured than one thing. The reality of the card business, it is unsecured to start with. And we underwrite it in full knowledge of that and build in the buffers and flexibility to be resilient when really bad times come.
Jeff Norris: Rich, just in the spirit of what's different this time than the last time maybe a word about we're in a really different place in the technology world and the capabilities that, that gives us to sort of look at way more data and way more algorithms in our underwriting and fine-tune things around the edges. That's also a big change.
Richard Fairbank : Well, the ability we can certainly move quite a bit faster than ever before. It's one thing to decide on credit policy changes. It's another thing for any company to be able to implement it right away. So with the ability to move quickly the ability to gather data at an incredibly granular level across so many different slices of the business is very valuable. The ability to leverage machine learning and AI to diagnostically help us see variances and aberrations that might take humans some precious months to sort of identify. So I think that one of the big benefits of our tech transformation is the ability to have way better granularity and monitoring. And the monitoring has the opportunity to be full file real-time and diagnostic in its nature, and these things can really help when the economy turns.
Jeff Norris: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Don Fandetti : Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the auto lending business. in terms of how you're thinking about loan growth. You've got a lot of different dynamics like tariffs going on. Are you still leaning in? And do you think that there will be the demand to support that growth?
Richard Fairbank : So well, we feel certainly great about the auto business. You've seen the delinquency and loss performance in the auto business, and it's really quite striking how strong it is. Our auto credit performance consistently strong, as a result of the proactive choices we made over the past years where we trimmed around the edges, in card, we trimmed around the edges. But in auto, we did even more -- we pulled back sharply in '22 and 2023 in response to the combination of margin pressure, normalizing credit and inflated vehicle values. But that's put us in a really strong position now with respect to the auto credit performance that you see. Now from a growth point of view, over the past year, we've leaned into the growth to take advantage of the opportunities that we see in the market. You've seen our origination volumes. I think they were like 22% higher on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter, and outstandings have now finally moved and were up, I think, 5% year-over-year. We have invested very heavily in technology in the auto business, both in terms of credit underwriting, but also in terms of building our Navigator platform to allow customers and dealers to use the platform to help for a customer to be able to see what the financing on any vehicle on -- in any lots in America and a fraction of a second, what the financing for that individual would be. And so from a customer point of view and then a dealer point of view in terms of helping the customer get to the right place with their financing. This platform has also been beneficial with respect to generating good volumes and helping customers both consumers and the dealers. So we have a lot of momentum in the business. So now you ask about tariffs. Certainly, I think if tariffs are -- if the tariff wars sort of really continue on, the auto business is I think might be really quite impacted because the immediate effect would be an almost certain increase in vehicle prices. And that would have sort of mixed effects on auto credit. But with production costs rising, supply chain costs rising, you could just really end up with vehicle value disruption in the business. And then we kind of say, well, how would higher vehicle prices, what would be the impact on our auto business, it would actually support the credit performance of our back book by improving equity positions for borrowers and increasing the recovery rates, but for new originations, higher vehicle prices would be a headwind both in terms of consumer demand and in terms of credit. And just one other thing to just keep in mind, keep in mind whenever there is tariffs that might gyrate quite a bit. even in the case where tariffs are abruptly removed at some point, you can see vehicle values drop abruptly, which can sort of adversely affect credit in a business like this one. So basically pulling way up, we feel great about our auto business, great about the position we're in and the traction that we're getting. We feel good about the consumer right now. And so we are still leaning in, but it's with a very watchful eye with respect to this uncertain economy.
Jeff Norris: Next, question. Please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research Securities. You may procced.
Bill Carcache : Rich and Andrew. Following up on your expense commentary and the choices you're making. Do you think, Rich, may be necessary to adjust your investment priorities as you continue to build out your various businesses while now also allocating capital to the build-out of the network business. And if you could speak more broadly to how focused you are on managing expenses for the revenue environment and generating positive operating leverage along the way as you make these investments?
Richard Fairbank : Thanks so much, Bill. We've been focused on operating efficiency improvement for years, as you know. And we'd like to go back to 2013 because that's when we began our technology transformation and started really leaning into investments in technology from that point all the way to today. Over that time, we've driven about 700 basis points of improvement even as we've continued to make significant investments in technology and this improvement was driven by significant revenue growth powered by marketing and credit breakthroughs enabled by the technology transformation as well as expense efficiency from process automation, analog cost savings and reduction in legacy tech vendor costs. So it is not an accident that operating efficiency ratio improvements and significant tech investments have been traveling companions. And that's because technology investments and efficiency improvement are on a shared path as modern technology is the engine of sustained revenue growth and digital productivity gains. Now 2023 and 2024 witnessed quite a big improvement in the efficiency ratio. I do want to point out that with the late fee risk hanging over the last couple of years. There was some deferral of investments. So with that risk effectively off the table, there is a little catch up there that you see in our numbers now. But our story on efficiency continues to be the same. And we continue to have our eyes very focused on the longer-term where operating efficiency continues to be an important way that we generate returns. To your point about priorities, it is not lost on us that we have a lot of opportunities that we are blessed with. We have all the opportunities that come from moving up the tech stack and the more we move up the tech stack, the more there are sort of direct benefits to the business in the form of better customer experiences, more opportunities, better leveraging of data to create marketing and credit opportunities and things like that. And we have the Discover deal. And I've talked many times about there is the sort of immediate opportunity that we capture in our deal model. But then there is the longer-term opportunity that comes from really investing in the network, especially internationally, investing in the brand. And then really being able to put more business on the network. So in that environment, we spend a lot of time on prioritization and it's a good problem to have as many opportunities as we do. But to the point of your question, we very much keep our big picture in mind and the measuring stick associated with our journey and a very important one of those is our efficiency journey. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hecht with Jefferies. You may proceed.
John Hecht : Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess my question is around marketing synergies. On one hand, it seems that the amount of media advertising maybe the physical mailings to the commerce, I mean 1 plus 1 is not going to equal 2, I think, with those endeavors. On the other hand, Rich, I think you're interested in really focusing on continued brand development, particularly on the global network. So how do we think about the kind of puts and takes of the opportunities for synergies versus the desire to spend and invest in the brand.
Richard Fairbank : So Discover. And are you referring to the Discover brand, the Capital One brand, are you referring to both there as your particularly a Discover Point and the synergies associated with Discover?
John Hecht : Correct.
Richard Fairbank : Yes. So it's a real blessing to have the opportunity in this acquisition to bring on board with a rare, well-recognized very strong brand. And so we now have two companies with very strong brands. So what we plan to do is we plan to continue, of course, I shouldn't say, of course, because all of this, we've done a lot of thinking about, but we are very, in our views that the Discover Branded is absolutely the right brand for the network and we will continue to invest in that brand and especially build the credibility and the capabilities globally with respect to the brand. We will also continue the Discover brand on the credit card side. It will be more of a really powerful product brand. Obviously, it's not going to be a corporation brand anymore, but we intend to have it as a strong product brand, and it goes back to what I think is the collective -- the combination of the business model they've created that has generated such amazing results over the year, which the brand plays an important role there. So we will continue to invest in that. Now there are some savings around the edges that we can do in our collective marketing campaigns, I am sure. So there's some benefit there. And I want to make one other comment about investing in the network brand. That is something that we don't plan to come roaring out of this acquisition on national TV. We’re really leaning into the network brand. What we much more plan to do is -- we believe that the synergies and the whole moves that we have talked about at the time we announced our deal of moving our entire debit business and a portion of our credit card business onto the network. We believe that can be done within the context of the current brand and the acceptance and the capabilities that Discover has built so skillfully. What we need to do in order to generate longer-term opportunity is to build the acceptance internationally up to a sort of you know it when you see it point when it's the right time to lean into brand development of a global brand, a global acceptance and so that -- in terms of the brand spend there, that's more of a delayed thing. It is something that we certainly plan to lean into overtime, but that would come as we see it today, that would come sort of after we have gotten the international acceptance to sort of when you see a point that it's ready to really take this story on TV.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. You may proceed.
Erika Najarian: Good evening. Just two quick follow-up questions. First is for you, Andrew. I'm just going all the way back to Ryan's question on ACL. Is there any way to have a neat answer on what the weighted average unemployment rate would be if we took into account the heavier weighting on the downside scenario. And as we look forward for Capital One stand-alone. How should we think about the ACL ratio given improved credit performance relative to the heightened macro uncertainty? And I did have a follow-up.
Andrew Young : Yes. In terms of the weighted edge, Erica, our process is one where we take the baseline and then apply various considerations to the downside scenario and uncertainties. So it's not a formulaic multiple scenarios with multiple probabilities that allow us to give you a weighted average a leverage number, which is why we kind of give the qualitative description there. And then in terms of how we think about things looking ahead with the allowance, look, if we continue to see near-term favorability in our credit performance, that's going to bring down coverage all else equal over time, if we see a meaningful worsening in economic outlooks or changes in consumer credit behavior from what we see today that could put upward pressure on our coverage and just given the heightened uncertainty in which we're living at this point, I don't want to try to project where that's going to land a quarter from now until we'll go through our full process at the end of -- in the second quarter, and we'll see where the allowance ultimately lands.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just my follow-up question. implicit in your response to John Pancari's question, are you also affirming the purchase accounting assumptions from February of 2024? And just confirming that there any adjustments to be made given the heightened uncertainty to the Discover portfolio in terms of credit going forward, it would be on the day 2 provision, of course, not the purchase credit impaired mark.
Andrew Young : Right. Well, we're going to segment their portfolio for PCD and non-PCD and part of that, obviously, it would run through the balance sheet and part of that would run through the P&L on day 2. With respect to affirming balance sheet marks, I'll explicitly not affirm the balance sheet marks given that rates and credit and the stock price and a number of other variables have moved. And so we need to get to day 1 and do all of our analysis on those marks, and we'll provide the relevant updates at the appropriate time after we get to a close.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Foran with Truist. You may proceed.
Brian Foran : Hi, I had one on spend and one on the network. On spend, in prior quarters, you've given us the high end versus low end kind of updating commentary. I just wonder if you could give us that and maybe specifically on the tariff reaction, any differences you are observing in high end versus low end? Or is it about the same?
Richard Fairbank : So Brian, the relative to the tariffs and any early impact that we have seen. We have not seen that a big difference between high end versus low end there. Again, these are very early observations. Spend has generally has picked up a little bit in the last week or two, whether that is a pull forward or whether that's some other effect remains to be seen, but we haven't seen a striking difference on where on the spectrum that falls.
Brian Foran : And then on the network, and I apologize, I feel like I'm going to oversimplify this and ask this in a dumb way, but when I talk to people, I mean, I think everyone sees the value of a globally competitive network. We can just look at the multiples Visa Mastercard at. It also seems like a very long and expensive journey. I'm just trying to unpack what you're signaling. Is it incrementally each year investing in the network? Or is it like, and again, I know I'm simplifying this, I'm not trying to put words in your mouth, but like is there some signaling that like, hey, guys, we might reset the expense outlook to take on Visa Mastercard full stop?
Richard Fairbank : Yes. So Well, I'm glad you asked that question. We aren't on a quest to replicate Visa and MasterCard's model. It's an extraordinary model they have and on behalf of all the banks in the United States almost all of them. They are the intermediary between all the banks and the merchants, and of course, they get paid on a few basis points here and there, times the trillions of dollars of transactions. It's an amazing business model. By the way, just with respect to that, it is the case that Discover does have on the debit side, they are a network provider for several thousand banks. So I don't want to diminish that particular business model, it's a great thing. It came from their acquisition in 2005 of the Pulse network. And it's a very nice business model, and we would love to grow that. So I do think that being a network for other financial institutions will be part of the business model over the years. That like most other things, the road to significantly change the game there, probably, again, goes through that same path of building greater global network acceptance and the brand credibility sort of for the network that goes along with that. But anyway -- but the biggest opportunity for Capital One beyond the sort of the direct opportunity that we identified with the amount of volume that we moved is to be able to put more of our volume on the network. And it is our view that as we look to do more of that, we, -- again those roads lead to because lots of people -- so many of our customers our international travelers. And again, it did discover for a company of their size, I marvel at what they've built globally. Now in the United States, it's virtually -- it's basically accepted everywhere in the United States. Internationally, no one is accepted everywhere, but they've gotten a great head start on that, but we believe that in order to really capitalize on the network and to give the network the scale that in this profoundly scale-driven business, the scale that would really help it and sort of getting the flywheel of scale in this network effect business, all roads lead through building more international acceptance and then really leaning into the global brand associated with that network. But as we look at it, the primary payoff of that would be just putting more volume on the business in a very scale-driven business. And then over time, we could also look at other opportunities such as being a network for other financial institutions.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Robert Wildhack with Autonomous Research. You may proceed.
Robert Wildhack: Hi guys. Rich, you've hit on the international acceptance them quite a bit this evening and there internationally, it seems like that's more of a chicken and egg problem where you have to kind of build and catalyze acceptance. I'm wondering if you could share your thoughts on the specific investments strategies or levers you might have to solve that chicken and egg problem internationally and ultimately close the acceptance gap. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank : Yes. So if you look at how any of the big networks have built their business, including how Discover has built international acceptance. It's really cobbling together a variety of solutions internationally really through partnerships. In Discovery's case, certainly, and this would be where the leverage is to partner with networks to partner with -- to go through merchant acquirers who can weigh more than one retail time, more at scale, create acceptance to partner with financial institutions, basically card issuing banks in different countries and finally, to go directly to merchants. They have gotten to their pretty striking levels of acceptance through a combination of those 4 and it's a boots on the ground, roll up your sleeves, do something, but what I'm comfortable is this is something they've already done. And it's just something that we will lean into and probably lean into it more than they were able to because of the opportunity and the price that we see on the other end of this with the combined scale that we have, to your point, it is a chicken and egg problem. And when you show up, they want to know how much volume you're bringing and as we get people. And as we sign up customers, they want to know how much acceptance we have. So it's a classic chicken and anything, but it's not starting at 0. It's starting at a pretty striking level of acceptance. They've sloped the work that they work backwards from where Americans travel. And so the playbook is there. We would lean into this playbook and then I think the opportunities also are outside of what we've sort of modeled in terms of the benefits in our deal model.
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes our Q&A session. Thank you all for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continued interest in Capital One. Have a great evening, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Capital One Q4 2024 Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Josh, and welcome, everyone. And just as a reminder, as always, we are webcasting live over the Internet and to access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website, capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth-quarter 2024 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on financials and then click on quarterly earnings release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly reports that are accessible at Capital One's website filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide three of tonight's presentation. In the fourth quarter, Capital One earned $1.1 billion or $2.67 per diluted common share. For the full year, Capital One earned $4.8 billion or $11.59 per share. Included in the results for the fourth quarter were adjusting items related to discover integration costs and a legal reserve build. Net of these adjusting items, fourth-quarter earnings per share were $3.09. Full-year adjusted earnings per share were $13.96. We also had one notable item in the quarter, which was $100 million of accelerated philanthropy contributions. Pre-provision earnings of $4.1 billion in the fourth quarter were down 13% from the third quarter, driven by higher non-interest expense. The linked quarter increase in non-interest expense was driven by increases in both operating expense and marketing spend. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 2%, driven by higher non-interest income. Provision for credit losses was $2.6 billion in the quarter, up about $160 million relative to the prior quarter. The quarterly increase in provision was driven by higher net charge-offs, partially offset by a larger allowance release. Turning to slide four, I will cover the allowance in greater detail. We released $245 million in allowance this quarter, and our allowance balance now stands at $16.3 billion. The decrease in this quarter's allowance was driven by releases in our Commercial Banking and Commercial segments. Our total portfolio coverage ratio decreased 20 basis points to 4.96%. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on slide five. The allowance balance in our domestic card business was flat. The coverage ratio declined 33 basis points, primarily driven by seasonal balances as well as favorable near-term credit trends. In our Consumer Banking segment, we released $131 million in allowance, resulting in a 22 basis point decrease to the coverage ratio. Vehicle values were stable in the quarter, resulting in an improvement -- improved recoveries outlook, which drove the release. And finally, our Commercial Banking allowance decreased by $130 million, resulting in a 15 basis point decrease to the coverage ratio. The release was primarily driven by the reduction in criticized loans and to a lesser extent by charge-offs in the quarter. Turning to page six, I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter decreased by about $8 billion to approximately $124 billion. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $43 billion, down about $6 billion from the prior quarter. The decline in cash was largely driven by seasonally higher card loans and funding maturities, which were partially offset by continued strong growth in our Consumer Banking business deposits. Our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the fourth quarter was 155%. Turning to page seven, I'll cover our net interest margin. Our fourth quarter net interest margin was 7.03%, 8 basis points lower than last quarter and 30 basis points higher than the year-ago quarter. The linked quarter decrease in NIM was primarily driven by lower asset yields, which were only partially offset by lower deposit and wholesale funding costs. Turning to slide eight, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier-1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 13.5%, 10 basis points lower than the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was more than offset by the impact of loan growth, dividends and $150 million of share repurchases. As a reminder, the announcement of the acquisition of Discover constituted a material business change. Therefore, we continue to be subject to the Federal Reserve's pre-approval of our capital actions until the merger approval process has concluded. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows fourth quarter results in our Credit Card business. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on slide 11. In the fourth quarter, our Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of steady top-line growth, strong margins, and stable credit. Year-over-year purchase volume growth for the quarter was 7%. Ending loan balances increased $8 billion or about 5% year-over-year. Average loans increased about 6% and fourth-quarter revenue was up 9% from the fourth quarter of 2023, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin for the quarter increased 55 basis points from the prior year quarter to 18.6%, largely driven by the impact of the end of the Walmart revenue sharing agreement. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 6.06%. The impact of the end of the Walmart loss-sharing agreement increased the fourth-quarter charge-off rate by roughly 40 basis points. Excluding this impact, the charge-off rate for the quarter would have been 5.66%, up 31 basis points year-over-year. And after 20 consecutive months of second derivative improvement, the 30-plus delinquency rate crossed into actual year-over-year improvement. The 30-plus delinquency rate at the end of December was 4.53%, down 8 basis points from the prior year. As a reminder, the end of the Walmart loss-sharing agreement did not have a meaningful impact on delinquency rate. On a sequential-quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 45 basis points. The 30-plus delinquency rate was flat compared to the linked quarter. Domestic Card non-interest expense was up 13% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. Operating expense and marketing both increased year-over-year. Total company marketing expense in the quarter was $1.4 billion, up 10% year-over-year. Our choices in Domestic Card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see compelling growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the Domestic Card business. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, Domestic Card marketing in the quarter included higher media spend and increased investment in premium benefits and differentiated customer experiences like our travel portal, airport lounges, and Capital One Shopping. Slide 12 shows fourth-quarter results in our Consumer Banking business. Auto originations were up 53% from the prior-year quarter. A portion of this growth can be attributed to overall market growth, while the remainder is the result of our strong position to pursue resilient growth in the current marketplace. As a reminder, our choices to tighten credit and pull back in anticipation of credit score inflation and declining vehicle values were still in effect in the fourth quarter of 2023, resulting in relatively low originations. These choices also drove out really basically they drove strong and stable credit performance that positioned us to lean into current marketplace opportunities and return to originations growth in 2024. With four consecutive quarters of origination growth in 2024, Consumer Banking loan balances returned to growth in the fourth quarter. Ending loans increased $2.7 billion or about 4% year-over-year and average loans were up 1%. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were up 2% and average loans were up 1%. Compared to the year-ago quarter, ending consumer deposits grew about 7% and average consumer deposits were up about 8%. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was up about 1% year-over-year. Growth in loans and deposits was partially offset by a higher year-over-year average deposit interest rate. Non-interest expense was up about 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2023, driven largely by the unique fourth-quarter items Andrew discussed, as well as increased auto originations and continued technology investments. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.32%, up 13 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 5.95%, down 39 basis points year-over-year, largely as a result of our choice to tighten credit and pull back in 2022, auto charge-offs have been strong and stable on a seasonally adjusted basis. Slide 13 shows fourth-quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, ending loan balances were essentially flat. Average loans were down about 1%. Both ending and average deposits were up about 4% from the linked quarter. Fourth-quarter revenue was up 7% from the linked quarter and non-interest expense was up by about 5%. The Commercial Banking annualized net charge-off rate for the fourth quarter increased 4 basis points from the sequential quarter to 0.26%. The commercial criticized performing loan rate was 6.35%, down 131 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate decreased 16 basis points to 1.39%. In closing, we continued to post strong and steady results in the fourth quarter. We delivered another quarter of top-line growth in Domestic Card loans, purchase volume and revenue. In the Auto business, we posted growth in originations for the fourth consecutive quarter and the return to year-over-year growth in loan balances and consumer credit trends remained stable. Our full-year operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments was 42.35%, consistent with our guidance of the low 42s, even after incurring $100 million in accelerated philanthropy contributions. And turning to the Discover acquisition. The shareholder votes are scheduled for February 18th, and we continue to work closely with the Federal Reserve, the OCC and the Department of Justice as our applications continue to work their way through the regulatory approval process. We remain well-positioned to complete the acquisition early in 2025, subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. Pulling way up, the acquisition of Discover is a singular opportunity. It will create a consumer banking and global payments platform with unique capabilities, modern technology, powerful brands, and a franchise of more than 100 million customers. It delivers compelling financial results and offers the potential to enhance competition and create significant value for merchants and customers. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. Remember, as a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. And if you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Josh, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good afternoon, everyone.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Ryan.
Andrew Young: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: So Rich, delinquencies have been in line or better for nine straight months losses, and you talked about delinquencies now being down on a year-over-year basis and losses have sort of followed suit, but at a little bit of a slower pace. And you've outlined a lot of the reasons, deferred charge-offs, the press recoveries. But when you think about credit from here, just broadly, what are you seeing from the consumer and how are you thinking about loss performance as well as any other factors that could be impacting losses? And do you think we're on a downward trajectory from here? Thank you. And I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: All right. Thank you, Ryan. So let me start by just talking about the health of the consumer and then maybe I'll turn and talk about the credit performance at Capital One. So the US consumer continues to be a source of strength in the overall economy. The labor market remains strong and we saw signs of softening in the first-half of 2024, but in the second-half of the year, the unemployment rate has been stable and job creation data has shown renewed strength. Incomes are growing steadily in real terms as inflation settles out a bit. Consumer debt servicing burdens are stable near pre-pandemic levels. Consumers have higher bank account balances than before the pandemic. Now, of course, the circumstances of individual consumers and households are highly variable and so talking in averages doesn't always fully cover what's going on. We do see some pockets, as I've been saying for some time now -- we do see some pockets of pressure related to the cumulative effects of inflation and elevated interest rates among consumers whose incomes have not kept up with inflation or who have high debt servicing burdens. And of course, there's still some inflation pressure and longer-term interest rates strikingly have increased since the Fed started lowering rates in September. So we do see a bit of a disconnect between the average consumer and the folks closer to the margin. And you can see that, for example, in payment rates in our Card business. On the one hand, card payment rates remain on average meaningfully above pre-pandemic levels. And this is true overall and within each of our major customer segments. On the other hand, the proportion of customers making just the minimum payment is also running somewhat above pre-pandemic levels, which is consistent with our card delinquencies running above pre-pandemic levels. Now, I should add that we're seeing this minimum payment effect across the credit spectrum. I'm not making a point here about the low end of the market or even about subprime. In fact, if anything, the lower end appears to be doing relatively better at the moment. So just pulling up, I believe we're almost certainly still seeing some pandemic-related effects like delayed charge-offs from the period of unprecedented stimulus and forbearance in 2020 and 2021 and 2022, this effect is impossible to isolate, but we can infer it from our own credit trends and industry credit trends over the past several years. But sort of pulling up on the consumer. I think consumers are in good shape compared to most historical benchmarks. There are -- as we've been saying for some time, there are pockets of pressure that have to work their way through before levels can get down -- credit loss levels can get down to sort of pre-pandemic levels. But I think the consumer story is very consistent with what I've been saying for a number of quarters and it is very solid. So let me turn to Capital One Credit. Over the course of 2024, our card delinquencies have moved in line with normal seasonality with losses following about a quarter behind. Now as a reminder, earlier this year, we flagged that changes in the level and timing of tax refunds due to tax law changes were probably changing seasonal credit patterns in our Card business. We derived new seasonality benchmarks for card delinquencies based on post-pandemic performance. And those benchmarks have less amplitude in both directions than in the past. So we've now had a full year to look at what we were hypothesizing as the new seasonality benchmark and as we now look at the whole year, this experience is very confirmatory and we very much sort of believe that we've got the benchmark right. And when we first saw delinquencies settling out, it is clear that for -- really for the whole year now, we've been calling stabilization. We've not been declaring a peak or declaring that credit would improve from here, but we can now look at the whole year and see a really nice stabilization. In the fourth quarter, and again, you saw this in the monthly -- the month we just reported. We saw our delinquencies improve on a seasonally adjusted basis in the quarter for the first time since normalization began. And they ended the year slightly lower on a year-over-year basis. So that's certainly an encouraging sign. Looking ahead, we're not giving guidance on future credit, but over time, there are a number of forces that play out. Our recoveries inventory will continue to rebuild and that should be a gradual tailwind to our losses over time, all else equal. Still, high interest rates will probably remain a source of pressure for some consumers, especially those with higher debt servicing burdens. And there still is, we believe, the phenomenon of delayed charge-offs and of course, this effect is hard to measure and certainly hard to forecast. But over time, it should play through, but how long it plays out, that's just something that is just a matter of speculation. I think we will eventually get back to the place where traditional labor market indicators are the main drivers of change in Consumer Credit. But that will still take some time. And finally, as we move into the new year, we'll keep an eye on the level and timing of tax refunds since we know these can materially affect seasonal movements in card credit.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Thanks for the color. If I can throw in one high-level follow-up. So Rich, efficiency improvement has been a hallmark of Capital One for the last seven or eight years, ex a small period during COVID. You recently talked about investments you wanted to make in the network once the deal hopefully closes at some point in the first quarter? I guess the question is, do you expect to continue to be on an efficiency journey, fully recognizing that the cost saves obviously make it easier, but just curious how you're thinking about efficiency for the consolidated company over the medium term, fully recognizing that there's going to be a lot of noise in the results?
Richard Fairbank: So we look-forward to the completion of our deal and actually really getting inside the financials and the performance and all the details of the business. The businesses at this rather remarkable company Discover. But as we've talked about, when we look still from the outside, we see just a great opportunity there. And of course, we have said there are three areas that are going to need in continued investment when we think about virtually anything that all the strategic upside of this Discover deal, it's sort of all roads lead through three areas, kind of obvious areas of continued investment. And the first, of course, is compliance and risk management. And Discover has really been leaning into that and we, of course, are doing everything we can to prepare to continue to lean into that and we'll do whatever it takes on that front. Obviously, that's an investment. The second is we -- is network acceptance. We've talked about how struck we are and how struck we were to find out and confirm just how good the acceptance is in the United States for Discover. You can see, in fact, they've been putting some ads on TV sort of touting that and it's a very good story. And internationally, they've been investing there and focusing on where their customers travel and they've made a lot of progress there. When we look at our customer base at Capital One and where we would love to be over time in terms of being in a position to add more-and-more volume onto the Discover network, we think an incredibly important objective is to increase the depth and breadth of acceptance internationally, sloping the work, of course, working backwards where -- from where our customers and Discovers travel. So that -- that's going to be a multiyear thing that -- that's a very important strategic imperative, I think, for us. And then the third one will be building the network brand. We plan to keep the name Discover for the network. We think it's a great brand. And we're really happy with the underlying reality of where acceptance is. We know there are challenges in terms of consumer perception relative to those realities and we know also we need to, in fact, build the international reality and then the brand perception that follows that. So those are the three strategic -- the kind of obvious and strategic investment areas that we've been identifying really since the start of the deal. And back to your question about what do we think -- how do you think -- how do we think that fits in relative to efficiency ratio? We, of course, on the Capital One side have had a long -- decade-long journey of continuing to improve operating efficiency ratio and it's striking that improvement has come even as we have continued to really ramp up investment in technology. Now the way that paradox works is the technology is -- we're also investing more in technology and at the same time, getting all the benefits on the efficiency side, both in terms of growth and in terms of costs that come from such an investment in technology. So the engine that drives operating efficiency ratio strategically will continue at Capital One and it should continue it with the combined institution as well. Now then you ask, will the big three investment areas that we talk about, what will that do to operating? I think the -- we always at Capital One have strategic imperatives that we're investing in. I think the overall picture of how Capital One's tech journey helps pay -- one of the important ways investors get paid is through operating efficiency improvement. I think that story to me stays strategically intact even as we have new investment areas because we'll also have new areas to capture synergy and growth opportunities and things that really wouldn't have been possible for either of our companies alone. So thanks for the question. Operating efficiency is a really important way that we create value for investors. And in the long run, we continue to really see increased opportunities there.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you.
Ryan Nash: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry Ma with Barclays. You may proceed.
Terry Ma: Hi, thank you. Good evening. I wanted to follow-up on Credit first. It seems the trend that we've seen for the second derivative suggests there's room for that to continue to go lower. Is there some sort of framework to think about how much lower DQs can go -- can trend going forward? And is there anything in the near term that can cause the second derivative to inflect higher again? And I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: So Terry, yes, so thank you for the question. Obviously, well, since the founding of the company, we've always had our microscopes out looking at delinquencies because they're the single best predictor of credit of all the metrics. There are many metrics we watch, but that certainly is at the top of the list. And it is, I think, a really important -- it's certainly a gratifying milestone to where finally the second derivative cross the horizontal axis effectively and we'd certainly note that milestone. The first thing I would say about as we all get our microscopes out to look at trends on a monthly basis is to just talk about seasonality itself. And we don't publish a seasonality curve per se because there's no precise benchmark with which to do it, but we certainly like to guide our investors about how we think about that. Seasonality for Capital One has tended to have more amplitude up and down over the course of the year than most other card players. And one might ask, why is that? We believe that the biggest driver of seasonality, while there are several, the biggest driver of seasonality is tax refunds. And since we have a larger subprime book than most other players who really don't do subprime, those customers do tend to have higher seasonality in their credit performance than folks higher upmarket. So I think that's why Capital One has a greater seasonality effect. And for these customers in particular, tax refunds certainly in terms of the monthly flow of cash can end up creating something very nice that comes seasonally and some of that makes its way into payments. Now the changes in the tax withholding rules a few years ago led to fewer tax refunds and lower average refund payments. And the IRS was also paying certain refunds later than before. So that created a lot of noise, as I've been saying on recent calls. You'd think it would be easy to reestablish a seasonality curve, but while credit was normalizing so dramatically, it was sometimes swamping the seasonality effect. But we created sort of this detrended seasonal curve from 2023 to the best we could and that turned out to really be right on for 2024. If I were to pull up and kind of summarize what we saw in 2024. 2024 settled out with fewer refunds paid than before the pandemic and about 25% lower total refund volume in real terms. Delinquencies moved with our new post-pandemic seasonality benchmarks, which have similar timing, but if I were to summarize what this new curve versus the one we've had for many years, it appears to have about 35% to 40% less amplitude in both directions than in the past. By the way, just a note for a second on, auto, all of this also happens in auto seasonality, but in an even faster and more concentrated way. We tend to see auto delinquencies at their seasonal low in Q1 and losses in Q2. And this year that seasonal improvement was delayed a bit. So that's the backdrop for now talking about the credit performance that we see. If you start, Terry, with the sort of foundation that the consumer is in very good shape. The economy is in quite good shape overall, you know one would certainly feel there's sort of a gravitational pull toward even better credit in the business that is helped by the math associated with recoveries that our recoveries rate has been very constant, but the recovery inventory that we have had to collect on, it got very small in -- during the pandemic and that has been replenishing and so there's sort of a good guy gradually coming as recoveries fully restore. And then that really gets us to whatever effects there are of inflation, whatever effects there are on the consumers on the tails that are not in as good shape as sort of the averages that we all look at. And that's -- and what we see there is probably the way actually that the delayed charge-offs are actually playing out. They're probably playing out exactly through these consumers on the tail that are not -- they're still struggling at the margin. So the credit metrics are looking great. We have more solid benchmarks, Terry. The consumer is in a great place. But I think the sort of bigger picture phenomenon of delayed charge-offs that still has intuitively to play out and sort of these effects going on at the tail puts us in a position not to be declaring that things are headed down from here, but it's certainly positive indicators that we see at the margin.
Terry Ma: Got it. That's helpful. Maybe just to talk about the auto business. You called out the loan book return to growth this quarter. Should we expect you to lean into that and see loan growth accelerate? And maybe can you just talk about the overall profitability of the loans you're booking today versus what you've seen historically? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So we feel very good about the auto business. You know, the credit performance is really striking and in fact, let's just savor something that is I think an outlier relative to the industry. But our auto delinquencies have remained consistently below pre-pandemic levels and they've been lower on a year-over-year basis for the past two quarters. And so the auto business is -- when you -- there are many similar things about our card business and the auto business, but if you were to compare the two, the degree with which we sort of intervened in the business and trimmed credit around the edges, it might have been even more dramatic than the term around the edges, what we did in the auto business over the last over the last few years when we were worried about margin pressures in the business as prices were not being sort of past -- inflation pressures were not being passed through. So there were margin pressures, there were declining vehicle values and there was inflation of credit scores. So all of that led us to pull backend each of those have sort of -- have been resolving themselves. You asked about margins, the margins are sort of much more sort of normal in the business right now. The grade inflation on credit scores is resolving itself as credit normalizes. Vehicle values we'll have to continue to keep an eye on those. But pulling way up on the shoulders of a lot of the changes that we have made and the technology that we have massively invested in this business in underwriting and in originations and in our auto navigator platform, all of those put us in a position to feel bullish about leaning into auto. And I think we -- all the trends that we see on margins, credit and competition, we feel good about and that lines up to a story of leaning in on the auto business.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rick Shane with J.P. Morgan. You may proceed.
Rick Shane: Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Rich, you did a great job laying out the factors that have caused the historical relationship between labor and credit to weaken. And one of the factors you mentioned was the impact of rates. And that makes sense credit cards are one of the two largest classes of floating rate consumer debt. As we think about reversion to historical norms, should we expect charge-off rates to be structurally higher as long as interest rates are structurally higher or is it possible to get back to historic loss rates in a high interest rate environment?
Richard Fairbank: It's a great question. It's interesting how all of us -- some of us were around doing similar things back when in -- well, Capital One, we hadn't even come up with the idea for Capital One back when inflation was really raging the last time around. So I think we would be speculating there. But I think, Rick, if we pull up and think about interest rates and their impact, we think about how higher rates as a thing affect consumer credit. So debt servicing burdens for consumers, of course, can get affected the higher rates as they work their way through consumer products gradually, but not immediately sort of make their way into higher debt burdens. So you have mortgages that tend to have fixed rates, auto loans have fixed rates. So you have time delays before interest rates make their way to more pressure on consumers, but still that effect obviously can continue. Most credit cards have variable APRs. So rising interest rates have tended to lead to somewhat higher minimum payments for consumers overall. But if we if we pull up, I think that if wages -- if things stabilize and wages tend to keep up with inflation, I would think on the Credit Card side, there's -- it is plausible that charge-off rates could be very consistent with what they've been in a lower ambient rate environment. I think it gets very challenging when they're suddenly in motion up, but if they stabilize, I'm just speculating here at a moderate level that's higher than they were for the last couple of decades. I think as wages sort of stabilize to make real incomes move the way they should, I would think that credit numbers could be very consistent with historical patterns. I think the biggest driver of why they're not right now, if I were to speculate, probably number one on my list is really the just unprecedented number of years of which charge-offs with all the government stimulus and the forbearance that so many consumers got a lifeline that those for whom that lifeline was a little more temporary in its benefit, some of those issues are still resolving themselves in terms of current charge-offs. It's always an interesting thing to just take a look at the area under the curve in credit losses for -- if we look back over the last number of years and look at where credit losses would typically have been versus where they were and you look at the area under the curve and ask yourself, well, what if all of that were delayed charge-offs? You still have a majority of that area under the curve that would still have to play out in terms of delayed charge-offs. Now we don't believe that anything close to all of the area under the curve would need to come on the other side. But I think if you know a one-sentence sound bite to me of why in such a benign environment, credit losses in businesses like credit cards are running higher than pre-pandemic. It is the delayed charge-off effect. And time should be our friend there that should resolve itself overtime. And there are a lot of positive factors behind that are putting sort of good gravitational pull in the right direction in this industry.
Richard Shane: Thank you very much, Rich.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
John Pancari: Good evening. Just on the efficiency side, just a follow-up to Ryan's line of questioning. I know you've guided to an operating efficiency ratio in the low 42% range for 2024. Does this 42% range remain the case as you look at 2025 or do you see a change to the upside or the downside off of this level? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: So, we I think the operating efficiency ratio has really been -- hopefully our investors share our excitement that this 700 basis point improvement that has happened since we began our tech transformation in 2013 has certainly been a very good guy. There are multiple things behind that, but the biggest driver is the technology transformation. And even as we invest a lot, there are also ways to create savings, savings through reduced vendor costs, the really high cost of a lot of legacy technology, the benefits on the cloud and really the ability to then on the other side of the technology transform -- transformation sort of rebuild the company and how it operates on a foundation of modern technology. And so that's a journey that continues and so we see benefits there. I do want to say though also, you have -- we've had a lot of beneficial increase in the ratio in the last couple of years. And I wouldn't want people to just draw -- take the curve and say, wow, that thing almost looks like it's accelerating down. And you no, we don't give guidance in the short term. There are a lot of things that very important investments we're making in the business. But what I like to do is really just point out that when we stand back over a longer time frame and look at the journey of Capital One, this has been a journey for which the efficiency was never the objective function. It was one of the many benefits of a tech transformation, but it's very gratifying to see that continue. But I think the extrapolation from any one year to the next is not something that we would recommend. And so -- but it's a great long-term story.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Rich. And then one -- a quick second one. I assume this will be a pretty quick answer, but would be helpful if there's any -- have you changed -- made any changes to your expected deal metrics tied to the Discover deal, either the 15% or greater of EPS accretion in [‘27] (ph) or the expense efficiencies or the timing of adding the $175 billion in purchase volume to the network? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, John. Yes, what I'll say is it's two independent public companies. We still are operating separately at this point, and there are a number of variables that have moved and will continue to move between now and legal day one. And so I'm not going to specifically comment on how any one of those variables or metrics are changing since the deal model. What I will say is we considered a wide range of outcomes across each of the line items and we continue to be comfortable with the estimates that we included in the deal model. We feel very good both strategically and financially about the deal today as we did nearly a year ago when we announced it. And so as we get to legal day one and put the marks on the balance sheet, we'll provide updates on the relevant metrics at that point.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Mihir Bhatia: Good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to start first by just talking about NIM a little bit. You called out the Walmart impact this quarter. Any other call-outs for the quarter? It just feels banks have been quite disciplined about lowering saving accounts interest rates as the Fed has reduced rates? Do you think that continues or are you starting to see some demand for deposits or deposit competition ramping as we start contemplating loan growth here into 2025? I guess just related to that, if you could just talk about some of the puts and takes on NIM in 2025 that'd be great? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Sure, Mihir. Well, let me start with just reminding everyone that the one thing for sure we know is that in the first quarter, we have two fewer days. And so that will drive a 15 basis point roughly decrease in NIM. But if I kind of pull up and think beyond day count and look at a longer term -- the longer term, a lot of the same forces that I've been describing for the last number of quarters as potential headwinds and tailwinds still exist today. So if you think about the headwinds, first of all, we're very modestly asset-sensitive. And so you'd see a small decrease in NIM if rates continue to decrease and you saw a little bit of that effect here in this quarter. And the other one, you bring up deposit beta, of course, in our rate risk modeling, we make assumptions around deposit betas. So to the extent that betas are lower or slower on the way down, we would be a little bit more asset-sensitive in that scenario. So those could be headwinds. But on the tailwind side, the steepening yield curve relative to forwards would be a good guy if that persists. But then probably the single biggest factor and we've seen this play out over the last number of quarters is the card growth and card becoming a bigger percentage of our balance sheet, all else equal is a pretty meaningful tailwind to NIM. So those are really the forces at play that I would highlight for you.
Mihir Bhatia: Got it. Thank you. And then maybe just turning quickly to capital return. You've been doing $150 million in buybacks last few quarters. Your CET1 is up to 13.5%. We understand with the deal, you have to get approval right for any capital actions. But the question is -- two-part question there is, A, is that approval keeping you a little conservative right now? And two, once the deal is approved, should we assume you'd be pretty aggressive in getting that down or would it probably fair to assume it stays elevated for a little bit even post deal as you get through the integration?
Andrew Young: Yes. I'll wrap my answer to both of those questions into one for you, Mihir. First of all, just go without saying, but I will say it too, which is we clearly recognize that over the longer term capital return is a key component of shareholder value creation. And you've seen in prior periods, we've executed substantial share repurchases. But in the near term, our pending deal is certainly influencing our approach to capital in a few ways. As you said, we're still under regulatory pre-approval rules for each of our capital actions. And then second, we will need to run our own bottoms-up analysis as a combined company to just assess our view of the combined capital need and we continue to be two separate companies and therefore, don't have the ability to do that analysis until after close. And then third, we will need the Fed's approval to go back to operating under the SEB framework. So if I pull up from there, and put all of those together, I think it's likely we're going to stay at a slower repurchase pace until we resolve these factors, but after that, we'll have more flexibility.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research Securities. You may proceed.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich and Andrew. It was good to hear all the references to the Capital One Arena around the inauguration. I wanted to ask about your ability to better compete against the big banks in debit, assuming the Discover transaction closes as you expect? We know debit rewards for Visa, Mastercard issuers essentially went away after the force reduction in interchange under Dodd-Frank, but would reintroducing debit rewards be something that you'd consider given the greater flexibility that owning the Discover Network will afford you?
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Bill. So obviously, a really key part of the deal is our excitement about getting the network and being able to add such a key dimension in vertically integrating our business. And we talk so much about credit cards all the time, the debit business is a really important one. And on little cat feet, Capital One has really been investing in our national banking business. So -- and by the way, having our own network will be valuable there and we'll be able to enjoy the vertically integrated economics of owning a network and the scale that comes of course from pulling Discover and a bunch of Capital One's volume together. Now, I just want to pull back and just talk a little bit about Capital One's Consumer Banking strategy, and therefore and debit is of course, right in the transaction business right at the heart of that. If you pull way up and think about consumer banking way back to when banks began, you had banks with branches on every corner. And then in the last 15 or 20 years, there have been the evolution of direct banks and they have been savings only, offering higher rates and they have no physical distribution whatsoever. And we, of course, also through our acquisitions, have acquired several banks with branches on every corner. And we also acquired the nation's largest direct bank, and I announced at the time of that acquisition, this is a great financial trade, but it is also a strategic game-changer for Capital One. That was back like 12 years ago. So since then, we have been very steadily, systematically, relentlessly and patiently if I could put so many adjectives on -- adverbs on that, pursuing a business model that actually doesn't really exist right now because we have those two endpoints. But what we're really trying to do is build, in a sense the Bank of the future. And we believe that Bank of the Future is not just a direct bank, it's also not a bank with a branch on every corner, it is a bank with thin physical distribution. For us, we've got branches, but then also in major metropolitan areas, we have put in cafes that are really basically less about coffee, but really more about being sort of a hybrid of a branch and a showroom for Capital One and a place people can go and understand Capital One is there to help them and get a sense for really what this company is about and how it may be able to help them live their life more effectively. So as we've been -- so this strategy has been about, if we work backwards from what we believe is the bank of the future. From a distribution point of view, that's thin physical distribution and highlighted by these Cafe showrooms it also -- a very central part of that is digital capabilities that enable something that's a very, very difficult thing to do, which is to take just about everything that can be done in a branch and make it available digitally. Now there are some things like safe deposit boxes we haven't figured out how to create a digital safe deposit box for your valuables. And there are a few things that just you can't get there on a digital basis. But what's -- but as we've looked at this, we said just pretty much virtually all the activities that people go to branches for, we want to be able to deliver to them through our thin physical distribution plus massive full-service digital capability. And that's what we've been building over these years. Additionally, it requires -- in order to generate business, we need great products and we've been the only major bank out there with no fees, no minimums, and even a recent move of no overdraft fees, and those better deals come from having built the -- in a sense superior economics that come from this sort of physical distribution light model. Now then you asked the question, so what will be our debit card strategy? We haven't completed the deal. We haven't fully gone in on the other side of exactly seeing, how things are working on the Discover side. But we are very pleased with the results that we're having with our current strategy, including our current debit card strategy. And we are investing heavily to continue to grow that business. You look at the significant increase in marketing over the years. One of the drivers of this is that Capital One is building a National bank organically and without a lot of physical distribution and to get there, it takes a lot of marketing. So I think the best way to think about it is Discover gives a shot in the arm and a boost to a strategy we've been pursuing for more than a decade and the best way to think about it, I think is picture just more of the same from Capital One with a little bit of an accelerator.
Bill Carcache: I appreciate all the details, Rich. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Rich, you talked about better growth in Auto and Card, you talked about the high-end cards. Talk about the non-prime businesses in both card and auto, given the improved credit, how you're thinking about growth in those businesses in the coming quarters?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, the word that I would use at the lower -- and the sort of lower end of the business, obviously, there are parts of the market below where we play. But if we sort of loosely call it at the lower end of the non-prime or subprime part of the marketplace, the word that I would use to describe it is stability and stability of -- let's look at the key aspects of that. On the consumer credit side, actually, the first part of our business to normalize really to settle out with respect to credit was the lower end of the market. That's been very stable. The -- our originations in that segment and really pretty much across our business, the originations are coming in on top of each other for years. So that has a stability there as well. Competitively, it's a very competitive part -- it's a very competitive part of the business that has many in addition to regular card players, many non-traditional players as well. So the competitive intensity is high, but we watch it very carefully. And so with the stability of performance and the strength of the consumer, we in both the card and the auto side of the business continue to lean in a very similar way that we have -- well, for card, it's just been very consistent for years. With auto, we kind of pulled back quite a bit in that part of the business and we're leaning in as we often have done historically. So we're leaning into both of them and we're really pleased with the stability and strength of the metrics that underlie those businesses.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. Thanks. And maybe just as a follow up, when you think about reserve levels, given that you are seeing or likely to see some improvement in credit losses kind of on a core basis or like-for-like. And it sounds like the growth is probably -- a growth that you have on the balance sheet is probably going to come in your lower loss categories, not the higher ones, thoughts about the reserve level as we move forward?
Andrew Young: Sure, Moshe. So what's going to happen in future quarters starts with what happened this quarter. So I just want to reiterate a couple of the drivers of this quarter as a jumping-off point. As I said in the prepared remarks, your coverage was down 33 basis points by two things. The bigger effect being that we typically have seasonally higher balance -- balances in the fourth quarter that require very low levels of coverage and that denominator effect from those balances put downward pressure on coverage. The other effect was that the allowance we needed for what I'll call non-seasonal growth was offset by favorable observed credit performance. And so we added $0 of allowance balance to the numerator, but the non-seasonal growth impacted the denominator. And so in the first quarter, I just wanted to provide that backdrop to say the seasonal balances will run off and so there will be a corresponding upward pressure on coverage, all else equal from that effect. But beyond that, it's really going to come down to growth and our loss forecast and loss forecast specifically for the coverage. And to the extent that loss forecast improves, changes in coverage could be modest in the near term as we just reflect the uncertainty of our projections and the allowance. But eventually, the improved loss forecast is going to flow through the allowance and continue to bring the coverage ratio down as uncertainties become more certain. And so while the direction of travel would be down, the pace and timing is going to depend on a variety of factors, one of which will include the mix of businesses, as you say, but when it's denominated to the whole portfolio, the relative growth of different forecasted loss portions of the of the book aren't going to have material impact to coverage just given that the new originations as a percentage of the overall book in any given quarter is relatively small. And then the only thing I also want to remind you of is, I know our investors look at history as a potential guide for levels of coverage. And I just want to remind you that we called out the roughly 50 basis points of impact to coverage from the termination of the loss-sharing agreement with Walmart. So that created a step function change in coverage relative to our prior history as well.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Don Fandetti: Yes, Rich, your Credit Card purchase volume growth on a like account basis has picked up. I'm just trying to get a sense if this is a Q4 blip or are you thinking that the consumer is actually more confident here after the election? And are you seeing that same improvement in consumer and small business as well?
Richard Fairbank: Well, we have -- if we think about our purchase volume, our growth in overall purchase volume continues to be driven by growth in our branded card customer base and the branded card includes both our consumer and our small business. The growth that you see and that we've seen for several years now is certainly a thing powering. It has been a strength in originations and some strength in originations at the higher end of the market. But the other way to think about your question is at a customer level, what you know, on a per customer basis, what's been happening to spend growth. And even as our spend metrics were growing over overall, the spend growth per customer in our consumer business have been largely -- they had been largely flat through 2023 and really the first-half of 2024. And then they started to pick up midway through last year and they grew further in Q4. And I don't have in front of me the small business card numbers. They're embedded in the numbers that I gave you. So the fact that we have seen spend per customer finally pick up here is striking, whether it will continue and exactly what's driving it is hard to say, but I did want to point out that positive trajectory as the year finished off.
Don Fandetti: Got it. And Andrew, you touched on this, but your '24 vintage, can you talk a little bit about how you're feeling -- how you're seeing that shape up in terms of credit performance? I've seen some industry data that shows delinquencies are still pretty high for '24?
Andrew Young: Yes, Don, why don't I take that. So recent originations in our card business, we continue to see stability in the performance of our originations. It's really striking here. We've been calling this out consistently over the past few years. Vintage over vintage, we're seeing mostly stable risk levels over time. And also striking is our overall front book of new origination vintages continues to perform in line with pre-pandemic vintages. Now when you compare with pre-pandemic vintages, you can't look at 2019 because 2019 very quickly got sort of corrupted by the pandemic. So we're looking at 2017 and 2018 when we make these comparisons. But from a Capital One point of view, I think this is this stability in origination performance and quarter-over-quarter and the consistency with pre-pandemic is the result of our intervention to deal with inflated credit scores and the high level of industry supplies that were flooding, particularly the subprime marketplace back there. So we trimmed around the edges and continued to very closely watch the origination vintages. And that has led to a sustained stability on the part of Capital One and some of our most recent vintages. Now again, we're still looking -- you've got to look like, six months in the rearview mirror to see much, but we continue to see some very positive results there. We also have looked at industry data that shows some gapping out in vintages over the last couple of years. So I think the industry effect is not probably consistent with what we have described. And if I were to explain why because I think they're very capable companies doing this. I think the -- I'm not sure that most of the industry adjusted for inflated credit scores. And we intervened on our models with a belief that the university was suddenly giving out As that should be Bs basically and so we intervened and then kept validating along the way. But for a while, we didn't have validation. We just intervened because we believed it was the right thing to do. So I think what we had -- what has been seen if you look at just overall industry originations is, as you say, some gapping out and I think that would be the biggest driver.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. You may proceed.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. I guess, Rich, just one more on the deal. Given the timeline that you've outlined earlier this year, is it fair to assume like everything is going pretty smoothly in terms of the regulatory approval process and there hasn't been any surprises? I'm also wondering sort of where you guys are in terms of the integration efforts and how much work has been done there?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Yes, so no, the approval process continues to move forward. We've made substantial process in the recent months. We remain actively engaged with the Fed and the OCC about our merger applications and it is the Fed and the OCC who ultimately decide on our merger application. Late last year, we received approval from the Delaware State Bank Commissioner, which we needed because Discover is a State Chartered Bank. We of course, had the big public hearing in July and that went very well, we feel. Earlier this month, of course, we finalized a joint proxy statement with the SEC setting up the February 18 shareholder vote. So that was good progress finally there. We are also engaged with the Justice Department as they play a key role in advising the Fed and the OCC on the competitive aspects of the deal. And we continue to believe that this transaction is both pro-competitive and pro-consumer, bringing our best-in-class products and services to a broader set of consumers and small businesses, and really enhancing opportunities and benefits for merchants as well. So pulling way up, it's certainly the deal process is a long labor, but we remain well-positioned to get approval of the deal early this year. And we are really proud of the work everyone is doing here and we look forward to getting this over the goal line.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. Just to follow-up on a question Ryan asked some time ago on sort of when you put the companies together and the efficiencies, and sort of the investments that need to be made. I guess when you put the two companies together, the efficiency ratio actually goes down and obviously, there's a lot of synergies both on revenues and expenses. Do you think those are sufficient enough to sort of accomplish? I'm just trying the question again. Do you think those are sufficient enough to make all of the investments that you sort of outlined? Or do you think that there's others that you might have to make as you peel the onion a little bit when you have the company?
Richard Fairbank: So, I don't think we're in a position to -- and it's not just because we want to be coy about it. We -- we're not in a different place than we were at the time we announced the deal. And we should point out that we are working really hard preparing for integration, but we are still separate companies and Discover is working incredibly hard and working on their compliance and I know they're doing preparations for integration as well and we certainly are. We're not getting an inside view of their numbers, their performance, their business model. So we're mostly sort of where we were at the outset. But if we pull up to your point, so Discover operated -- operates with a significantly lower efficient -- operating efficiency ratio than Capital One. That's certainly a good thing for the combined company. I think it is also the case that the -- I think Discover has had a heritage of probably less investment in certain areas than Capital One. And in a few cases, they're sort of making up for lost time there. But I think having not seen on the other side, we assume that there are some areas that we will -- and we've assumed this from the beginning, we're going to need to step-up the investments and obviously on the risk management side, there's a lot of investment to be done, whether it is how -- what ultimately needs to be done compares with what they're investing and all of that remains to be seen. We obviously had assumptions in our deal model about leaning in on that. But what we get is -- so there's going to be a lot of effects that are all pretty significant that just go in different directions. A company with an amazing efficiency ratio, a company that's probably underinvested in a number of areas that's relative to Capital One and we would shore up some of those investments. We also get a lot of synergy that comes from bringing overlapping businesses together. That's a very a strong effect. And then these three -- the investment areas, the three that we're pointing out, we are talking about investing in those at a level that's a lot different than what Discover has done traditionally. Obviously, the risk management one, we've all talked about that and they're leaning in hard now. On international acceptance, they certainly -- again I'm amazed with their not that great scale, what they've done, but we would expect to invest at a higher level than they have there and in terms of the network brand relative to -- I wanted to make a comment about the network brand and some of this other investment. It is -- we have sloped -- we have taken our card business and sloped the business that we think most naturally and easily can go to the Discover network and it involves folks that aren't big international travelers, for example. So we've sloped the work. There is -- we think it's very straightforward to move this business front book and back book business to Discover. And some of these investments that I'm talking about leaning into are particularly important for the longer-term opportunity of being able to move more business than what we put into our deal model. And again, in doing that, we would -- we sloped -- we took our whole customer base and imagine sort of sloping it in terms of what part of the business fits most naturally within the context of the capabilities and the brand of Discover's network. And then as we want to move more we're going to need the bar to be raised relative to acceptance in brand and that's why I think you know these other investments were talking about will be multi-year they'll be overtime and there'll be things that help the deal payoff even more so in the longer term.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question comes from John Hecht with Jefferies. You may proceed.
John Hecht: Good afternoon, guys, and thanks for fitting me in here. First question, just thinking about the mix of the overall consumer book. I mean, you've got some new cards like the Venture One and Quicksilver, and some of those are attracted to different demographic groups. And then you've got the subprime mix and then you've got auto. Where do we see just given kind of in-bound customer mix? Where do we see that going this year as a standalone business? And then, Rich, do you have any comments of what the total portfolio might look like assuming the combination with Discover?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, so thank you, John. So we -- so let's -- let me take Discover just in a minute. So if you pull way up on Capital One for a long, long time, Capital One has been a sort of a full spectrum player. We have had -- for several decades, we have had a subprime business that is tailor-made for the information-based strategy we have because it's all about surviving and winning on the credit side of the business, but also in that business, we've also very, very much focused relative to others who play in the space to degree of exceptionally good deals. It's not just about sort of surviving on the credit side, but really giving great deals, helping people use credit wisely. And in fact, really, I think the deals that we're offering are very, very simple and profoundly better than a lot of the deals that are available in the marketplace. And so that business has -- is a very stable part of what we do at Capital One and we continue to lean into that. The -- probably the most dramatic thing that's been happening in the last decade in Capital One's card business is, as you referenced, the quest toward the top of the market and that is a journey that as far out as we can see, we will continue to lean into that because there is so much opportunity at the top of the market. And obviously, it takes a lot of investment, but the key indicator to us that when we stratify the segments of our business by spend levels, the part that's growing the fastest consistently year after year at Capital One is the heaviest spenders. And there's just so much upside north of where we are, we will continue to invest in that. Now if you stand back, just think about our Card business, while our subprime business has been going along and we keep leaning into that, there has been a gradual mix shift upmarket for the company. And even within each segment, within the sort of the subprime book, the sort of the prime book, and certainly the top of the market, there has been a gradual mix change with a spender first philosophy that permeates our business. So that's -- and some of that you can see in just some of the structural changes in the payment rates at Capital One. So I believe that what you see and what you have seen for numbers -- a number of -- for many years is a good prognosticator of probably how the future of legacy Capital One would likely go. Meaning, continued leaning in across the spectrum, but differentially an awful lot of investment toward the top of the market and the most growth opportunity there. Now we -- now let me turn to Discover. Discover, interestingly, has taken a very different approach than Capital One. While we have taken a very broad approach playing in all parts of the market, Discover has had a very focused strategy on the prime part of the business and they've done a very, very good job there and we certainly always admired them from the outside. So we will be bringing into our company a significant increase in that portion of the market, which probably differentially got a little less emphasis if anything. It's not like we weren't playing there, but if anything, we had a greater emphasis probably north and south of that part of the business. But so from a mix point of view, we certainly -- we will be bringing in a business that's very homogeneous relative to the very heterogeneous business that we have. And then on the other side of all of that, I think that we will -- if I were to summarize our strategy, it will be to continue. Everything we were doing is Capital One because we're getting a lot of traction in that, and then making very sure that we don't crush the butterfly of this beautiful business model that Discover has in the prime part of the market, but that we go in there and while, yes, integrating things like technology and some of the risk management processes and a lot of things, do everything that we can to make sure that we don't directly or even unwittingly sort of crush the really nice butterfly of what they do. And in that way, we hope to bring in a growth business that Discover has and add it to the very complementary growth businesses that Capital One has and collectively continue to try to get the best of both worlds, bringing along the way some -- better efficiencies and really bringing top technology to all aspects of the business.
John Hecht: Great. Very much appreciate it. Thanks.
Jeff Norris: Well, thank you everyone for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Have a great night, everybody.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing-by. Welcome to the Capital One Q3 2024 Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Josh, and welcome, everyone. We're webcasting live over the Internet as usual. And to access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2024 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on investors, then click on Financials and then click on quarterly earnings release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One's website and filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the third quarter, Capital One earned $1.8 billion or $4.41 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the quarter were adjusting items related to Discover integration costs and a small downward revision to our FDIC special assessment estimate. Net of these adjusting items, third quarter earnings per share were $4.51. Pre-provision earnings in the third quarter increased 3% from the second quarter to $4.7 billion. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 5%, driven by higher net interest income. Non-interest expense increased 7%, driven by increases in both operating expense and marketing spend. Provision for credit losses was $2.5 billion in the quarter, down $1.4 billion relative to the prior quarter. The quarterly decrease was primarily driven by the absence of the second quarter's one-time allowance build for the termination of the Walmart partnership, a decline in the coverage ratio in card and a $40 million decrease in net charge-offs. Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the allowance in greater detail. We released $134 million in allowance this quarter, and our allowance balance now stands at $16.5 billion. Our total portfolio coverage ratio decreased 7 basis points to 5.16%. The decrease in this quarter's allowance and coverage ratio was largely driven by allowance releases in our Card and Consumer Banking segments. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. In our Domestic Card business, we released $66 million of allowance, which decreased coverage by 18 basis points to 8.36%. Our credit outlook has improved slightly as our confidence in the stability of underlying credit trends has grown, driving a modest release in allowance. In our Consumer Banking segment, we released $50 million in allowance, resulting in a 10-basis point decrease to our coverage ratio. The release was driven by strong credit performance and increasing recoveries in our auto business. And finally, our commercial banking allowance decreased by $14 million, resulting in the coverage ratio remaining essentially flat at 1.76%. Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter increased about $9 billion to approximately $132 billion. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $49 billion, up about $4 billion from the prior quarter, driven primarily by continued strong deposit growth. Our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the third quarter was 163%, up from 155% in the second quarter. Turning to Page 7. I'll cover our net interest margin. Our third quarter net interest margin was 7.11%, 41 basis points higher than last quarter and 42 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The sequential increase in NIM was largely the result of three factors. First, we had higher card and auto yields. As a reminder, the card yield benefited from a full quarter impact of the termination of the revenue-sharing agreement with Walmart. The removal of revenue sharing increased the total company NIM by 12 basis points quarter-over-quarter and 22 basis points relative to the year ago quarter. Second, there was one additional day in the third quarter. And finally, we had a higher mix of card loans on the balance sheet. Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 13.6%, 40 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Higher net income in the quarter was partially offset by the impact of dividends, loan growth and $150 million of share repurchases. As a reminder, the announcement of the acquisition of Discover constituted a material business change. Therefore, we continue to be subject to the Federal Reserve's pre-approval of our capital actions until the merger approval process has concluded. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows third quarter results in our Credit Card business. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. In the third quarter, our Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of top-line growth, strong margins and stable credit. Year-over-year purchase volume growth for the quarter was 5%. Ending loan balances increased $9.1 billion or about 6% year-over-year. Average loans increased about 7% and third quarter revenue was up 10%, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin for the quarter increased 43 basis points year-over-year to 18.7%. The full quarter effect of the end of the Walmart revenue sharing agreement drove a 51-basis point year-over-year increase. Excluding this impact, the revenue margin would have been about 18.2%. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 5.61%. The full quarter impact of the end of the Walmart loss-sharing agreement increased the quarterly charge-off rate by 38 basis points. Excluding this impact, the charge-off rate for the quarter would have been 5.23%, up 83 basis points year-over-year. The 30+ delinquency rate at quarter end was 4.53%, up 22 basis points from the prior year. As a reminder, the end of the Walmart loss-sharing agreement did not have a meaningful impact on the delinquency rate. The pace of year-over-year increases in both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate have been steadily declining for several quarters and continued to shrink in the third quarter. On a sequential quarter basis, the charge-off rate, excluding the Walmart impact was down 63 basis points and the 30+ delinquency rate was up 39 basis points. Both sequential quarter trends are consistent with seasonal expectations. Domestic Card non-interest expense was up 12% compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily driven by higher marketing expense. Total company marketing expense in the quarter was $1.1 billion, up 15% year-over-year. Our choices in Domestic Card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see compelling growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the Domestic Card business. Compared to the third quarter of 2023, Domestic Card marketing in the quarter included increased marketing to grow originations at the top of the market, higher media spend and increased investment in differentiated customer experiences like our travel portal, airport lounges and Capital One Shopping. Slide 12 shows third quarter results in our Consumer Banking business. Auto originations were up 23% year-over-year in the third quarter. Our stable credit performance, which is the result of choices we've made over the past couple of years, puts us in a strong position to lean into current origination opportunities in the marketplace. Consumer Banking ending loans were essentially flat year-over-year and average loans were down 1%. On a linked quarter basis, ending loans and average loans were both up 1%. Compared to the year ago quarter, both ending and average consumer deposits were up about 6%. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was down about 3% year-over-year, largely driven by higher deposit costs compared to the prior year quarter. Non-interest expense was up about 5% compared to the third quarter of 2023, driven largely by continued technology investments and increased auto originations. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.05%, up 28 basis points year-over-year. The 30+ delinquency rate was 5.61%, down 3 basis points year-over-year, largely as the result of our choice to tighten credit and pull back in 2022, auto charge-offs have been strong and stable. Slide 13 shows third quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, ending loan balances decreased about 2%. Average loans were down about 1%. The modest declines are largely the result of choices we made in 2023 to tighten credit. Ending deposits were up about 5% from the linked quarter. Average deposits were down about 1%. We continue to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances. Third quarter revenue was up 1% from the linked quarter and non-interest expense was up by about 2%. The Commercial Banking annualized net charge-off rate for the third quarter increased 7 basis points from the sequential quarter to 0.22%. The Commercial Banking criticized performing loan rate was 7.66%, down 96 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate increased 9 basis points to 1.55%. In closing, we continued to post strong results in the third quarter. We delivered another quarter of top-line growth in domestic card loans, purchase volume and revenue. In the auto business, we saw year-over-year growth in originations for the third consecutive quarter and consumer credit trends remained stable. Our year-to-date operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments through September was 41.7%. We had guided to 2024 annual operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments to be modestly down compared to the 43.5% we posted in 2023. Our view included the positive impact from the end of the revenue sharing related to the Walmart partnership and assumed the CFPB late fee rule would take effect in October. Looking forward, we now expect the full year 2024 annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments to be in the low 42s. We expect a sequential quarter increase in operating expense in the fourth quarter, that will be roughly in line with historical patterns as we continue to invest in our technology transformation. And we are no longer assuming that the CFPB late fee rule will be implemented in 2024, given ongoing uncertainty around industry litigation. Our view of 2024 marketing has not changed. We continue to lean into marketing to grow and to further strengthen our franchise. In the Domestic Card business, we continue to get traction in originations across our products and channels. In Consumer Banking, we're leaning into marketing to grow our digital first national banking franchise. We continue to expect total company marketing in the second half of 2024 to be meaningfully higher than in the first half, similar to the pattern we saw last year and that includes the much higher marketing levels that we typically see in the fourth quarter. And turning to the Discover acquisition, we're working closely with the regulators as our applications continue to work their way through the regulatory approval process. Separately, Discover mentioned in their press release and on their earnings call last week that they continue to work in parallel with the SEC to resolve comments regarding their accounting approach for their card mis-classification matter. As soon as that process wraps up, we expect to mail out a joint proxy and a schedule -- and to schedule a shareholder vote most likely early next year. We remain well positioned to get shareholder and regulatory approvals and we expect to be in a position to complete the acquisition early in 2025 subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. Pulling way up, the acquisition of Discover is a singular opportunity. It will create a consumer banking and global payments platform with unique capabilities, modern technology, powerful brands and a franchise of more than 100 million customers. It delivers compelling financial results and offers the potential to enhance competition and create significant value for merchants and customers. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. Remember, as a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any further questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Josh, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Ryan Nash: Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
Richard Fairbank: Hi, Ryan.
Andrew Young: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: So Rich, maybe to just start on credit. You obviously have lot -- you can see lots of different parts of the consumer market, high end consumer, subprime, prime, private label, different parts of auto. And you guys seem to be bucking the trend with really solid credit results, so I think some others aren't. So maybe can you just talk about what you're seeing across consumer and some of these different cohorts? And maybe what do you think it means for where losses could be headed in some of your main asset classes? Thanks. I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Ryan. So let me just pull up and just talk first about the health of the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer remains a source of relative strength in the overall economy. You know, think about this. The labor market remains strong. You know we saw -- we saw signs of softening in the first half of 2024 and the unemployment rate picked up a bit, but the most recent data points on unemployment and job creation have actually shown renewed strength. Incomes are growing in real terms and last month, we saw a significant upward revision of the savings rate. Consumer debt servicing burdens are stable relative to pre-pandemic levels and consumers have higher average bank account balances than before the pandemic. Now we see some pockets of pressure related to sort of the cumulative effects of inflation and elevated interest rates. And we are almost certainly still seeing a thing that we've been calling out for years, even really before it happened saying we think it inevitably will happen and but we won't fully be able to measure that. We won't be able to measure that along the way, but that is delayed charge-offs from the pandemic period. We should remember that millions of consumers who would have charged off under normal circumstances in 2020, 2021 and 2022 avoided defaulting, thanks to unprecedented stimulus and forbearance. And these consumers were on the edge, and they got a lifeline. But for some of them, their underlying vulnerability remains. So I believe that what we're seeing today is some catching up from that period of historically low charge-offs. So I'd say consumers on the whole are in good shape compared to most historical benchmarks, but I do think there's some pockets of pressure that will persist until we fully work through this cycle essentially of inflation and elevated interest rates and of course for an un-measurable period of time, the -- there will be, I think this delayed charge-off effect from the pandemic. So that's a comment, Ryan, sort of on the consumer generally. You said you had another question. Of course, I can get into Capital One's individual credit as well. But why don't I hear where you want to take this?
Ryan Nash: Yes. And it would be helpful if you can comment on Capital One specifically, but maybe I'll throw another question for Andrew and you guys can handle both of them. So Andrew, obviously, there was a big beat on the net interest margin and the Fed has begun easing. I'm just curious if you could maybe just talk about the drivers and expectations from the margin -- for the margin from here. And just given you've historically operated in this kind of 6.8% or 6.9% range. But given the balance sheet -- the changing balance sheet dynamics, do you think we've sort of broken out of that range? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Yes, Ryan. Look, as I think about the NIM in the near term, I enumerated the driving forces of what led to the increase this quarter. But in the near term outside of seasonal effects, we have one modest likely headwind, which as you can see in our disclosures, is that we're asset sensitive and so that will put a bit of pressure on NIM in the immediate term, but we also have one potential tailwind, I'll call it, and that is the pace of card growth relative to the rest of the balance sheet. And you've seen the tailwind to NIM all else equal over the last few quarters. Longer term, I think there's a few headwinds and tailwinds. The tailwind being again card even beyond the next few quarters, we've seen strong growth, particularly relative to the rest of our balance sheet. And I've highlighted in the past that our current levels of cash are likely above where we think they will eventually settle out. And if we were to see a steepening of the yield curve, that's also a good guide to us, all else equal. On the headwind side, I think there's a question of where betas go from here and there's a possibility that they could be slower or lower depending on a host of factors. We could maintain cash levels for some period of time at least, especially in light of the strong deposit growth we're seeing. And then always there's a little bit of a wildcard of the path of credit, right? And so if for some reason it stays elevated, the potential revenue suppression could be a headwind. But overall, I would say taking all of those factors into account, you've kind of seen the stability over the last few quarters prior to this one and the step-up here in the third quarter. And so I'll let you kind of weigh all of the headwinds and tailwinds that I just laid out for you.
Ryan Nash: Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So, Ryan, let me just -- I talk generally about the consumer. Let me talk a little bit about Capital One, specifically what we see, and this is of course, partly because of what I just said about the consumer and some Capital One specific things as well. So in the Card business, we -- you know our delinquencies and charge-offs are consistent with normal seasonality now, and it's clear that our card credit has settled out. It's also clear that it settled out above pre-pandemic levels. And sort of there's three main reasons for this. First, we still have relatively lower recoveries compared to before the pandemic as a result of historically low charge-offs in the rearview mirror and therefore in our charge-off inventory. So our recovery rate per dollar of charge-offs has been stable, if anything, in fact a bit better than before the pandemic, but just the inventory remains below pre-pandemic levels. But it's rising, it's heading toward returning to the pre-pandemic levels. So this effect will diminish over the next few quarters, we would expect. Secondly, that we believe the cumulative effects of inflation and higher interest rates are creating affordability pressures for some consumers, particularly those whose incomes have not kept pace with inflation or have higher debt servicing burden. So we think that's a factor. And you know, to your point, I'm actually not making a point about the low end of the market, whether measured by income or credit score. Generally speaking, we've seen stronger relative income growth at the lower end of the distribution since 2020. And you know, customers with the highest debt servicing burdens tend to skew more prime than subprime. So -- and then, of course, the other factor, you know that we would point at as to why charge-offs are settling out above the pre-pandemic levels is the delayed charge-off effect that we think is still playing through. But just back -- if I could just throw in an industry point just for a second, I should have mentioned this probably earlier because this isn't really a Capital One effect. But I think that what we see in industry data is that post pandemic origination vintages are running at higher risk level than pre-pandemic vintages, probably because of inflated credit scores during the pandemic. And that's an industry point, not a Capital One point because and then here, Ryan, is when you mentioned that you're seeing Capital One credit, in some cases move differently from some of the industry trends. At Capital One, we anticipated these effects, related to some of the unusual things going on during the pandemic and particularly the -- what we might say is the great inflation of credit scores. So we tightened our underwriting back in 2020 and '21, when credit was the best we've ever seen. And as credit normalized, we continued to make adjustments where we saw pockets of rising risk, what I was saying along the way where we kept trimming around the edges. The result for Capital One has been relatively stable performance on our recent originations now for a long time, which are really running at similar levels of risk to pre-pandemic vintages. But I do think there is some underlying worsening in the marketplace that may be showing up elsewhere that some of our choices were able to offset. So pulling way up our credit results, we feel are strong and stable, driven by the choices that we've made through the pandemic and the post-pandemic period. And we feel very good about where we are and it's an important reason that we are leaning in, as you can see in terms of our originations in the business. I can talk about auto at some point, but maybe I'll wait for another question on that.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. You may proceed.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. Good evening. Just following up on credit, sorry. Just Rich, you had mentioned, maybe it was last quarter or the quarter before that we should start to see the credit, the delinquency improvements do better than seasonality. And I guess stabilized as you know, it's moving along with seasonality. Is some of that related to the stuff you were just talking about or do you still expect the improvement to be better than seasonality at some point?
Richard Fairbank: Well, at some point, of course, you know, it can be a long time. But no, let me just say that I don't recall saying that we expected credit to be better than seasonality. I think what we have been saying over the last number of months is for a long time, we said credit is normalizing. We are on the absolute lookout for the very early signs of credit normalizing, which it should, where exactly it will normalize, who knows till we actually get there. And so way back to more than a year ago, starting interestingly in the lower end of the market, we were pointing out that we see the signs of credit stabilizing, of course, we all went down that ski slope of second derivative and that continues to, you know to be a strong effect. But these are all things, Sanjay, that are going on related to credit stabilizing. And we have not declared that we think, credit is in fact headed down from here. At some point, we can in another question, go through the potential, you know, case for that. I want to say one other thing though, you mentioned seasonality and I put a marker down last quarter about a potential seasonality, a change in seasonality patterns. And I'd like to just kind of seize the moment and comment on this because I think all of you that are watching the credit patterns on a monthly basis, it's really important that we talk about the seasonality benchmark to which to compare that. So let's talk for a moment about how seasonality works. Our portfolio in fact, tends to have more pronounced seasonal patterns than the industry average. The second quarter tends to be the seasonal low point for delinquencies and the fourth quarter tends to be the seasonal high point. Card losses lag relative to delinquencies, the losses tend to be seasonally lowest in the third quarter and highest in the first quarter. Now, we have always thought and still do that tax refunds are a significant driver of these seasonal trends. And tax refunds drive a large seasonal improvement in delinquent payments in the February-March time period, which flows through to lower delinquencies in April, May and then to lower charge-offs in the August-September timeframe. Tax refunds also drive a seasonal uptick in our recoveries. Now a few years ago, the tax withholding rules changed leading to fewer tax refunds and lower average refund payments. And the IRS was paying certain refunds later than before because of fraud-related issues that they had seen. Now, so we were watching all this, but there was so much noise in the payment data due to the pandemic that we were unsure to what extent credit seasonality patterns had changed. So in the first half of this year, as credit metrics settled out, we flagged that the combined effect of lower and later tax refunds as the more it settles out, the more we can sort of see these underlying patterns that we flag that this combined effect was likely affecting our near-term credit performance by delaying and muting the usual seasonal improvement that we see in the second quarter. But we didn't want to go to the highest mountaintop and declare that because we wanted to make sure we weren't explaining away credit numbers that in fact looked worse than seasonally what you would expect. We also at the time, you know, believed that we would see more muted seasonal increases in delinquencies in the third quarter on the other side of that effect. And we've now had several quarters to look at this and that experience has been confirmatory. And now that you know, we're in a sense, credit is coming in better than the old seasonal patterns. So we've seen both the worst side and the better side. I think we can pull up and really sort of declare this effect really seems to be happening. 2024 settled out with fewer refunds paid than before the pandemic and about 25% lower total refund volume in real terms. So what we're basically seeing and pulling way up is that seasonality, which has we believe is driven predominantly by tax refunds, as tax refunds become less of an effect, not surprisingly, in fact, we're seeing seasonality that has less amplitude to it. So that's, I think, the seasonality that we observe now and when we've done sort of a -- an adjusted look at last year, we definitely think that we see the new trend. By the way on the auto side, all of this happens in auto seasonality but in an even faster and more concentrated way. So I think I just wanted to share that with you. But I think what we've really been declaring here, Sanjay, is that it's -- there's just such a confirmation that, that credit is really settling out here.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I mean my follow-up question would be the question you were looking for later. What's the path to normalization? And I guess for credit as well as the reserve rate, we're well above the levels we were in 2019, maybe you and Andrew can tag team on that one. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So why don't I start, Andrew. So the -- we're really, really pleased with how card credit has settled out after, quite a period of normalization. So looking ahead, while we're not giving guidance on future credit, I just want to point out a number of forces that play out. So the one force, of course is this thing that we believe so strongly is there, but we can't measure it is the phenomenon of delayed charge-offs. If you kind of look at the area under the curve of all the charge-offs that sort of didn't happen, now we don't believe all of that area will play out over time. But if you look at the area below the curve and compare it to the area in a sense above the curve now, one can see that conceptually there could be still quite a bit of, in a sense delayed inventory that could happen. I just want to flag that effect. I think it's going to moderate at some point, but I think that effect will be with us from -- for some time. Another factor is the recoveries inventory that continues to rebuild and that should be a gradual tailwind to our losses over time, all else being equal. And then the moderating of inflation, I think, is a good guy for card credit, but still high interest rates are probably a source of pressure at the tails for some consumers, especially those with higher debt servicing burdens. And of course, the economy will be a factor too, but those are just some of the forces I think are going to be at work as credit plays out here, Sanjay.
Andrew Young: And then with respect to allowance, Sanjay, obviously, we'll be allowing for growth. So that's the starting point on a dollar basis. I suspect you are more focused on coverage. So let me talk in coverage terms. First, and just very tactically, as a reminder near term, in the fourth quarter, we typically have seasonally higher balances, and those balances just have lower coverage because of the high levels of expected payments. So all else equal, and I stress that point, but that would put downward pressure on coverage in the fourth quarter. But I -- in hearing your question, I think you're looking for a longer-term view. So first, the coverage over time is going to primarily be driven by our loss forecast and our confidence in those estimates. And so Rich just kind of shared, the things that we'll be looking for and what will ultimately be driving those forecasts. But how the allowance then plays out relative to that, I think it's important to note that even if we find ourselves in future quarters where our projected losses are lower than the projected losses in the current quarter's forecast, we might see only modest declines in coverage as we incorporate uncertainties related to those projections. But eventually the -- that lower loss forecast if and when it comes through theoretically flow through the allowance and bring the coverage ratio down as those uncertainties become more certain. And so the direction of travel in that scenario would be down. The pace and timing would obviously depend on a variety of factors. Because you mentioned though CECL Day 1, I guess I'll end, Sanjay, just as a reminder, one other call out using CECL Day 1 as a rough proxy for a through-the-cycle coverage assumption, it's important to note that embedded in CECL Day 1 was a law-sharing agreement with Walmart. And so with the termination of that agreement, the roughly 50-basis point impact to allowance coverage that we recognized last quarter, I just want to make sure that as you're thinking about CECL Day 1 excluding the Walmart effect that 6.5% roughly percent is actually more like 7%. Hopefully, that gives you though a sense of the direction of travel.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Terry Ma with Barclays. You may proceed.
Terry Ma: Oh, thank you. Good evening. I wanted to touch on the auto business and ask kind of what you're seeing in a competitive environment and how you're thinking about growth going forward. You called out originations have been positive the last three quarters and it looks like loan growth is going to turn positive. I know you're still mindful of used-car prices. So should we expect more measured growth in auto going forward?
Richard Fairbank: So yes, thank you, Terry. You know, our auto originations, as you say, they've been -- they've been growing now, I guess it's the last three quarters. And as we stated in our prior calls, in 2022 and in early 2023, we had anticipated risk and pullback on our originations. And even as the vehicle values have been declining, the credit performance on both our front book and our back book remains very strong. So additionally, just talking about some industry factors. Some of the headwinds that the industry has been facing with high interest rates and high vehicle prices are now easing as the interest rates have started to come down and vehicle values are down from their peak, although both of these remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. So interest margins are on our -- also very important, interest margins on our front book have increased and credit has stabilized and we're seeing opportunities to grow in a resilient way. So our strategy is to lean into areas that we like and that is supported by our very sophisticated underwriting and technology infrastructure, our data-driven decisioning as well as deep relationships with our dealer network. So looking ahead, we feel good about our auto business, and we feel we are well positioned to grow in a disciplined way targeting particularly what we think is the very resilient business.
Terry Ma: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research Securities. You may proceed. Bill, your line is now open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich and Andrew. Following up on your NIM commentary, Andrew, if credit continues to trend in line or potentially better than normal seasonality from here, is it reasonable to expect revenue suppression would begin to serve as more of a NIM tailwind that would arguably overwhelm some of the NIM headwinds that you described in your earlier response?
Andrew Young: Outside of seasonality, Bill, which is an important qualifier to that, but yes, to the extent that credit is coming down in an absolute sense, suppression is highly correlated with loss rates. So over a period of time, that's what we would expect to see.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. And then also another follow-up for you, Andrew, on your reserve commentary. In prior quarters, qualitative overlays, it seems -- and please correct me if I'm wrong, it seems like it had the effect of preventing you from releasing reserves. Is it fair to conclude that this quarter's reserve release suggests you expect consumer credit conditions to continue to gradually improve from here to the point where, you know, that would support peak losses likely being -- or sorry, peak reserve rates likely being behind us at this point?
Andrew Young: It's hard to think about the qualitative factors in isolation, Bill, because we look at the totality of the forecast and the economic backdrop. And that's just one albeit important but component of thinking about the allowance overall. So really the release this quarter was driven by the stability of underlying credit trends and just our confidence in those trends. So that's really the driver that led to this quarter's release.
Bill Carcache: Thank you for taking my questions.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Don Fandetti: Hi, Rich, on the Discover merger, do you still feel like owning a network helps your position with regulatory approval? I mean, I guess the DOJ suit against Visa does validate that. I'm just trying to get a sense on whether or not you feel like your arguments are resonating with regulators and you have confidence in the deal closing?
Richard Fairbank: So I think it's, you know, this is an unusual deal in the sense that usually there is, a player in a certain industry doing an acquisition of another player in that industry and certain -- certainly part of the consideration is looking at those aspects, but the very unusual part here is two things. First of all, one is such an important part of this acquisition is buying a network, something that we don't have. So we're not even in that part of the business. But then secondly, of course, it is, you know, an acquisition buying a position in an industry that is, getting a tremendous amount of scrutiny for how concentrated it is. And the network that we are acquiring, for example, on the credit card side has gone from 6% down to 4% share in recent years. And so certainly, we are making a strong case that to a regulator that obviously has shown they care a lot about competition in that marketplace that we certainly believe that this is a very pro-competitive in that sense. Of course, we also believe very much that on the credit card side, the deal is pro-competitive as well.
Don Fandetti: Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. And yes. Yes, go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Heck with Jefferies. You may proceed.
John Heck: Good afternoon, guys. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Most of them have been asked and answered. I'm wondering if you guys can maybe give us some color on spend trends, the built business volumes. We've heard that there's -- that the consumer is being a little bit more cautious and careful or responsible with their spending as opposed to reacting to some sort of weakness or concerns about the economy. And I'm wondering what your opinion is on that and how that affects your business?
Richard Fairbank: So, John, thank you. The -- consumer spending has had a little bit of a wild ride over the past few years. So just to reflect for a second on this, at the start of the pandemic spend per customer plummeted, then it surged as consumers resumed their spending and it has since been settling out. Since the beginning of 2023, our spend per customer has remained largely flat overall, although it has begun to tick up in recent months. So the spend growth that you see for Capital One is really being driven by the growth in new accounts and the spending on those accounts. And then we see just a little bit of a tick up in the last few months. Just to -- while I know some people have kind of wondered if you double click into the spend patterns, you know, discretionary and non-discretionary spend have really -- the growth rates of them have been very stable lately. And in fact, the mix has been stable across incomes and FICOs and is in line with pre-pandemic levels. So we think things really have settled out in the -- in the card business with respect to spend. And when we -- it's really striking when we look at banking overall and pretty much the only industry that's really growing is the credit card industry and it's been a tough way to make a living in most of the banking product areas and that of course, I think, the credit card continues to be part of a very -- a very important and multi-decade macro trend with respect to the movement out of cash and checks and really into the incredibly convenient spending mechanisms of a credit card. So I think there's sort of a macro tailwind that continues to help the industry. And then I think for a lot of us companies, certainly a few of us companies like Capital One, our strategies are very focused. It's what I call a spend first strategy so that a lot of what we do, the choices we make on the marketing side, on the credit side and really the business we want to be has a spend first lean to it and that that's another benefit to our metrics. Thank you, John.
John Heck: Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Mihir Bhatia: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my question. And actually, just following up kind of similar lines as John's question about spending. Maybe just drilling down specifically on the venture ex-portfolio. And I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit more about it. It's been in the market for a couple of years now. Just how much has it grown, how material is it to the overall card business? What are you seeing in terms of performance in that portfolio that's encouraging you to invest more in it. But just any additional details would be great. Thank you.
Ime Archibong: All right. Thank you, Ime here. So we launched our Venture X card in late 2021, and we're very pleased with the market response and the customer engagement so far. This launch is, of course, a continuation in our journey that's been many years in the making to win at the top of the market and that journey started years ago with the declaration. And then we have continued to just sort of every year stretch a little higher and lean in to the momentum and the brand strength that we were getting in our market position to be able to keep growing. So Venture X was a very important milestone in that journey. And also, very important in that journey to win at the top of the market was the launch of our Capital One travel portal and the opening of Capital One lounges as well as enhancements to our customers' overall experience more broadly. So and I'm sure you saw that actually in the third quarter of last year, we then launched the Venture X business card and we're also pleased with the market response and customer engagement so far as well. So I guess the way -- while we don't give out the specific numbers on this, we continue to be very pleased with our quest to win at the top of the market and both of these Venture X products are getting a lot of traction so far. And as you can see, we're leaning in quite a bit. But again, what I want to say is, I think one of the mistakes that card companies sometimes make is to think about a quest to win at the top of the market related to we're going to launch a particular product with these features. I really want to stress that winning at the top of the market requires a sustained comprehensive effort to create experiences, access to things that are unique and sort of something to tell your friends about, lounges, digital experience, rewards, of course, and then a very important component of this is building the brand credibility to have -- be viewed as a premium player in that part of the marketplace. So all of that is what we're investing in. You've, of course, seen quite an increase in our marketing and a fair amount of that is in service of our continued quest at the top of the market. But I would leave this one observation with you as well is that while you see the overall purchase volume growth rate for Capital One, and when we -- when we break that data up by spend segment, basically the higher the spend segment, meaning the higher we reach up in the marketplace, the faster our growth rate is, which is a confirmation of the traction we're getting, but also not only in overall volume, but the traction that we're getting reaching farther up.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chase Haynes with Evercore ISI. You may proceed.
John Pancari: Hi, it's John Pancari at Evercore ISI. I wanted to just ask on capital CET1 ratio at 13.6%. I wanted to get your updated thoughts here on how you think about buyback in that context. I know you had indicated that the Discover transaction could impact the pace of buybacks ultimately, but you still bought back about $150 million in the third quarter. So I wanted to get your updated thoughts there. Thanks.
Andrew Young: Yes, John, look, there's a few forces at play that impact how we think about capital management. The first, of course, being the uncertainty around the end game rule. The re-proposal provided some high-level indications, but the devils in the details there, not to mention the uncertainty on implementation timing. And second, although it's been moderating, of course, there still continues to be a degree of macroeconomic uncertainty. But last and perhaps most importantly, we have the pending Discover acquisition. And so post close, we will need to run both our internal assessment of the needs of the combined company, but we'll also go through the Fed's CCAR process to come up with our view and the Fed's view of the combined capital need -- the combined company entity's capital need. So those are the reasons why we are operating at current levels and believe it's prudent to do so. And we've been at this $150 million a pace for a number of quarters. And once we are back under an SEB regime, we'll, of course have flexibility to return capital as we see appropriate and you saw in late 2021 and early '22 when we had excess capital, we were returning that at something like $2.5 billion a quarter in repurchases. So if we were to find ourselves in a similar position, we understand that returning excess capital is an important part of creating shareholder value and we have the ability to do so quickly, but I go back to the forces at play of why we're operating where we are right now.
John Pancari: Got it. Thank you, Andrew. If I could just ask one more on the loan yield increase, up about 58 basis points this quarter, how much of that increase was the impact from Walmart for the full quarter? And was there any impact on the APR from any increase to the APR in response to the proposed CFPB late fee rule? Thanks.
Andrew Young: And John, I just want to make sure I understand your question of the yields quarter-over-quarter, are you saying or like year-over-year yield on card, year-over-year yield in card is flat when you take into account the effect of Walmart. Quarter-over-quarter, it's really just the seasonality effect. There's the partial quarter of Walmart, but yield is really the seasonal effects and partial quarter of Walmart when you're comparing third quarter to the second quarter.
John Pancari: Okay.
Andrew Young: And then...
John Pancari: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of Jeff Adelson with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Jeff Adelson: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just one for me to follow up on John's question there. Just on the late fee rule, I fully appreciate that things remain in flux at this point. But could you give us an update in your latest thinking and how you're potentially preparing for that with any offsets or mitigating actions? Have any of those actions been taken yet? And I get that you talked about taking a more mindful approach here. Just wanted to make sure that this is still the same approach you're taking or if there's anything else we should be thinking about in our models here? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Thank you, Jeff. So at this point, we're waiting for industry litigation to play out to see if and when the late fee rule goes into effect. And we're not going to predict when that will happen. As we've said before, if the rule is implemented in its current form, it will have a significant impact on our revenue. But we also believe that the rule will have an impact on the marketplace, including competition, pricing, customer behavior, volumes, credit. The reality is that we have spent decades painstakingly building a customer first franchise with the fewest fees in the industry and extremely simple products. We believe that we've been rewarded for these choices with better growth, better attrition and better credit selection. Ultimately, we will work backwards from what preserves our customer franchise, our customer loyalty and credit resilience if the rule does go into effect. Relative to anything that we've done so-far, we -- really the only thing we've done is we did defer a few investments in anticipation of this rule being implemented. If the ruling never happens, we will likely go ahead and make these investments over time. Thank you, Jeff.
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes our Q&A session for the evening. Thank you for joining us on this conference call today and for your continuing interest in Capital One. Everybody, have a great night.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Capital One Q2 2024 Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Josh, and welcome everyone to Capital One's second quarter 2024 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2024 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that done, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the second quarter, Capital One earned $597 million or $1.38 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the quarter were adjusting items related to the Walmart partnership termination, Discover integration costs, and an accrual for our updated estimate of the FDIC's special assessment. Net of these adjusting items, second quarter earnings per share were $3.14. Relative to the prior quarter, period end loans held for investment increased 1%, while average loans were flat. Ending deposits were flat versus last quarter, while average deposits increased 1%. Our percentage of FDIC insured deposits increased 1 percentage point to 83% of total deposits. Pre-provision earnings in the second quarter increased 7% from the first quarter. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 1%, driven by higher net and non-interest income, while non-interest expense decreased 4%, driven by a decline in operating expense. Our provision for credit losses was $3.9 billion in the quarter. The $1.2 billion increase in provision relative to the prior quarter was almost entirely driven by higher allowance. Included in the second quarter was an $826 million allowance built from the elimination of the loss sharing provisions that occurred within the termination of the Walmart partnership. The remaining quarter-over-quarter provision increase was driven by a $353 million higher net reserve build and a $28 million increase in net charge-offs. Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the allowance in greater detail. We built $1.3 billion in allowance this quarter. The allowance balance now stands at $16.6 billion. Our total portfolio coverage ratio increased 35 basis points to 5.23%. The increase in this quarter's allowance and coverage ratio was largely driven by a build in our card segment. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. In our domestic card business, the allowance coverage ratio increased by 69 basis points to 8.54%. The substantial majority of the increase in coverage was driven by the impact of the termination of the Walmart loss sharing agreement. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance decreased by $23 million, resulting in a 5 basis point decrease to the coverage ratio. And finally, our commercial banking allowance increased by $6 million. Coverage ratio remained essentially flat at 1.74%. Turning to Page 6, I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter decreased about $5 billion to approximately $123 billion. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $45 billion, down about $6 billion from the prior quarter. The decrease was driven by wholesale funding maturities, loan growth, and declines in our commercial deposits, partially offset by deposit growth in our retail banking business. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the second quarter was 155%, down from 164% in the first quarter. Turning to Page 7, I'll cover our net interest margin. Our second quarter net interest margin was 6.7%, 1 basis point higher than last quarter and 22 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The relatively flat quarter-over-quarter NIM was the result of largely offsetting factors. NIM in the quarter benefited from the termination of the revenue sharing agreement with Walmart as well as modestly higher yields in the auto business. These two factors were roughly offset by the seasonal effects on yield in the card portfolio and a slight increase in the rate paid on retail deposits. Turning to Slide 8, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 13.2%, 10 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was largely offset by the impact of dividends and $150 million of share repurchases. During the quarter, the Federal Reserve released the results of their stress test. Our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement is 5.5%, resulting in a CET1 requirement of 10%. However, as we disclosed in our last 10-Q, the announcement of the acquisition of Discover constituted a material business change. As a result, we are subject to the Federal Reserve's pre-approval of our capital actions until the merger approval process has concluded. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows second quarter results in our credit card business. Credit card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. In the second quarter, our domestic card business delivered another quarter of strong results as we continued to invest in flagship products and exceptional customer experiences to grow our franchise. Year-over-year purchase volume growth for the quarter was 5%. Ending loan balances increased $11.1 billion or about 8% year-over-year. Average loans also increased about 8% and second quarter revenue was up 9%, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin for the quarter remained strong at 17.9%. The revenue margin includes a positive impact of about 18 basis points resulting from the partial quarter effect of the end of the Walmart revenue sharing agreement. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 6.05%. The partial quarter impact of the end of the Walmart loss sharing agreement increased the quarterly charge-off rate by 19 basis points. Excluding this impact, the charge-off rate for the quarter would have been 5.86%, up 148 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 4.14%, up 40 basis points from the prior year. As a reminder, the end of the Walmart loss sharing agreement did not have a meaningful impact on delinquency rates. The pace of year-over-year increases in both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate have been steadily declining for several quarters and continued to shrink in the second quarter. On a sequential quarter basis, the charge-off rate excluding the Walmart impact was down 8 basis points and the 30 plus delinquency rate was down 34 basis points. Domestic card non-interest expense was up 5% compared to the second quarter of 2023, primarily driven by higher marketing expense. Total company marketing expense in the quarter was $1.1 billion, up 20% year-over-year. Our choices in domestic card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see compelling growth opportunities in our domestic card business. Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the domestic card business. Compared to the second quarter of 2023, domestic card marketing in the quarter included increased marketing to grow originations at the top of the marketplace, higher media spend, and increased investment in differentiated customer experiences, like our travel portal, airport lounges, and Capital One Shopping. Slide 12 shows second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. After returning to positive growth last quarter, auto originations were up 18% year-over-year in the second quarter. Consumer banking ending loans were down $1.6 billion or 2% year-over-year and average loans were down 3%. On a linked quarter basis, ending loans were up 1% and average loans were flat. Compared to the year ago quarter, ending consumer deposits were up about 7% and average deposits were up 5%. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter was down about 9% year-over-year, largely driven by higher deposit costs and lower average loans compared to the prior year quarter. Non-interest expense was up about 2% compared to the second quarter of 2023, driven by an increase in marketing to support our national digital bank. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.81%, up 41 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate was 5.67%, up 29 basis points year-over-year, largely as a result of our choice to tighten credit and pull back in 2022, auto charge-offs have been strong and stable. Slide 13 shows second quarter results for our commercial banking business compared to the linked quarter, ending loan balances decreased about 1%. Average loans were also down about 1%. The modest declines are largely the result of choices we made in 2023 to tighten credit. Ending deposits were down about 6% from the linked quarter. Average deposits were down about 3%. The declines are largely driven by our continued choices to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances. Second quarter revenue was essentially flat from the linked quarter and non-interest expense was lower by about 6%. The Commercial Banking annualized net charge-off rate for the second quarter increased 2 basis points from the sequential quarter to 0.15%. The commercial banking criticized performing loan rate was 8.62%, up 23 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate increased 18 basis points to 1.46%. In closing, we continued to deliver strong results in the second quarter. We delivered another quarter of top line growth in domestic card loans, purchase volume, and revenue and a second consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in auto originations. Consumer credit trends continued to show stability and our operating efficiency ratio improved. We had guided to 2024 annual operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustment to be flat to modestly down compared to 2023, assuming the CFPB late fee rule takes effect in October. And we're on a very consistent path with what we expected when we gave that guidance. If the implementation of the rule is delayed, that would be a tailwind to 2024 annual operating efficiency ratio. One thing that has changed is the Walmart relationship. Our partnership ended in the second quarter, which will increase charge-off rates, but have a positive impact on operating efficiency ratio. Including the Walmart impact, we expect full year 2024 operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments to be modestly down compared to 2023. We continue to lean into marketing to grow and to further strengthen our franchise. In the domestic card business, we continue to get traction in originations across our products and channels and our origination opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation, which enables us to leverage machine learning at scale to identify the most attractive growth opportunities and customize our marketing offers. We are also getting traction in building our franchise at the top of the market with heavy spenders. It is not lost on us that competitive intensity and marketing levels are increasing at the very top of the market and we know we have important investments to make. We continue to be pleased to see our investments pay-off in customer and spend growth and returns. And we're building and enduring franchise with annuity like revenue streams, very low losses, and very low attrition. In consumer banking, our modern technology and leading digital capabilities are powering our digital first national banking strategy, and we're leaning even harder into marketing to grow our national checking franchise, which has had industry leading pricing with no fees and industry leading customer satisfaction. Pulling up, marketing is a key driver of current and future growth and value creation across the company and we're leaning hard into our marketing investments. We expect total company marketing in the second half of 2024 to be meaningfully higher than the first half, similar to the pattern we saw last year. We are all-in and working hard to complete the Discover acquisition. Our applications for regulatory approval are in process and we're fully mobilized to plan and deliver a successful integration. We continue to expect that we'll be in a position to complete the acquisition late this year or early next year, subject to regulatory and shareholder approval. The combination of Capital One and Discover creates game changing strategic opportunities. The Discover payments network positions Capital One as a more diversified, vertically integrated global payments platform, and adding Capital One's debit spending and a growing portion of our credit card purchase volume to the Discover network will add significant scale, increasing the network's value to merchants, small businesses, and consumers and driving enhanced network growth. In credit cards and consumer banking, we're bringing together proven franchises with complementary strategies and a shared focus on the customer. And we will be able to leverage and scale the benefits of our 11 year technology transformation across every business and the network. Pulling way up, the acquisition of Discover is a singular opportunity. It will create a consumer banking and global payments platform with unique capabilities, modern technology, powerful brands, and a franchise of more than 100 million customers. It delivers compelling financial results and offers the potential to create significant value for merchants and customers. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Josh, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. You may proceed.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Rich, Andrew, just looking at the credit metrics, as Rich mentioned, it seems like the trends are pretty favorable. I mean, in most segments things are improving, if not stable. And then the U.S. card, there is an improving trend in that second derivative. I'm just curious how we should think about reserve rate going forward because I think even excluding the Walmart impact, the reserve rate went higher.
Andrew Young: Sure, Sanjay. Well, let me start by covering this quarter's allowance and then I'll talk about the future. So in the quarter, as you said, first, we had the effect of Walmart, the $826 million build that we spelled out as an adjusting item. We also reserved for the growth we saw in the quarter. Beyond that coverage in card, as you referenced, grew, I think it was just over 10 basis points, which is a little over 1% of the allowance balance. And so, as part of that process each quarter, not only are we rolling forward our baseline forecast, but we're also looking at a range of macroeconomic and consumer behavior uncertainties, including things like the changing seasonal customer behavior we talked about last quarter. And so as a result, in this quarter, we increased the qualitative factors to reflect those uncertainties and that's what drove the modest increase in coverage this quarter. As I look ahead and talking conceptually here, but in a period where projected loss rates in future quarters are projected to stabilize and ultimately decline and might indicate a decline in the coverage ratio, I would say, you could very well see a coverage ratio that remains flat for some period of time as we incorporate the uncertainty of those future projections into the allowance. And in a period where forecasted losses are rising, we're quick to incorporate those higher forecasted losses and also potentially add qualitative factors for uncertainty like you saw early in the pandemic, but I would say it is unlikely to be symmetric on the way down. And so eventually, the projected stabilizing and ultimately lower losses will flow through the allowance, particularly as the uncertainties around that forecast become more certain. But at this point, I'm not going to be in the business of forecasting when that's actually going to take place for us.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Got it. And then, Rich, maybe you could just talk about the consumer and sort of the uncertainties there. Is there any discernible like change that you've seen since the last quarter in terms of the state of the consumer? We've obviously seen the spending trends sort of slow somewhat across the industry. But anything else to sort of point out?
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, I think what we see is something that's very stable. The U.S. consumer remains a source of strength in the overall economy. Of course, the labor market remains strikingly resilient. Rising incomes have kept consumer debt servicing burdens relatively low by historical standards despite high interest rates. When we look at our customers, we see that on average, they have higher bank balances than before the pandemic and this is true across income levels. On the other hand, inflation shrank real incomes for almost two years and we've only recently seen real wage growth turn positive again. And in this high interest rate environment, the cost of new borrowing has gone up in every major asset class, mortgages, auto loans, and credit cards. So we'll obviously keep an eye on that. And I think at the margin, these effects are almost certainly stretching some consumers financially. But on the whole, I think I'd say consumers are in reasonably good shape relative to most historical benchmarks. And as our credit numbers came in five months [Technical Difficulty] I'm sorry. Can you hear me? Can you still hear me? You can hear me, okay? I just had some cross message coming in on my phone. But with respect to credit, we were very pleased with the credit performance in the quarter. We had talked a bit about the seasonality, maybe people want to ask question about that, but we saw basically pulling up, we see things settling out nicely in the card business and there things are very strong in the auto business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. You may proceed.
Mihir Bhatia: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just turning to NIM for a second. With the Fed or at least expectations for rate cuts coming into view, can you just comment on the current backdrop for deposit competition? How do you -- and how do you expect deposit betas to trend during the early stages of the Fed rate cutting cycle?
Richard Fairbank: Sure, Mihir. Like, what we've seen at least within our walls and you saw it as evidence of it this quarter in a quarter where seasonally you typically see a decline in deposit balances. Looking at H8 (ph) data, we saw a few -- I think it was $4 billion of growth. We've been quite pleased over the course of the last couple of years with all of the investments we've made over many years in building a deposit franchise and are certainly benefiting from that. And so with respect to the beta going forward, first, looking at what we saw in the upcycle here in the total cumulative beta that we've seen in this cycle this quarter, I think cumulatively it was 62% and so assuming that the Fed's next move is to bring rates down. It's hard to precisely predict what's going to happen to deposit costs and therefore betas, and in particular, the pace of those declines because market dynamics, competitive pricing actions, other actions related to companies looking to potentially preserve NIM, that's going to drive betas in the future cycle. But I think you get a pretty good sense for our pricing and mix based on what you saw in the upcycle and within that backdrop that I just described, that's going to influence what happens to our beta on the way down.
Mihir Bhatia: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then just switching back to the health of the customer overall. As you look across your portfolio, we've heard a little bit of talk about pull -- people pulling back, particularly on discretionary spend and lower income cohorts, etc. Is that a dynamic you are also seeing when you look at your customer base? And then relatedly, Rich mentioned how pleased he is with the progress you're making on the higher income side, if you will, on the big -- on the transactor in that high end transactor balance side. I was just wondering, how does that change your portfolio as you think about it like over the next few years, like as you grow that book further?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, thank you so much. Just with respect to spending, we see pretty proportional movements in discretionary versus non-discretionary spending, nothing really striking there when we look at the portfolio spending metrics. The spend per customer is really pretty flat. When you see spend growth at a company like Capital One, the purchase volume growth is really being driven by the new accounts. So things are really pretty stable, flat and stable, healthy, but pretty flat on a per-customer basis. With respect to the question about the gradual transition of our portfolio to a higher end customer, let me just pull up and talk about that. We have for decades been a company that sort of serves the mass market really from the top of the credit spectrum through to even down to some subprime customers. And we have continued very consistently with this strategy, probably the most striking thing though that's happened over the last 10 or 14 years, I guess, 14 years ago is when we launched the Venture Card. We have systematically leaned into going after the top of the market, not leaving the other behind, but really as an additive strategy. And we have continued through our marketing and through the products that we're offering to just keep moving higher and higher in terms of the target customers and the traction that we're getting. And by the way, we continue even as we're growing purchase volume overall, where we see the highest growth rates in purchase volume are as we go higher in the market. So we're very happy about that. And when we think about the portfolio effects that happened there, this is one thing that we see is that payment rates have along that journey gone up quite a bit at Capital One. And when we look to see our payment rates coming back to where they were pre-pandemic, they sort of -- they probably just aren't going to return all the way because that would be a reflection of the portfolio shift. We just in general have had the kind of mix shift that you'd expect with higher payment rates and a -- just higher levels of spend, higher spend rates in the business and that's been very successful. So -- but from an outstanding's point of view, it doesn't -- the top of the market business doesn't have that much impact on outstandings because these folks generally pay in full. So when you see the outstandings movements of Capital One, it's pretty consistently driven by the mass market part of our business. It's just that inside some of the portfolio, metrics are moving because of the mix shift toward more spenders.
Mihir Bhatia: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with J.P. Morgan. You may proceed.
Richard Shane: Thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Look, given the breadth of your reach across the consumer income levels. Can you talk a little bit about sort of any patterns that you're seeing? We've heard, for example, some slowdown in spending for lower-income consumers. I'm curious, particularly you had made a comment earlier in the quarter about an increase in minimum payment rates. I'm curious if you're seeing anything in terms of payment behavior that we should consider by income level.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Okay. So let's just pull up for a minute on just talking about how the subprime consumer is holding up. So, way back in the global financial crisis, we observed that credit metrics in subprime moved earlier in both directions. Subprime, also worsened less on a percentage basis than prime, but of course, it -- in absolute delta, it still moved more. In the pandemic, subprime credit moved more and more quickly than prime. It normalized more quickly and appears to be stable and appeared basically to stabilize sooner as well. And that's in the context of lower income consumers seeing disproportionate benefits of government aid and forbearance on financial products and then the unwinding of that over time. And so subprime is, of course, not synonymous with lower income, although they're correlated and we saw these effects across credit both in talking about the credit spectrum and also the income gradients. So on the other hand, just a couple of other effects just on the credit side that have happened over the recent years. Subprime consumers have been subject to more industry credit supply, including fintech competition during and after the pandemic. So that's been something we've always kept a close eye on and worried about whether that was going to disproportionately impact the credit performance of subprime for customers. I don't really -- I mean, given the overall pretty strong performance in subprime, I think we haven't seen that effect too much. And another thing to point out is that income growth has been consistently higher for lower income consumers over the past several years and this is the opposite of what we saw during and after the global financial crisis. But while no two cycles alike -- are alike, I think again we're seeing that subprime consumers and lower income consumers again they're not the same thing, but they tend to move earlier, but not necessarily more than the overall market. Now when you -- let's talk a little bit about payment rates. So throughout the course of the pandemic, payment rates increased not only for us but across the industry. And more recently payment rates have drifted down from pandemic highs as the effects of stimulus have waned. And the payment rates generally we have seen this effect, so the effect that we've seen of payment rates going down relative to where they were, one to two years ago relative to their peak basically. In every part of our business, they have come down, but are still above where they were pre-pandemic. And again, I think part of that is the mix effect that we talked about in the prior question. There is a mix effect not only across our whole portfolio but even within the segments of our portfolio, we just had more emphasis on the spender side versus the revolver side internally. And so I think you see some of that showing up in the metrics. One other thing I want to say is that talk about your question about minimum payments. So we have simultaneously -- we're sort of seeing an effect where payment rates while they're going down, continue to be well above pre-pandemic levels, even as minimum -- the percentage of customers paying minimum payments. This by the way is not a subprime effect. This is a portfolio effect I'm talking about. The percent of customers paying minimum payments is also somewhat above pre-pandemic levels. Now, it seems a little odd to have both of those effects happening at the same time. But I think in many ways this is a very natural way that normalization is happening. And you've heard us talk for a long time now about what we call the delayed charge-off effect in consumer credit that so many customers got stimulus and forbearance that I think a lot of people who otherwise would have charged off were able to avoid that charge-off. Many, hopefully, we're able to permanently avoid that, but for some, we have believed it was more of a deferral of an inevitability and this phenomenon of delayed charge-offs, which can't be separately measured, we believe is a driving factor behind why credit has been settling out higher than pre-pandemic. Because I think there's just a delayed charge-off effect for some of these customers who otherwise would have charged off earlier. And that then would be consistent with a very healthy consumer payment rates generally even being higher than pre-pandemic, but there is a tail of consumers paying a higher percentage on minimum payments, and some of them going through a charge-off that might have otherwise happened a few years earlier.
Richard Shane: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. You may proceed.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good afternoon, Rich. So maybe to ask about marketing. So I think you’re -- the guide that you provided said around $2.6 billion roughly of marketing spend in the second half. And you talked a little bit about the competitive intensity in the top of the market is increasing. Can you maybe just talk about how much of the increase in marketing is being driven by the -- investing more to acquire more customers versus competition pushing up the cost to acquire? And then just given what you just talked about around low end consumers, are you pulling back and else anywhere to cover the increased cost of acquiring?
Richard Fairbank: Ryan, our -- yeah, our comments about the competitive intensity, let me just elaborate a little bit more about that. The card business is very competitively intense across the spectrum, it's been consistently intense. Competition has -- competition in things like rewards have certainly heated up over the last couple of years. And the thing that I was pointing out is just something that again is not something that is like the realization of the last month or so. It's a phenomenon we've seen from some -- for some time but it is striking which is at the very top of the market. We are seeing for the -- especially a couple of competitors that we have that most intensely play at the very top of the market, you can just absolutely see they are stepping up, investing more in lounges, in experiences, in dining, investing in companies, marketing levels, it's -- I'm sure all the investors can see it. We can all see it and they talk about it. And it's not lost on us that these are strong competitors and we certainly, have -- we already have had very important investment plans in these areas and we note that others are investing heavily too. So, but with respect to the -- let me just now kind of pull up now and just talk about the marketing sort of where we are from a marketing point of view. We continue to see great opportunities and really across our businesses, we remain very excited about the success of our origination activities, especially in our card products and channels and of course, what's happening in the bank. The two big areas that are driven by marketing spend. This continues to be powered by our technology transformation. And just to savor a little bit because we often point at that, why does the technology transformation help here? It gives us the ability to leverage more and more data and machine-learning models to identify the most attractive growth opportunities. And it allows us to increasingly tailor our solutions to -- down to the individual customer level to ensure that we're meeting them right where we are. So kind of the first point I would say and the key reason we're leaning into the marketing is, we are getting a lot of traction and that our tech transformation is certainly helping to power more opportunities. Secondly, we continue to expand on our success in building a franchise at the top of the market and with heavy spenders in this quest, while for years we've been talking about going after the top of the market every year as we get more traction, we reach just a little bit higher. These customers are very attractive. In addition to the obvious spend growth, they generate strong revenue, very low losses, low attrition, and the business helps elevate our brand really across the company. Now it's also something that we've known all along is that it's expensive and requires quite a bit of investment to build a business at the top of the market. In the form of upfront costs and also in the form of a sustained commitment to customer benefits and experiences and building a brand. So, yeah, you have early spend bonuses that are important cost of doing business that shows up in the marketing line item. Brand makes a huge difference and brand of course requires a long-term commitment to build. And as we continue to move up the market, we are moving increasingly into areas where consumers are looking for exclusive services and experiences that aren't available in the general marketplaces such as -- place such as airport lounges and access to select properties and iconic experiences. So we've seen at the top of the market our two biggest competitors really lean in here. And we -- when we certainly are leaning in as well, Ryan, I wouldn't -- there are some times I've seen over the years that marketing levels just rise and so you just got to market more and more and more just to hold your own. And I don't feel that we're in an environment like this. I feel that the -- certainly competitive intensity is increasing. But when we're talking about in general in the card business where competitive intensity is increasing a bit, and specifically with respect to these investments at the top of the market. These are just important things that we have to build to win at the top of the market, but we are very pleased with the traction we're getting, the economics of our heavy spender business. And so this is -- we just -- it's just not lost on us, a couple of our other competitors are very focused on the same thing. So we continue to lean into growth here, both in terms of upfront customer acquisition and our ongoing investment in brand and exclusive experiences and benefits. Now, let me now turn to the third part of our marketing story, which is our investment in building our national bank. So this has been a journey that we've been on for many, many years. When we bought ING Direct way back in 2012, we said this is going to be not only a great financial acquisition, but it's going to be a transformational strategic acquisition. Because now as a player with a significant branch network and a national direct bank, we have the building blocks to build a unique national bank. And that's what we're building, a digital first national bank. We've got smaller physical branch network. So we lean more on our cafe network, which is in cafes in 21 of the top 25 MSAs. Lean very heavily into our digital experiences and really importantly without a branch on every corner across the United States. The role for Capital One that marketing and brand play in building this national banking business is absolutely a central role. So we are very pleased with the growth that we're getting, the traction, the performance of this business and the opportunity just gets bigger when we think about in the context of the combined entity now joining force with Discover. So these are the compelling opportunities behind our marketing growth and we continue to feel really good about the success and the opportunities in front of us. And that's why we are leaning in very much into the marketing and specifically with respect to the rest of the year, why we pointed to. And of course, virtually every year at Capital One, the second half of the year has quite a bit more marketing than the first half. We pointed to the pattern kind of like what we saw last year in terms of proportional increases in marketing. Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Thanks for the color.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research Securities. You may proceed.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich and Andrew. Following up on your credit commentary, there had been an expectation among many investors that we would see peak charge-offs somewhere around the second half of this year, given the delinquency trends that you're seeing. Is that a reasonable expectation? And if so, it seems like your credit outlook has derisked somewhat given an improving loss trajectory, but higher reserve rate driven by qualitative factors. Is that a fair thought process? I'll just ask my follow-up as part of this. You mentioned, Andrew, that your capital return is subject to Fed approval, given the pending acquisition. How should we think about the pace of incremental buybacks as we look ahead through rest of the year? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Bill, yeah, let me make a couple of comments on credit. Let me seize a moment in the spirit of Henry Kissinger who says, I hope you have questions for my answers. I -- let me just ask myself a question, so I can answer it because it's going to -- it's set the table for answering your question. Which you may remember last quarter, we pointed at tax refund patterns and said that there may be a new seasonality pattern emerging and it would be too early to call that but it was making it a little bit -- things were not following as closely on a month-by-month basis to some pre-pandemic delinquency patterns that our hypothesis was three months ago that we're seeing a tax refund effect. So let me just talk about that for a second and then Bill, I'll pull up and talk about just sort of what does this mean for sort of how I feel about where we are with respect to credit. So, the -- let's just talk for a second about how seasonality works. We've always seen seasonal credit patterns in our card business and our portfolio trend, they have in generally been more -- they've had more pronounced seasonal patterns than the industry average. I think that's because we have a higher subprime component and those customers are even more linked I think to the seasonal patterns associated with tax refunds, that would be our hypothesis there. Now the second quarter tends to be the seasonal low point for delinquencies and Q4 tends to be the seasonal high point for delinquencies. Card losses lag relative to delinquencies, the losses tend to be seasonally lowest in the third quarter and highest in the first quarter. Now, we believe that tax refunds, again are a significant driver of these seasonal trends. And tax refunds drive a large seasonal improvement in delinquent payments in the February, March time period, which then flows through to lower delinquencies in April and May and then to lower charge-offs. And tax refunds also drive a seasonal uptick in our recoveries. So the tax code actually new tax withholding rules went into effect way back in 2020. They were passed in 2019, went into effect in 2020, but the pandemic and the normalization since then have kind of swamped seasonality. So we haven't really got -- been able to get a really good read at it -- of it. So we've tended to benchmark to the seasonality of pre-pandemic like 2018 and 2019. But we've now had several more months to look at this pattern and we're seeing a pattern. Well, let me back up. What we've done is what we call de-trending of our credit metrics. So we in hindsight, take the trends out of them to the best we can, so we can see what the net seasonality effects are. And on a detrended basis, last year showed a seasonality with less amplitude on the high side and the low side than had previously been seen pre-pandemic. We assumed that was probably again a manifestation of the new behaviors going in with the new tax refunds. As we now have seen this tax season play out, the seasonality, the payment patterns have been very close to our de-trended 2023 line, so that we believe that we are seeing and it's very plausible, we are seeing a new seasonality. I just want to share that with investors. So later tax refunds and later and lower sort of -- lower the seasonal improvement in delinquencies. But we think the seasonal increase in delinquencies that we see in the back half of the year, likely will also be less pronounced going forward than it has been in the past. All of this by the way happens in auto seasonality but in an even faster, more concentrated way. So we -- what we see, we felt it was a little bit noisy. Last quarter when we were talking to you, we were finding each quarter things were coming in a little bit. I mean, the second derivative was still doing great things. But relative to our sort of close in expectations based on seasonality, things were a little bit off. With the revised seasonality, what we see is things very nicely settling out in card credit. And we feel very good about the last couple of months that came in relative to that new seasonality curve. So I think settling out is the real word from here. Given that from -- but to your question about peak, we're not really going to -- we're not giving really forward guidance about declarations at peak. But from a seasonal point of view, things should head down from here in Q3, and then sort of pop up around October. October is often a month, we tend to get just a little bit of an October surprise, so we'll keep an eye on that. But the other thing I just want to say about credit is our recoveries inventory is starting to rebuild and that should be a gradual tailwind to our losses over time, all else being equal. And then other than the economy, I think the other real factor that's going to drive credit performance for us and other issuers in the next couple of years will be, what is the size of this delayed charge-off effect from the pandemic. Thank you.
Andrew Young: Okay. And then, Bill, well, with respect to the derisk comment, Rich just provide a lot of color on our view of losses. I would just say, given the accounting rules, we forecast losses under a variety of scenarios and use qualitative factors for uncertainties around that. And I would say, therefore, like we are appropriately reserved for all of that. With respect to your question around repurchases, I'll just note, our agreement with Discover doesn't prohibit us from buying shares. The only restriction is that we'll need to be out of the market during the S-4 proxy vote period. However, we are not operating under the SCB. As I said in my prepared remarks and we laid out in the last Q, the announcement of the intention to acquire Discover did constitute a material business change. And therefore, like we did in this recent quarter, in the second quarter, we're subject to Fed pre-approval of our capital actions until the merger approval process has concluded. And so that's what's going to dictate the pace at which we repurchase until that process has concluded.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. You may proceed.
Don Fandetti: Yes. Rich, can you talk a bit about how you're seeing loan growth in auto? And also as banks potentially come back in, are you seeing or worried about spread or yield compression on new originations?
Richard Fairbank: So, hey, Don, it's an interesting thing. We always seem to zag while others -- zig while others zag in the auto business. As we discussed in the last quarter, we have an optimistic outlook on the auto business. We're seeing a lot of success in the auto business and our investments in infrastructure are also reaping a lot of benefits for us. So just on the numbers, our originations grew 21% versus last year in Q1 and the trend continues in Q2 with 18% growth on the year-over-year quarter. And the loss performance has normalized and it's stable. We -- very importantly, we made -- intervened and made an adjustment for what we felt was credit score inflation that was happening during the pandemic. And so we pulled back in '22 and '23 by just in a sense, worsening the otherwise scores one would see under a belief that they were artificially inflated. And that enabled our vintages all through this period of time, '22, '23, and all through the normalization to perform very well. We like the economics of the loans were originated and we're very satisfied with the performance of the overall portfolio. So when we think about the headwinds in the business, interest rates remain high. And of course, that along with high vehicle values continues to pressure affordability. And auto, used car prices, which are still high relative to historical standards, they are probably in a position to gradually be coming down. So we'll have to keep an eye on that. For a long time, we were concerned about the margins in the business because competitors had not passed through higher interest rates into the cost of the auto loans. We pulled back quite a bit, Don, as you remember during that period of time. We have seen those margins basically return to where they were. So I think that's a pretty good sign there. So all things considered, with a watchful eye on used car values, we are seeing enhanced opportunities in the auto business with margins that have a good resilience to them and quite a bit improved relative to the period where we were raising the alarm bells a bit about what was happening to the effective resilience in that business. Thank you.
Don Fandetti: Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question this evening comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with TD Cowen. You may proceed.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. When you talked about the increase in the reserve rate, not the dollars or the reserve, not the Walmart piece, but the reserve rate itself. Andrew, you didn't mention like mix of receivables. Is it -- has there been any shift towards mass market or subprime from super prime within the card business?
Andrew Young: Not in any material way that would have a significant impact on the allowance, Moshe.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. Okay. And just as a follow-up, Rich, given what's happened with Walmart and the pending Discover acquisition, could you talk a little about your thoughts on the partner or private label business kind of in the current environment? Like what are your thoughts now in terms of your existing contracts and the tendency to want to get new ones or any thoughts on that in this environment?
Richard Fairbank: So, thank you. I think the -- well, the Walmart partnership is a very unique one, that I think there is not a lot to extrapolate to other partners on that. I think we've ended up in a situation there where we -- the loss share was a very good thing. So we're going to be carrying around loss rates that are something on the order of 40 basis points higher on our portfolio for that. So we'll have to just make sure we all see that, but we've got the full economics on the business increasingly that portfolio -- the portfolio we inherited is now very seasoned and the rest of it is the portfolio we ourselves originated. So we know it well. And I think that we feel very good about that. So the partnership business is a very partner-by-partner business. I think where people get into trouble is feeling they've got to drive to a certain scale. We all know scale matters in the credit card business and scale matters in the partnership business. But here's the thing, we have certainly learned over time how unique or how individual different partnerships are. And we've seen great ones, we've seen not so great ones. Here is Moshe, what we -- if I pull up on the patterns of what we most look for. It's first of all a healthy franchise, a company that is itself healthy and that's certainly a good sign. Now the credit card business does have a pretty good default structure whereby if a partner runs into trouble and can't continue, we inherit the portfolio, which now Walmart of course is a very strong company, but we're -- here's an example of inheriting a portfolio, where I think things are going to continue very successfully there. But the other thing that we really look for is what is the reason that the partner is driving this either co-brand or private-label business. Is it to -- is the -- on one end of a continuum is it’s the sheer quest for profits? And on the other end of the continuum, it is having the card partnership at the -- as a centerpiece in driving a franchise. And the behaviors that a partner has, the incentives that get baked into programs, they tend to be very driven by where on that continuum one is. We've walked away from a lot of opportunities over the years where things were just too focused on the card partnership as sort of the means to drive profit for the partner at more so than a way to really build a franchise. But those are some of the patterns, there are always exceptions to every rules -- for every rule. But -- so we're still very much a believer in the card partnership business, but the key is, we're going to be selective and never knowing that it's an auction based business, that's the other thing. One has to really be willing to walk away when the price is right. So with that, those are my thoughts, Moshe.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich, and thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Capital One Q1 2024 Earnings Call. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Josh, and welcome to everyone. We are webcasting live over the internet this evening. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2024 results.
 With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through this presentation.
 To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website and click on Investors and click on Financials and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials, and Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
 Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section called Forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One's website and filed with the SEC.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rich -- to Andrew, Mr. Young? 
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the first quarter, Capital One earned $1.3 billion or $3.13 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the quarter was a $42 million additional accrual for our updated estimate of the FDIC special assessment.
 Net of this adjusting item, first quarter earnings per share were $3.21. Relative to the prior quarter, period-end loans held for investment decreased 2% and  period-end deposits increased 1%. Both average loans and average deposits were flat. Our percentage of FDIC insured deposits remained at 82% of total deposits. Pre-provision earnings in the first quarter increased 13% from the fourth quarter or 6% adjusting for the impacts of FDIC special assessments in both quarters.
 Revenue in the linked quarter declined 1%, largely driven by lower noninterest income. Noninterest expense decreased 6% on an adjusted basis, driven by declines in both operating and marketing expenses. Our provision for credit losses was $2.7 billion in the quarter, a decrease of $174 million compared to the prior quarter. The decrease was driven by $57 million lower net reserve build, partially offset by an $83 million increase in net charge-offs.
 Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the allowance in greater detail. We built $91 million in allowance this quarter, bringing the balance to $15.4 billion, an increase of less than 1% from the fourth quarter. The slight increase in allowance balance was driven by modest builds in our Auto and Domestic Card portfolios. Our total portfolio coverage ratio increased 11 basis points to 4.88%. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5.
 Our baseline economic forecast modestly improved this quarter compared to what we assumed last quarter, which generally aligns with consensus. We continue to consider a range of economic outcomes in our reserving process. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance coverage ratio increased by 22 basis points to 7.85%. The increase in coverage was primarily driven by the denominator effect of the runoff of the fourth quarter's seasonal outstandings.
 In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance increased by $46 million, resulting in a 7 basis point increase to the coverage ratio. The allowance increase was primarily driven by a higher level of originations in the Auto Finance business. And finally, our Commercial Banking allowance decreased by $7 million, primarily driven by portfolio contraction. Coverage ratio increased by 1 basis point to 1.72%. 
 Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter increased to $127 billion, about $7 billion higher than last quarter. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $51 billion, up about $8 billion from the prior quarter. The increase in cash was driven by continued strong deposit growth in our retail banking business and the seasonality of our card balances. Our average liquidity coverage ratio during the first quarter remained strong and well above regulatory minimums at 164%. 
 Turning to Page 7, I'll cover our net interest margin. Our first quarter net interest margin was 6.69%, 4 basis points lower than last order and 9 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decrease in NIM was largely driven by the impact of having 1 fewer day in the quarter. Modestly higher asset yields were mostly offset by higher funding costs in the quarter.
 Turning to Slide 8, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 13.1%, approximately 20 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Strong earnings and lower risk-weighted assets more than offset the impact of CECL phase in dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased approximately $100 million of shares in the first quarter. Our repurchase activity in the quarter was impacted by blackout restrictions and daily purchase volume limitations related to the announcement of the Discover transaction.
 With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich? 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows first quarter results in our Credit Card business. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. Top line growth trends in the Domestic Card business remained strong in the first quarter. Year-over-year purchase volume growth for the first quarter was 6%. 
 Ending loan balances increased $12.9 billion or about 10% year-over-year. Average loans increased 11%, and first quarter revenue was up 12% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. The charge-off rate for the quarter was up 190 basis points year-over-year to 5.94%, about 18% above its pre-pandemic level in the first quarter of 2019. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end increased 82 basis points from the prior year to 4.48%. 
 On a sequential quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 59 basis points, and the 30-plus delinquency rate was down 13 basis points. The linked-quarter delinquency and charge-off rate trends were modestly worse than what we would expect from normal seasonality. We believe this is largely driven by lower and later tax refund payments to consumers so far in 2024, relative to what we've historically observed.
 Tax refunds are an important factor in credit seasonality. Each year, they drive an improvement in delinquency payments and recoveries starting in February.  Our portfolio trends generally have a more pronounced seasonal pattern than the industry average. Last quarter, our view was that the charge-off rate was settling out about 15% above 2019 levels in the near term. That was based on an extrapolation of our delinquency inventory and flow rates over 3 to 6 months, and that was the horizon of our estimate.
 If the trend of lower tax refunds sustains, it could raise the level of charge-off somewhat in the near term but this does not change our view that credit is settling out modestly above pre pandemic levels in 2018 and 2019. The continuing deceleration in the pace of credit normalization trends sometimes referred to as the improving second derivative supports our view.  The pace of year-over-year increases in both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate have been steadily declining for several quarters and continued to shrink in the first quarter.
 Domestic Card noninterest expense was up 6% compared to the first quarter of 2023, with increases in both operating expense and marketing expense. Total company marketing expense of about $1 billion for the quarter was up 13% year-over-year. Total company marketing drives growth and builds franchise in our Domestic Card and Consumer Banking businesses and builds and leverages the value of our brand. Our choices in Domestic Card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation.
 Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the domestic Card business. And in the first quarter, Domestic Card marketing also included higher early spend businesses driven by strong new account growth, higher media spend and increased marketing for franchise enhancements like our travel portal, airport lounges and Capital One shopping. We continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient growth and enhance our Domestic Card franchise.  
 As always, we're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks.
 Slide 12 shows first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the first quarter, Auto originations increased 21% from the prior year quarter, a return to growth after several quarters of year-over-year declines. Consumer Banking ending loans decreased about $3.1 billion or 4% year-over-year, on a linked quarter basis ending loans were essentially flat. We posted another quarter of year-over-year growth in consumer deposits. First quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up just under $10 billion or 3% year-over-year.
 Compared to the sequential quarter, ending deposits were up about 2%. Average deposits were up 6% year-over-year and up 1% from the sequential quarter, powered by our modern technology and leading digital capabilities our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to deliver strong consumer deposit growth. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was down about 13% year-over-year, largely driven by lower auto loan balances and higher deposit costs.
 Noninterest expense was down about 3% compared to the first quarter of 2023. Lower operating expenses were partially offset by an increase in marketing to support our national digital bank. The Auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.99%,  up 46 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 5.28%, up 28 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the linked quarter, the charge-off rate was down 20 basis points, while the 30-plus delinquency rate was down 106 basis points. The linked-quarter charge-off rate improvement modestly underperformed the typical seasonal patterns we've historically observed driven by the tax refund trends I just discussed. Even with the tax refund effects, auto credit performance remains strong.
 Slide 13 shows first quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter ending loan balances decreased about 1%. Average loans were also down about 1%. The modest declines are largely the result of choices we made in 2023 to tighten credit. Ending deposits were down about 5% from the linked quarter. Average deposits were down about 8%. The declines are largely driven by our continued choices to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances. First quarter revenue was up 2% from the linked quarter. Noninterest expense was up about 6%. 
 The Commercial Banking annualized net charge-off rate for the first quarter decreased 40 basis points from the sequential quarter to 0.13%. The Commercial Banking criticized performing loan rate was 8.39%  down 42 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized nonperforming loan rate increased 44 basis points to 1.28%.  Commercial credit risks continue to be most pronounced in the commercial office portfolio, which is less than 1% of total company loan balances.
 In closing, we continued to deliver strong results in the first quarter. We posted another quarter of top line growth in Domestic Card revenue, purchase volume and loans. Domestic Card credit trends continue to stabilize and Auto credit trends remained stable and in line with normal seasonal patterns. We grew consumer deposits and we added liquidity and maintain capital to further strengthen our already strong and resilient balance sheet. Over the last decade, we've driven significant operating efficiency improvement even as we've invested to transform our technology, and we continue to drive for efficiency improvement over time.
 For the full year 2024, we continue to expect annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments to be flat to modestly down compared to 2023.  Our expectation includes the partial year impact of the proposed CFPB late fee rule, assuming the rule takes effect in October 2024. The timing of the new rule remains uncertain. If the rule were to take effect at an earlier date, it would be a headwind to the 2024 operating efficiency ratio.
 Of course, the biggest news in the quarter was our announcement that we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Discover. We've submitted our application for regulatory approval and we're fully mobilized to plan and deliver a successful integration. The combination of Capital One and Discover creates game changing strategic opportunities. The Discover payment  position Capital One as a more diversified, vertically integrated global payments platform and adding Capital One's debit spending and a growing portion of Credit Card purchase volume to the Discover network will add significant scale, increasing the network's value to merchants, small businesses and consumers and driving enhanced network growth.
 In the Credit Card business, we're bringing together 2 proven franchises with complementary strategy and a shared focus on the customer. And we can accelerate the growth of our national digital first consumer banking business by adding the Discover's consumer deposit franchise and the vertical integration benefits of the debt network.
 We will be able to leverage and scale the benefits of our 11 years transformation across every business and the network, which will serve as the catalyst for innovation and enhanced capabilities in risk management and compliance underwriting marketing and customer service.
 Pulling way up, the acquisition of Discover is a singular opportunity. It will create Consumer Banking and global payments platform with unique capability, modern technology, powerful brands and a franchise of more than 100 million customers. It delivers compelling financial results and it offers the potential to create significant value for merchants and customers, and an unparalleled strategic and economic upside over the long term.
 And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff? 
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start Q&A session there. [Operator Instructions] 
 Josh, please start the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: So Rich, maybe just start off on credit.  It sounds like you're running a little bit ahead of what you had outlined in the last quarter. But when you put aside the time the tax refund, maybe just talk about what you're seeing from the consumer? And do you think we've now reached the inflection where we can more closely follow seasonal patterns? And once the noise settles, do you think we're kind of back at that 15% level that you had outlined? 
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Ryan. Look, I think that the story continues to be one of -- well, in terms of -- there's sort of the consumer itself. Let's just talk about the consumer for a second and then let's talk about Capital One's credit performance but just the health of the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer remains a source of strength in the economy. The labor market remains strikingly resilient.  Rising incomes have kept consumer debt servicing burdens relatively low by historical standards. And when we look at our customers, we see that they have higher bank balances than before the pandemic, and this is true across income levels.
 On the other hand, of course, inflation shrank real incomes for almost 2 years. And in this high interest rate environment, the cost of new borrowing has gone up in every major asset class. And I think at the margin, these effects stretch some consumers financially. So -- but on the whole, I'd say consumers are in reasonably good shape relative -- pretty strong shape relative to historical benchmarks. So in terms of Capital One's performance, we continue to see a settling out. We consider -- we believe that for Capital One, I can't speak for all card issuers but we definitely have seen what we think is sort of a landing.
 And our -- so we feel very good about where the credit is. The point that I wanted to make about the tax refunds, let's just pull up for a second on that. The tax refunds are something that nobody knows for sure exactly what's behind seasonality but I think it's a -- we believe, a very important driver of seasonality. It's a bigger effect for us than other players because I think cash refunds just play a little bit bigger role in -- collectively across our customer base.
 So the tax refunds in the very near-term effect credit performance, Ryan, what you're referring to the 15% guidance that we gave, that was not an annual guidance number that was saying, if we just extrapolate in the very near window of just what we see in terms of delinquencies and delinquency roll rates. That's where we would see charge-offs, and charge-offs tend to be higher in the first half of the year. So what we're doing is giving a window to the higher part of charge-offs for the year, and we were saying they were settling out looked like around 15% above 2019 levels.
 Part of that -- and so basically, what I'm saying is that includes our assumptions about what happens with tax refund and the seasonality effect. As we can see in the government data, tax refunds are lower and later than by historical patterns. And so that affects our near-term credit performance. And actually, we often talk about, well, isn't the 6-month window basically once charge-offs start bubbling and going through the roll rate buckets we can pretty much see where charge-offs are going. Tax refunds actually affect the payment rates in every bucket.
 So our point was in the very near term, it actually leads to a bit of a higher charge-off rate than we had guided to over that near window. But that doesn't change our view that credit has settled out but the 15% was not a guidance for the year. We haven't really given credit guidance for the year. What we're really saying is we have seen credit settle out but we wanted to just flag that both in the Credit Card business and in our Auto business while credit continues to be very strong, and you've seen things like really improving delinquencies, we just wanted to point out that in the very near term, relative to what we have seen in terms of historical seasonality and kind of confirmed by what we watch as the patterns of tax refunds, there is -- it's coming in lower and later. And we just wanted to flag that effect because it affects the very near-term numbers that we cited earlier. 
Ryan Nash: Got it. Maybe as my quick follow-up for Andrew. I guess, given Rich's answer, what does that mean for the trajectory of the allowance? It seems like we've heard a handful of other issuers talk about us being at the peak or maybe even coming down and potentially being below where it ended the prior year. Can you maybe just talk about what you think this means for Capital One, given your credit expectations? 
Andrew Young: Yes. Sure, Ryan. I'd like to say from my perspective that there's a simple answer but there's not. And then there's a host of things that are going to drive allowance from here, not the least of which is growth, but just focusing on coverage and assuming that's what others are pointing to. The first thing I'd highlight and I said in my talking points that fourth quarter had seasonal balances, they quickly pay off in the first quarter and therefore, have negligible coverage, which we see every year.
 So the coverage ratio this quarter up a bit from last quarter is really a result of that dynamic. But if you look at coverage ratio now, it's largely in line with the preceding quarters, I mean, the biggest driver as we look ahead, are the projected loss rates. And as we've been saying for a number of quarters, delinquencies are the best leading indicator of that. And so every quarter, we're going to look out over the next 12 months and then the reversion from there. And we're going to take into account a range of outcomes and uncertainties. And so you've seen over the last few quarters, keeping the coverage ratio flat. I will note, though, even in a period where projected losses in future quarters are lower than today and might indicate a release otherwise, you could very well see a coverage ratio that remains flat or only modestly declined as we incorporate the uncertainty of that future projection into the allowance.
 And so eventually, the projected losses will -- when they're lower will flow through the allowance and bring the coverage ratio down as those uncertainties become more certain. And under that scenario, you would see a decline. But at this point, like I'm not going to be in the forecasting business of when that actually is going to take into account because, like I said, we really need to take the factor of uncertainty as we look ahead every quarter that we go through the reserving process. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. 
Mihir Bhatia: Rich, if I could switch for a second to the Discover acquisition. There's been a lot of talk around deal approval, particularly focusing around potential antitrust issues within the Card business. And I was wondering if you could share your thoughts and perspective on that issue if you've heard anything from regulators but also just to hear how you are thinking about that issue? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Mihir. So we have filed our merger applications with both the Fed and the OCC and we are engaged with the -- sorry, with the DOJ as they, of course, play a key role in advising the Fed and the OCC on competition questions. We believe our applications make a very compelling case for approval. We believe strongly that this merger will increase competition among banks and credit card issuers and payment networks, and provide significant benefits for consumers, merchants and the communities that we serve. While some have raised concerns about competition, we believe that the facts in favor of the deal will be compelling.
 On the network side, let's remember that we're not currently in that business. If the deal is approved,  we will still have 4 networks just like we do today but we will be adding new customers and scale to the smallest by far of the 4 networks and be able to leverage our technology talent and marketing capabilities to greatly enhance Discovery's competitive viability. Their market share was 6% a decade ago and sits at just 4% today. The significant investments that we are planning will provide substantial benefits for consumers and merchants as we've outlined in our regulatory applications.
 On the Credit Card side, the regulators have found every time they've studied it that the credit card market is highly competitive and not at all concentrated. In fact, it's less concentrated today than it was 10 years ago. Consumers can choose from over 4,000 issuers, all able to offer products with similar capabilities. Imagine this, a card issued by a small credit union can be used every place that a card issued by a bank like Capital One can be used, anywhere in the world, that kind of level playing field doesn't exist in any other industry and certainly not in airlines or grocery stores or many of the others. There's a reason that we ask folks what's in your wallet. We compete not only with these 4,000 other issuers to gain your business in the first place but also with every other card you likely already own. Put another way, we have to compete every day for every single transaction because our customers can simply choose at any moment to use another card. And if they don't like the card they have, they can stop using it entirely or close the account or switch to another card with another bank, large or small, in minutes.
 We also believe that the facts will show that there are no barriers to entry in the credit card business as thousands of current issuers and the new ones are forming all the time demonstrate. New and incumbent fintechs backed by significant VC funding are able to leverage the infrastructure of sort of credit card as a service players like Marqeta to achieve instant scale and high growth.
 Also, any existing bank can choose where in the credit spectrum they play simply by changing their credit policy. Let's also remember that consumers can choose to use another form of payment entirely, cash, debit or buy now pay later, which has exploded onto the marketplace. New fintechs are entering the payments in small-dollar credit space every day all looking to take market share from traditional credit card players like Capital One. We faced this competition for years and we'll continue to face it in the future. It's powerful evidence of a healthy and fiercely competitive marketplace.  But we have been successful by focusing on the needs of our customers and offering credit card and retail banking products with the most straightforward terms and fewest fees in the industry. We're the only major bank where all of our deposit products come with no fees, no minimums and no overdraft fees.
 So pulling way up,  we believe the facts will show that this transaction is both pro-competitive and pro-consumer, bringing our best-in-class products and services to a broader set of consumers and small businesses and greatly enhancing opportunities and benefits for merchants. In the end, that is what we believe the regulators will use their very vigorous process to evaluate. 
Mihir Bhatia: Got it. That is helpful. Just turning back to the health of the consumer for a second for my follow-up. If you could just talk a little bit about the environment for card acquisitions, you did mention, I think, that the growth you see good growth opportunities in the card business. So wondering if you can expand on that. Maybe talk about just some of the puts and takes as you consider where to make those investments? Are there parts of the market where you're being more cautious given the environment? 
Richard Fairbank: Mihir, we are leaning in pretty much across the board in the card business, powered by a healthy consumer and the traction that we're getting in our business, we are really all parts of the card business are seeing very nice account originations, seeing good traction on the purchase volume side. And -- so it's very much a positive time for leaning in, as you see reflected in our marketing, as you see reflected in some of the growth numbers, and as I see in numbers behind the numbers that you see, just a lot of traction. And just -- let's just savor for a second, some of the things that are powering that are 2 things that I would flag is: one, the continued investment that we are making to win at the top of the market. And I think that not only affects our success at the top of the market but I really believe there's a lifting of all boats from those investments and that traction there.
 Also we continue to just have a lot of success powered by our technology transformation, including not only the customer experience and some of the product capabilities that we're able to offer but really impacts on the whole way that we run the business and very notably on the credit and marketing side of the business, the ability to create mass customized offerings and real-time solutions just enables us to have more traction on the growth side.
 Also, I just want to say that we also are pleased to see things picking up in the Auto business and also we continue to have a lot of traction on our national bank. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. 
Richard Shane: Rich, I want to make sure I fully understand what you're describing in terms of credit. The framework is that charge-off rates will be about 15% higher than '18, '19 levels in the near term. But now with tax refunds, it might be a little bit higher than that, that over time, it will converge back towards slightly above '18, '19 levels. When I look at the delinquencies. And 1 of the things we've observed is that role from delinquency to charge-off is actually higher than it has been pretty much at any time in recent history. Does that suggest that delinquencies actually need to get back below '18, '19 levels to achieve that level of charge-off performance? 
Richard Fairbank: So Rick, there's a lot. First of all, let me clarify some of the things that you were saying weren't exactly I think as we intended to state them. So let me just -- so we talked about -- so yes, we talked about credit. We're saying credit settling out. We said in the very near term, where charge-offs are tend to be higher in the first half of the year. In the near term, based on extrapolation from delinquency buckets and roll rates we would expect them to settle out at 15% higher than pre-pandemic. That was a near-term forecast. That was not an annual forecast. And then you -- just to clarify your comments that, and over time, it will converge back to slightly above 2018 and 2019. I just want to say those are your words, not ours. We have not given guidance on full year charge-offs. We tend not generally to give guidance on full year charge-offs. But we very much like to give you the feel of how things are going.
 So we are very much see credit settling out. You can see that the trends that continue on the second derivative of delinquencies, and that's a very positive thing. The -- there's another factor that affects charge-offs, which is recoveries. And the recoveries have been -- we've been saying for quite some time, recoveries are lower than usual because of the very low charge-offs we saw over the past 3 years. So that all else equal, pushes up net losses relative to pre-pandemic levels. And that impacts probably larger and more prolonged for us than for some of our competitors because we tend to have higher recovery rates than the industry probably as a result of our business mix and our strategy, and we tend to work most of our recoveries in-house rather than selling debt. So we see a longer tail of recoveries from past charge-offs than most do.
 So by the way, the recoveries, we had talked about recoveries. There probably sort of been at their bottom in terms of that brown out and over time probably heading in a more positive direction. But that also impacts the relationship between charge-offs, prepandemic and where they are today. So pulling way up, we don't have guidance for credit for the year. We continue to be very happy about charge-offs the way after years of -- after a long period of normalization, that charge-offs are settling out. We've given -- we just wanted to flag that the seasonality, let's just comment -- let's just pause for a second on the seasonality. It still remains to be seen whether the tax refunds are just lower end of story or whether they're later The key thing right now is they are lower cumulatively than they have been -- than they were pre-pandemic for this period of time. And what will take a look at is how it plays out from here to see how much was just later and how much was lower.
 But what we're saying is, to the extent that it's lower than that impacts in the very near term the charge-off numbers that we had talked about before. But it doesn't change our view about Credit settling out. It doesn't change our view about very positively about the Consumer, about Credit performance, but it's just something we wanted to flag across both the Credit Card and Auto business. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. 
John Pancari: I guess back to the Discover combination, any update to your thoughts around the timing of the deal close? I know the Fed, the OCC just extended the comment period. And I know you put out there, you expect late '24, early '25. So any change in terms of your expectation around the timing of the close or any of the key financial metrics that you set out? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, John. So let me comment on the Federal Reserve and the OCC extending the comment period. It's standard practice for the Federal Reserve to extend the comment period on bank mergers. We expected the extension and we don't take any signaling on our deal from the Fed's decision here. So with respect to the overall timing, the Fed and the OCC typically take several months to work through bank merger applications in consultation with the DOJ on competition questions and they engage frequently with our team along the way. And of course, that process is underway. And we continue to have the same views about the timing of all of this that we did at the time of the announcement. 
John Pancari: Okay. Okay. Great. And then separately, just regarding the -- your expectation on the CET1 front for a pro forma CET1 ratio of about just shy of 14%. Any change to that expectation? And any change to your thoughts around buyback activity in the near term? Could you remain active on that front? 
Andrew Young: Yes, John, with respect to the deal, I'll just say, as we talked about when we announced it, we, at the time, used a blend of consensus estimates of where we would have the CET1 at the time of close. There's a number of variables that are going to move between now and in legal day 1, not just the stand-alone performance of each of our companies but balance sheet marks, some of which are driven by credit and stock price. And so I'm not going to be in the business of sort of recasting every time a little number moves. But I will say our valuation of the deal considered a wide range of outcomes. And so we remain just as excited today about the financial and strategic benefits of the transaction as we did when we announced the deal.
 With respect to our stand-alone repurchases, Capital Ones, I'll note that the agreement with Discover does not prohibit us from buying shares. I noted in my prepared remarks, we were blacked out for a period leading up to the deal. And afterwards, the SEC has safe harbor rules that limit the daily average amount of purchases we can do for a period of time after the announcement. So as a result of those limitations, Q1 had a pace that was less than what we've done in recent quarters. I will also just note that there's also blackout restrictions on repurchases during the proxy vote period. But again, outside of those blackouts, we're not prohibited, and we're able to continue repurchasing shares. 
Jeff Norris: Next question please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with TD Cowen. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Rich, putting aside the tax refund thing, I mean, yours -- we're sitting here looking you've still got what has been a somewhat persistently high inflation environment and the potential for increases in unemployment, given the nature of your portfolio, you've got kind of a lower end consumer and higher-end consumer. How do you think about that, those factors in terms of thinking about what type of charge-off level you're going to reach over some period of time, not a particular point in time, but over some point in the next year or 2, like where you think about that -- they driving a higher level of charge-off expectations? Or how should we think about that? 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, so our -- I think what you're partly getting at is because we have -- part of our portfolio is subprime consumers, how do we feel about how they're performing and sort of in the context of an environment of higher inflation and so on. Let me just comment a little bit about the subprime consumer. In the global financial crisis, we observed that credit metrics in subprime moved earlier in both directions, subprime -- we saw that, but then we saw sort of everything move proportionately, in fact, subprime moved frankly, somewhat less proportionately than prime as a multiple, but obviously, all portfolios worsened quite a bit during the global financial crisis in the pandemic, subprime credit improved more and more quickly than prime but it also began to normalize more quickly, too. And of course, that's in the context of lower income consumers seeing disproportionate benefits of government aid and then unwinding that over time.
 And subprime is, of course, not synonymous with lower income, although they are somewhat correlated. So on the other hand, so if we look at how they have been doing, the income growth from -- for say, lower-income consumers has been consistently higher over the past several years. And we have seen really quite -- other than the tax refund effect, which does show up more in our lower end part of our customer base than the higher credit end. Really, we have seen the subprime performance be very strong. It just worsened faster. And then on a proportional basis, everything caught up with it. But it frankly always seems to be a first mover, and it settled out, frankly, a little bit earlier than -- started settling out a little bit earlier than the rest of our portfolio.
 So based on current performance, we feel very good across the credit spectrum. We also -- it certainly catches our attention when we see the inflation specter sort of become greater lately. So we have a real eye on that. As you know, we continue to look at the marketplace and trim around the edges and so on. But the net impression that I would leave you is we continue to feel very good about really the full spectrum of our customers, we continue to lean into the growth opportunities. We have, for some time, just been doing some trimming around the edges and just being a little tighter on the credit lines and things like that credit line increases. But the impression that I want to leave with you is that we are still pretty feel good about this marketplace and the growth opportunities there. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. And maybe just as a follow-up question. You alluded to or Andrew alluded to the fact that you expect that late fee -- you can still kind of achieve your objectives from a efficiency ratio even with the late fee coming into effect. But could you talk a little bit about your thoughts about any mitigating efforts that you're planning or in the process of doing? Or is it something that you're going to try and use from a competitive standpoint to take share? How do you think about it? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Moshe. So let's just pull up and reflect on the fact that the CFPB's rule on late fees is scheduled to take effect on May 14. We are prepared to implement the rule on this time line, if necessary, but ongoing litigation efforts continue to create uncertainty on the ultimate outcome and the timing of the rule. As we've said before, when the rule is implemented, there will be significant impact to our P&L. We expect that this impact will gradually resolve itself within a couple of years from the implementation of our mitigating actions. These mitigating actions include changes to our policies, products and investment choices. Some of these mitigating actions have already been implemented and are underway. We are planning on additional actions once we learn more about where the litigation settles out. Ultimately, these mitigating actions will play through different line items in the P&L and will mitigate the impact of the late fee rule on our P&L within a couple of years of their implementation. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. 
Donald Fandetti: Yes. Rich, can you provide your latest thoughts on auto lending? I know a lot of focus has been around cards, but -- and used car prices have been a little bit lighter recently as well as the tax issue. Maybe talk a bit about a potential pivot there. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So we're feeling very good about the Auto business. So let's just pull way up. Auto industry margins have recovered somewhat over the past few quarters. Our origination volumes in Q1 were up 20% on a year-over-year basis and a quarter-over-quarter basis, and we're pleased with that growth. Now there are still headwinds to the auto business. Affordability remains a concern due to the combined effects of high interest rates and still high car prices. And even as car prices have normalized significantly from their peaks, they haven't yet reached a new equilibrium.
 So we anticipated the risks in this business, tightening up credit back in 2022, I think, several quarters before some of our competitors. As a result, the performance of recent originations from '22 and '23 has been really strong and frankly, even better than our pre-pandemic originations. And vintage over vintage, that risk remains stable. And as margins have recovered a bit, we're seeing an opportunity to lean back in. So our years of investments in industry-leading technology and credit infrastructure have allowed us to remain nimble and enabled us to make targeted adjustments to our origination strategies where we see opportunities for growth or emerging risks.
 So looking ahead, we remain confident in the business that we're booking and bullish about the opportunities for growth. So we continue to set pricing in terms that we're comfortable with and feel good about the opportunities that we see in the market. And after talking for really a couple of years about sort of dialing back. I think this is sort of a period where it's moving more into a leaning into it situation for Capital One. And we're, I think, very benefited by the choices that we made over the last couple of years and seeing very strong performance in our vintages. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Rich, I think your point on tax refund is clearly a very valid one. Interestingly, though, to your point on the second derivative, that's improved quite nicely even into March. And I think when I look at the tax refund stats now from the IRS, it seems like you've seen a catch-up in refunds and it seems like the average refund numbers have kind of come in line with last year, if not slightly higher. So I think those are improving, too. Is there a lag effect there? So like should we see that more pronounced if that's the case in April and May? How has been in the past? 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So I can see that you're a student of tax refunds. Just think of all the areas of expertise that you've developed over the years trying to really get your head around this credit card business, things that neither you nor I thought we would really have to learn. Let me make a couple of comments here. So a key question is what are we benchmarking things too. So relative to -- if we talk about relative to last year, the things were even lagging relative to last year, and they've actually crossed over very, very recently crossed over the curve from last year, which I think you're referring to. But then last year really was somewhat of an outlier relative to pre-pandemic.
 Now one might ask, well, why didn't we just used last year as the seasonality benchmark? Last year itself was an odd year. And from a credit point of view with all the normalization. It was hard to read things through the noise. As we watch the patterns this year, we're going to really end up comparing by the time it's done, how this year compares to last year and whether collectively this year and last year represent sort of a new seasonality that we have to modify relative to the past. I think it's premature on that. And relative to reading seasonality, it's really hard to look at last year's credit metrics just because there was so much normalization.
 So we've had an eye on this. We have tended to stick with our seasonality benchmarks, which are developed over a number of years. And I think when this is -- when we're done with this period, we'll sit back and look at it and say, did we learn something about the business that where seasonality might be less magnified in a business like ours than it was before. I think it is too early to tell. But to your other point, even relative to last year, it has very recently crossed over in terms of tax refunds. And yes, to your point, these are things that themselves then have lag effects because people have to get the refunds then they have to make payments. So this is why very much we are flagging a phenomenon that is sort of in the middle of happening. And the key thing will be by the time it's done was the cumulative tax refund effect. And we're just kind of sharing with you as we go along.
 And the reason I'm particularly leaning into this particular one is because last time we made a very near-term sort of extrapolation just from our windows of delinquency buckets about where the -- given that in a year, the high part of the year is in the first half of the year, we were just kind of saying in that high part of the year, where things were sort of settling out. And I wanted to give that a little bit -- we're not revising the number but just to say if the seasonality patterns are probably driven by the tax refund effect if it doesn't catch up to historical patterns, then in the very near term, the numbers will be higher than that in this very -- this window we're talking about higher than the 15% number that I said. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Understood. Understood. The second derivative looked good nonetheless for March. 
Richard Fairbank: Right. So look, can I just -- I want to just seize that point. The second derivative continues to be strong. In fact, when you look at sort of all the card players, you can see the strength of Capital One's second derivative. There's another topic, so you didn't know when you were studying all that calculus that this would be at the heart of what you do. But -- so there's lots of good to pull from this. I just wanted to just clarify the tax refund effect, which I think has a little bit more impact on Capital One than certain other players and to point out that we actually think we see that effect in both of our consumer businesses. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Great. Just one follow-up for Andrew. Just on the capital return question earlier. Can we step up the run rate relative to some of the last quarters as we look ahead? I know there's been a lot of volatility on some of the regulatory proposals on capital. But as we look ahead, I know there's no limitations but can we see a step up in the level of capital return relative to the past few quarters as we look ahead, given your capital levels today? 
Andrew Young: Well, there's 2 parts to that, Sanjay. The first is, given the transaction, we are in the process of submitting a new capital plan. So that's just a procedural piece. So once that new capital plan is approved, then we have unlimited capacity relative to the SCB in this intervening period, the amount that we repurchase is constrained to what we've requested. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. 
Bill Carcache: Rich and Andrew, following up on your comments on Auto, how much of an advantage is your excess capital position? Are you seeing competitors who are capital constrained and perhaps can't take advantage of the attractive market conditions to the same degree? And then I'll just ask my follow-up now. As Capital One continues to grow, could you speak to your category 2 preparedness? 
Andrew Young: Yes, I'll start, Bill, with the -- Rich, do you want to do the... 
Richard Fairbank: Competitive dynamics in auto. Here my observation about the auto business is that it's still a very competitive marketplace. But when we see our opportunities to grow, we tend to zig a little bit while others zag. And so we sort of pulled back for a little while and others leaned in. And my point is really now I think we're leaning in and others are pulling back a little bit more. I hadn't really sort of analyzed it in terms of really capital choices really as much as just the very natural rhythms of the marketplace and some of the advantages that Capital One has by virtue of our choices that we made over the last couple of years. But we'll have to think about that. But I just think this is just very much sort of as you've seen numerous times in the past where there's a little bit of an inflection point for Capital One at a time that's a little different and occasionally in a different direction than the inflection points of others. 
Andrew Young: And then, Bill, with respect to category 2. Well, first, let me just note, we're going to be below the $700 billion threshold at closing and the trigger is really a 4-quarter average beyond that. So I just wanted to mention the specifics of what is going to trigger it. But within category 2 to category 3, there's really 3 big distinctions. The first one is losing the tailoring benefit for LCR and NSFR, and you can see based on the ratios that we hold there and our conservatism around liquidity. We feel very well prepared. The other 2, which are the inclusion of AOCI in regulatory capital and the DTA threshold going from 25 to 10. Those are both already included at least in what was proposed for the Basel III end game rules. We all know that those proposals are being debated and refined. But ultimately, we're looking at those 2 implications as part of the proposal anyway.
 And so we don't really see a big difference in the long-term implications, at least as we sit today, again, the proposal may take a different form. But from a planning perspective, those were 2 things that we already had our eye on. And so we ultimately feel well prepared all of the implications of either category 2 or the Basel III end game proposals if they were to go in as currently constructed. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: And our final question comes from Jeff Adelson with Morgan Stanley. 
Jeffrey Adelson: Rich, I just wanted to circle back on your comment about how you continue to kind of trim around the edges. I think last quarter, you were suggesting that the trimming was sort of abating after a number of years of trimming. But given your comments today about how you're continuing to lean in, how the U.S. consumer remains a strength of source, how are you thinking about potentially opening up the credit box a little bit more from here? And relatedly, does the pending deal with Discover factor into how you're thinking about allocating capital at all into more growth at this point? 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff. We -- the trimming around the edges is, of course, what we do all the time and reactively to not only what we observe in the marketplace but what we think may be coming in the marketplace. We are very much sort of in the same place we were three months ago when we've been talking about this. In other words, the trimming around the edges and the dialing back was a little bit more pronounced in the quarters during the big credit normalization than it has been as we see things settling out. And the drivers of that continue to be -- probably -- in addition to what I said about the consumer, very much also the -- observing our credit performance, not only just the overall portfolio performance but very much the performance of our originations.
 And strikingly, our originations continue to come out generally on top of each other quarter after quarter. Obviously, that's lagged data that we're viewing but we're -- we've been struck by how long it's been and how consistently it's been that our originations have been generally on top of each other. And a lot of that comes from the trimming around the edges that we have been doing even as there's been some underlying a little bit sort of worsening of overall consumer credit metrics. So we're in a very similar place to where we were. We feel good about our credit performance and origination performance. We are leaning in across the credit spectrum.
 With respect to the Discover deal, it's not really altering our origination strategy that's very much continuing as it was before. Obviously, we're very excited about the Discover deal. But I think that with respect to our own strategy it's really pretty much the same as it was before. 
Jeffrey Adelson: And I also wanted to just ask really quickly about the small business car strategy. I know you recently just launched that new Venture X business card recently. It seems like a really unique value proposition with the charge card component. Can you just talk a little bit more about the opportunity to drive growth there and maybe how that's going so far? Any early reason to the type of customers you're getting? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Yes, Jeff. So we launched the Venture X business card, broadly in the third quarter of last year, and we're pleased with the market response and the customer engagement so far. So Venture X business, much like our Spark cash plus card was developed to help business owners run and invest in their business with no preset spending limit, great travel benefits and elevated earn everywhere. And it's a great example of our business is leveraging each other's innovations because we've taken many of the industry-leading travel features of our consumer Venture X product and combine them with the business-grade capabilities of our small business offerings, including the flexible spending capacity that is designed for larger businesses.
 So we have been investing in our small business card program, and more broadly, to win at the top of the market for years. And this launch stands on the shoulders of all of that investment, it stands on the shoulders of our technology transformation and is another example in the continuing drive of Capital One to win at the top of the market across consumers and small business. So I appreciate the question and we certainly are excited by our continuing progress. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich and Andrew. Thanks, everybody, for joining us this evening and for your continuing interest in Capital One. Have a great evening. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Capital One Q4 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Amy, and welcome everyone to Capital One's fourth quarter 2023 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth-quarter of 2023 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section of our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One's website and filed with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon everybody. I'll start on Slide 3 of today's presentation. In the fourth quarter, Capital One earned $706 million or $1.67 per diluted common share. For the full year, Capital One earned $4.9 billion or $11.95 per share. Included in the results for the fourth quarter was a $289 million accrual for our current estimate of the FDIC special assessment. Net of this adjusting item, fourth-quarter earnings per share were $2.24 and full-year earnings per share were $12.52. On a linked-quarter basis, growth in our Domestic Card business drove period-end loans up 2% and average loans up 1%. Period-end deposits increased 1% in the quarter, and average deposits were flat. Our percentage of FDIC-insured deposits grew to 82% of total deposits in the fourth quarter. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 1% driven by both higher net interest and non-interest income. Non-interest expense was up 18% in the quarter. Operating expense increased 15%, with roughly half of that increase driven by the FDIC special assessment. The full-year operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments, improved 99 basis points to 43.54%. Provision expense was $2.9 billion, comprised of $2.5 billion of net charge-offs and an allowance build of $326 million. Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the allowance balance in greater detail. The $326 million increase in allowance brings our total company allowance balance up to approximately $15.3 billion as of December 31. The total company coverage ratio is now 4.77%, up 2 basis points from the prior quarter, largely driven by a higher mix of card assets. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. Outside of interest rates, most of our economic assumptions are largely unchanged from the third quarter and we continue to assume several key economic variables modestly worsened from today's levels. In our Domestic Card business, the coverage ratio decreased by 16 basis points to 7.63%. The allowance balance increased by $336 million. The predominant driver of the increased allowance was the loan growth in the quarter. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance was essentially flat at roughly $2 billion. Coverage increased by 4 basis points to 2.71%, driven by a decline in auto loans in the quarter. And finally, in our Commercial Banking business, the coverage ratio declined by 3 basis points to 1.71%. The allowance decreased by $37 million, primarily driven by the charge-offs of office real-estate loans in the quarter. We have included additional details on the office portfolio on Slide 17 of tonight's presentation. Turning to Page 6, I'll now discuss liquidity. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter increased by $2.3 billion to about $121 billion. The increase was driven by a higher market value of our investment securities portfolio, partially offset by modestly lower cash balances. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $43.3 billion, down $1.6 billion from the prior quarter. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the fourth quarter was 167%, up from 155% in the third quarter. The increase in the LCR was driven by holding more of our cash balances at the parent company versus our banking subsidiary. Turning to Page 7, I'll cover our net interest margin. Our fourth quarter net interest margin was 6.73%, 4 basis points higher than last quarter and 11 basis points lower than the year-ago quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in NIM was largely driven by a continued mix-shift towards card loans and higher asset yields, partially offset by higher rate paid on deposits. Turning to Slide 8, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 12.9%, approximately 10 basis points lower than the prior quarter. Asset growth, common and preferred dividends, and the share repurchases more than offset net income in the quarter. And with that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew. Good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows fourth quarter results in our credit card business. Credit card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. Top line growth trends in the domestic card business remained strong, even with growth moderating somewhat in the fourth quarter. Purchase volume for the fourth quarter was up 4% from the fourth quarter of last year. Ending loan balances increased $16 billion or about 12% year-over-year. Average loans increased 14%. And fourth-quarter revenue was also up 14% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. The charge-off rate for the quarter was up 213 basis points year-over-year to 5.35%. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter-end increased 118 basis points from the prior year to 4.61%. On a sequential-quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 95 basis points and the 30 plus delinquency rate was up 30 basis points. For the month of December, the charge-off rate was 5.78%, including a one-time impact of 15 basis points, described in a footnote in the monthly credit 8-K. Adjusted for this impact, the monthly charge-off rate for December would have been 5.63%. Pulling up on Domestic Card credit, we believe that normalization has run its course and credit results have stabilized. The 30-plus delinquency rate has been stable on a seasonally adjusted basis for a number of months now. Since August, our monthly delinquency rate has been moving in line with normal seasonality and at stable ratios relative to the same month in 2018 and 2019. And at this point, we have a pretty good window into January as delinquency entries in December indicate continuing delinquency rate stability in January. We've always said that delinquencies are the leading indicator of where charge-offs are going. Charge-off rate tends to follow delinquency rate by about three to six months. Based on the stability, we've seen in our delinquencies since August and extrapolating from our current delinquency inventories and flow rates, we believe the charge-off rate is stabilizing now and settling out to about 15% above 2019 levels. I give this window, because investors have been asking for quite some time when will charge-offs level off. So this is the point where we see that happening, meaning charge-offs should move more or less with seasonality in the coming months. This window comes from modeling the flows in our delinquency buckets which have stabilized, and our recoveries which have also stabilized and started to rebuild. This isn't designed to be longer-run guidance but rather to indicate that charge-offs are finally moving more or less with seasonality over the near term. In the longer run, there could be additional forces such as potential pressure from economic worsening and potential benefits from the depletion of deferred charge-offs from the pandemic and recoveries picking up over time from increased inventory. Non-interest expense was up 11% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022, with increases in both operating expense and marketing expense. Total company marketing expense of about $1.25 billion for the quarter was up 12% year-over-year. Our choices in our card business are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation. Our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the Domestic Card business. And in the fourth quarter, marketing also included higher media spend and increased marketing for franchise enhancements, like our travel portal, airport lounges, and Capital One Shopping. We continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient growth and enhance our domestic card franchise. As always, we're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. Slide 12 shows fourth-quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the fourth-quarter auto originations declined 7% year-over-year. Driven by the decline in auto originations, consumer banking ending loans decreased about $4.5 billion or 6% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis ending loans were down 2%. We posted another strong quarter of year-over-year growth in federally insured consumer deposits. Fourth-quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up about $26 billion or 9% year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, ending deposits were up about 2%, average deposits were up 11% year-over-year, and up 1% from the sequential quarter. Powered by our modern technology and leading digital capabilities, our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to deliver strong consumer deposit growth and gradually increase the percentage of total company deposits that are FDIC-insured. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was down about 17% year-over-year, largely driven by lower auto loan balances and higher deposit costs. Non-interest expense was down about 3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. Lower operating expenses were partially offset by an increase in marketing to support our national digital bank. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.19%, up 53 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 6.34%, up 72 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the linked quarter, the charge-off rate was up 42 basis points, while the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 70 basis points. Both of these linked-quarter increases were in line with typical seasonal expectations. Monthly auto credit began to stabilize even earlier than domestic card credit results. On a monthly basis auto delinquency rate and charge-off rate had been tracking normal seasonal patterns since the first half of 2023 and continued to do so through December. Slide 13 shows fourth-quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked-quarter, ending loan balances decreased about 1%. Average loans were also down about 1%. The modest declines are largely the result of choices we made earlier in the year to tighten credit. Ending deposits were down about 9% from the linked quarter. Average deposits were down about 7%. The declines are largely driven by our continuing choices to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances. Reducing these less attractive deposits also drove the 14 basis point linked-quarter improvement in our average rate paid on commercial deposits. Fourth-quarter revenue was down 5% from the linked quarter. Non-interest expense was also down about 5%. The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate for the fourth quarter increased 28 basis points from the third quarter to 0.53%. The Commercial Banking criticized performing loan rate was 8.81%, up 73 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate was down 6 basis points to 0.84%. Commercial Banking credit trends were largely driven by continuing pressure in our commercial office portfolio. Slide 17 of the fourth-quarter 2023 results presentation shows additional information about the remaining commercial office portfolio, which is less than 1% of our total loans. In closing, we continued to deliver solid results in the fourth quarter. We posted another strong quarter of top line growth in domestic card revenue, purchase volume, and loans. Domestic card and auto delinquency trends were in line with normal seasonal patterns, a continuing indicator of stabilizing consumer credit results. We grew consumer deposits and total deposits. And we added liquidity and maintained capital to further strengthen our already strong and resilient balance sheet. Our annual operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments for the full year 2023, was 43.54%. In 2023, we saw incremental opportunities and made choices to grow revenue and tightly manage costs to achieve a 99 basis point improvement in our annual operating efficiency ratio. The actual improvement was better than the “modest improvement” growth we had been expecting. Over the last decade, we've driven significant operating efficiency improvement even as we've invested to transform our technology. And we continue to drive for efficiency improvement over time. For the full-year 2024, we expect annual operating efficiency ratio, net of adjustments, will be flat to modestly down compared to 2023. Our expectation includes the partial year impact of the proposed CFPB late fee rule, assuming that rule takes effect in October 2024. Pulling way up, our modern technology capabilities are generating an expanding set of opportunities across our businesses. We continue to drive improvements in underwriting, modeling, and marketing, as we increasingly leverage machine learning at scale. And our tech engine drives growth, efficiency improvement, and enduring value creation over the long term. We remain well-positioned to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value and to thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. So if you have any questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Amy, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. And, Rich, thank you for the color on the charge-offs. I know you cited the pluses and minuses from here, from stabilizing charge-offs. But I'm curious if you feel like the consumer positioning leans towards improvement here as inflation declines, real income growth has resumed. And should interest rates come down? This coupled with the recoveries could benefit the charge-off rate, correct? And I'm just thinking sort of how to think about the reserve rate going forward.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So, Sanjay, yeah -- so first of all, my comments, I just want -- I wanted with my credit comments in my sort of extrapolated look at our delinquency buckets, I really wanted to share where our charge-offs are settling out, which is about 15% above 2019 levels. And we should also note, by the way, that in any year first-half losses are seasonally higher than second-half losses. So within any normal year, the first half is the peak. Now, as I said, we're not really giving longer-run guidance. But let's think about the dynamics about how things could go from here. From an economy point of view, we're certainly in a strong economy, unemployment is at a pretty remarkable place. So, I think if anything, unemployment could add more downside than it adds upside. Perhaps inflation has more upside than it does downside. But I don't have any more insight to those than anybody else does. I think, I also would want to kind of reinforce your point, there are two good guys that should play out over time. And we've been talking for a long time about the delayed charge-off effect from the pandemic. And when you think about that the pandemic had such a just absolutely unusual experience for consumers, with all of the stimulus and the forbearance and so on that, we certainly have believed that charge-offs that were otherwise going to happen at that time, some got averted permanently, but I think some got delayed. And so this phenomenon that we call delayed charge-offs, I think, it's not a really quantifiable effect, but I think it's very much been a part of what's happening with -- in the normalization and something that intuitively will run its course. And the other thing is recoveries. So recoveries -- our recoveries, while the rate per charge-off dollar remained strong, the number of charge-off dollars in inventory, thanks to the pandemic, were at a really depressed level. And so we have bottomed out there and they're starting to -- now inventories are starting to increase, of course, as credit has normalized and that should also gradually be a good guy. Also when I look at our origination strategy and the underwriting choices we make, these are consistent with longer-term losses that are lower than where we are now. So we consciously sort of focused our credit commentary to really focus on where things settle out. And then there is a list of forces that could work in either direction, but I think you certainly point out to some of the good guys.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay, just a follow-up. Maybe, Andrew, could you just talk about the reserve rate on a go-forward basis and how we should think about it? Should it stabilize? Can it come down? And maybe just also on the NIM with rates coming down, how we should think about the movement over the course of the year? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Sure. Sanjay, let me compartmentalize those two things, NIM will be a whole separate answer, but with respect to allowance. Well, let me first start with just a tactical housekeeping item, which is a reminder that in Q4 we have seasonal balances that quickly pay off in the first quarter and therefore have negligible coverage. So the coverage ratio in Q4 is modestly lower as a result of that dynamic and it reverses itself in Q1, but again a real modest effect there. Longer-term though, projected losses are really going to be the biggest driver of coverage. And as we've said before, delinquencies are the best leading indicator of that and Rich just provided a fulsome description of all of the forces at play there. So from a reserve perspective, every quarter we're just going to be looking at the next 12 months of projected losses with the first six more consequential in the calculation, but also far more predictable, given the visibility that we have through delinquencies. And then the remainder of that window really informed by economic assumptions, and then the reversion to the long-term average. And so over the last few quarters, things have played out consistent with or slightly better than what we've expected and you've seen the coverage ratio in card roughly stay flat. So, I think it's important to note that even in a period where projected losses in future quarters are lower than today and might otherwise indicate a release, we could very well see a coverage ratio that remains flat or only modestly declines as we incorporate some of that uncertainty into the allowance, but eventually in a scenario like that, after a period of coverage stability like we've seen, you would see coverage coming down in the release of non-growth related reserves.
Sanjay Sakhrani: NIM?
Andrew Young: NIM, sure. There is a lot of factors at play with NIM and maybe I'll do the same housekeeping with NIM. Just to remind everyone that in the first quarter with one fewer day, we're going to see roughly a 7 basis points headwind there. But let me then also enumerate here the puts and takes to NIM. On the tailwind side, growth in card balances as percentage of the balance sheet and even within those balances possibly a higher revolver rate. Certainly a tailwind, and that's something we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And then also a lower cash balance, we've talked about this before, but cash balances today in total of $43 billion. I think the number is with about $37 billion at the Fed is quite a bit higher than pre-pandemic. I don't think we'll get back to where we were pre-pandemic but I would expect over time that, that will come down from today's level. So that would also be a tailwind to NIM. On the headwind side, even though the Fed has stopped moving up in July, we continue to see some deposit product rotation, and it creates a bit of upward pressure to the deposit betas. And then even if the Fed starts decreasing rates, we're going to see the assets reprice more quickly than the deposits. And the competitive environment in the backdrop of QT will potentially have an impact on betas on a downward cycle. So that would create a bit of marketing pressure. And then a couple of other things that I would just highlight as potential headwinds, the uncertainty around potential regulatory changes that could impact interest income as well as just the path of credit. You've seen suppression go up over the last few quarters, as losses go up, so that also creates some pressure to NIM. So, I know that that was a list of puts and takes, but I partially go into that level of detail to say, it's kind of hard to say where NIM is going to go in the near term, especially because the path of interest rates remains fairly wide at this point, but kind of gives you a sense of all of the forces at play. But over the much longer term, I would say there's nothing really structurally different about our balance sheet from where it was pre-pandemic, that leads me to believe that NIM will be materially different than where it was based on at least what we know today.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening, everyone.
Andrew Young: Hey, Ryan.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Rich, when I look you put about $4 billion of marketing expense for the second straight year and you continuing to drive strong growth, we're hearing about some others with a little bit of a more cautious tone on growth. So maybe just talk about, are you leaning in and do you expect marketing to increase, and really where you're seeing the best opportunities in the market and how are you thinking about growth looking ahead? Thanks. And I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. We feel very good about the opportunities in the marketplace, so we are leaning in, we're definitely leaning in. The -- you can see obviously, there was quite a lot of marketing in the fourth quarter, but we continue to see opportunities across the Board, especially in the card business. But -- so let -- just pulling up there a few key factors driving our marketing that we want to continue to emphasize. First of all, we're just really excited about the growth opportunities across our business. We're making -- we have over the last number of years, made some, what we call sort of adjustments around the edges and trimming around the edges. Lately, there is really even not a lot of trimming around those edges, we're in a very sort of stable place with respect to the business we're going after, the results we're getting, and the deal that we have to capitalize on that. And I think our technology transformation of course has really been beneficial, but it allows us to leverage more data and more machine-learning models to identify basically more attractive opportunities for investment and to create better and more customized solutions for customers along the way. So just the overall opportunities continue to be very strong. The second part of our marketing investment, of course, relates to our quest to win at the top of the market. And we've been going after heavy spenders now for almost 15 years and that needs sustained high levels of investment and you can see those out in the marketplace in flagship products, in groundbreaking experiences, like things like best-in-class digital customer experiences, really high level elite customer servicing, online travel portal, and -- in the intersection of risk management and the quest to go to the top of the market. The incredible importance of advanced fraud defense is to ensure that the card always works. And increasingly, we're also just rolling out exclusive services and experiences that aren't available in the general marketplace, such as airport lounges and access to select properties. So we continue to lean into growth here and obviously, that quest toward the top of the market involves quite a bit of marketing investment and a lot of upfront investment for annuities that are just wonderful long-lasting fabulous annuities. And the third vector of real marketing investment is our continuing efforts to build our National Bank. And just as a reminder, we have a smaller branch footprint, and so we lean more heavily on our technology investments, our digital experiences, our cafe network, and our brand and marketing investments to continue to organically build this National Bank. And we are really pleased with the traction there. And it's been a lot of years in the making, but we are definitely leaning in there and loved the results. So, Ryan, those are kind of a window into how we're thinking about it in the compelling opportunities behind across the board that we see and we are continuing to capitalize on the opportunity as we see it.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And, Rich, if you put late fees aside for the first part of my question, you talked about stable to modest improvement which ex-late fees would imply continued improvement on the operating efficiency. Do you think we're back ex-late fees on a sustained journey of improving efficiency, like you were talking about before the pandemic? And then second, just how are you thinking about the timing of offsetting late fees? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Thank you. So the -- our story about efficiency, I think, has been a very consistent story for a bunch of years and I think a lot of companies drive efficiency by just continuing to cut costs on their way to greatness. And we certainly put a lot of energy into the cost side of our business, but really it's been about building a business model powered by technology and the customer experiences we're building to drive revenue growth and efficiency and both at the same time. And we've talked about how so much of this is powered by technology and we continue to see the benefits of that. So we -- at this, on the one hand, keep leaning into technology and keep investing there. And on the other hand, see a -- growing opportunities to drive efficiency as a beneficiary of the technology investments. So, pulling way up, while any particular year can be different from overall trends. We continue to believe that an important part of the value proposition with investors and the benefit of the years of investment we're making is to continue to drive greater operating efficiency. So, did you have a CFPB question? Yes. So let me turn, Ryan, to talk about that. So the CFPB's late fee proposal as currently contemplated would reduce late fees by approximately 75%. While the CFPB's proposal has not been finalized, we expect the CFPB to publish a proposal soon. And once the CFPB publishes its final rule, we expect there to be industry litigation that could delay or block the implementation of the rule. This litigation will likely delay the implementation of the rule until at least the second half of this year and maybe longer. You saw we talked about an estimate of October. If the proposed rule is implemented, there will be a significant impact to our P&L in the near term relative to what our path would have been. However, we have a set of mitigating actions that we're working through that we believe will gradually resolve this impact, a couple of years after the rule goes into effect. And these choices include changes to our policies, our products, and investment choices. Some of these actions will take place before the rule change takes effect and a few are already underway, many will come after the rule change takes effect.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arren Cyganovich with Citi. Your line is open.
Arren Cyganovich: Thanks. I was hoping you talk a little bit about the auto business. You continue to kind of pull back a little bit from that side, thinking about how you're feeling about potentially increasing some originations. Still a healthy amount of originations at $27 billion this year, but just wondering when you might make a pivot there.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Arren. So, we've been cautious in auto for a couple of years now. We've noted over this period of time, a number of headwinds in the business. So -- but let's tally them up. Margin pressure from the interest-rate cycle, normalizing credit, vehicle values normalizing from their all-time highs, and affordability pressures stemming from the combined effects of elevated interest rate and still high car prices0. As you know we don't work backward from growth target and we remain disciplined in our originations, setting pricing and terms that we're comfortable with and then take what the market gives us. So back in 2022, we raised price, tightened our credit box at the low end of the market, and took other steps to manage the resilience of our lending. As a result, our run rate of originations has been lower than like two years ago. But as a result of our actions, we've been just very pleased with the performance of our auto originations. The credit performance has been really striking, which of course you can see. So even as vehicle values continue to normalize, risk on our most recent originations from 2023 remains below what we saw in our pre-pandemic originations, probably is the result of our actions. And vintage over vintage, that risk remains stable. The margins on new originations have improved as well, particularly over the last couple of months as interest rates have come down from their recent peaks. So we feel quite good about the performance of our auto originations. So we continue to adjust our strategies where we see opportunities for growth or emerging risks. But of course, that's what we always do. But when we think about some of the headwinds, I think some of those headwinds are easing, and the results that we're seeing on our own books are really pretty striking and gratifying. So, that gives us a more bullish outlook, still with a note of caution.
Arren Cyganovich: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rick Shane with J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Rick Shane: Thanks for taking my questions this afternoon. Hey, Rich, you've given some framework for charge-offs into '24. One of the observations we would make is that delinquencies even through December on a year-over-year basis due are trending, are up on a year-over-year basis, even though that increase has slowed substantially. That suggests and very consistent with your description that charge-offs will continue to rise through the first half of the year. What I'm curious about is, given that delinquencies are still up 100 basis points or 115 basis points year-over-year in December, when we look into the second half of the year, I understand, seasonally, that they will be down. But would you expect the charge-offs in the second half of the year will still be up versus '23?
Richard Fairbank: So, I think the best way to think about this is to focus on the most stable benchmarks. As our focus here is about stability, so we're really looking at what are the most stable benchmarks that we can anchor to. And that really leads us back to 2019, 2018. And so let me just sort of speak in that, sort of double-click a little bit into my comments on that. So our delinquencies are above pre-pandemic levels, but they've been tracking with normal seasonality for quite some time. And now, compared to 2019, since August we're running around 17% above the level for the same month of 2019. Compared to 2018, since May, we're running at around 13% above the level for the same months of 2018. And at this point, we have a pretty good window into January of 2024, as well based on delinquency entries in December and that looks like it's going to be another month of stability. So, we feel confident declaring that our delinquencies have stabilized. And of course, delinquencies are our best leading indicator of credit performance. Our charge-offs have been catching up to the stabilizing trend in our delinquencies over the second half of 2023. But at this point, what we're declaring here is that our charge-offs are leveling off as well. Now, there's more month-to-month volatility in charge-offs than in delinquencies by quite a bit. Because every data point of delinquencies includes five months of delinquency inventories. And of course, charge-offs is looking at the relatively small number that falls off at the end of the last bucket. And there was also some noise in the fourth quarter of 2019, that makes it less reliable as a charge-off benchmark. So, we actually think 2018 is an even better benchmark for our charge-offs, for comparing our charge-offs in this fourth quarter that just happened to a past stable year. In the fourth quarter, our net charge-offs were about 15% above 2018 levels. And of course, 2018 rolled into 2019, so that's an appropriate benchmark to look at as we head into 2024 and compared to 2019. Now when we look ahead, extrapolating from our current delinquency inventories and recent flow rates, we conclude that our net charge-offs are stabilizing at about 15% above 2019, with of course some typical month-to-month volatility and normal seasonality. Now, of course, the seeds of this stabilization have been planted for quite a long time now and partly driven by the choices that we made back in 2020 and 2021. Coming out the pandemic, we were concerned about two trends. FinTechs were flooding the market, especially the subprime market with credit offers, creating the potential for credit worsening and adverse selection in our originations. We also anticipated that pandemic era stimulus and forbearance would temporarily inflate consumer credit scores and that these would revert over time. So, we tightened our underwriting in anticipation of these effects and we have continued to make adjustments at the margin since then. And the result has been striking, that with all the kind of changes, the normalization, all the noise over the last number of years, that there has been strikingly stable performance on our origination vintages. In our -- basically and our post-pandemic originations, each quarterly vintage for a given segment has been more or less on top of each other. And also, relatively consistent with pre-pandemic vintages. And over time, this just created a lot of stability that increasingly moved into our portfolio and it contributed to the stabilization of our portfolio credit trends. And as we've looked at this, we said these are very good shoulders to stand on, to have that much stabilization for so long. We of course all still waited to see exactly the manifestations ultimately of the portfolio stabilizing. Another factor contributing to stabilization is our recovery rate. And unusually low recoveries have been the largest driver of our overall charge-off rate running above pre-pandemic levels. And this is of course because of the very low level of charge-offs over the past three years. And therefore, we had a low level of raw material for future recovery. And by the way, just a Capital One point here, this is a larger effect for us and for most competitors because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average. And because we tend to work our own recoveries, so they come in overtime, not all at once like in a debt sale. And so, we’ve recently observed that our recovery rate has stabilized and started to tick back up. And that's our -- and you know, and now that our recoveries inventory has started to rebuild, that's of course a good guy, although it's coming from a pretty low level. And this also contributes to our confidence that our overall loss trends have stabilized. So when you -- to your question where you at compared to 2023, what we've really done is really kind of anchor our benchmarking to the most stable years in sort of recent experience, 2018 and 2019. And since we've seen delinquencies and charge-offs stabilize relative to like quarters in those benchmarks, we felt the best language with which to describe where things are settling out, is to do it as a multiple of those two generally stable years. And so we are entering 2024 now with a real sense of stability and we've benchmarked where we are as a multiple of those two stable year benchmarks.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Maybe, Rich, just following up on that, I think that a lot of the marketing dollars in the card space have been spent, with the -- at the transactor business. But given that, that's -- that stability that you're talking about. And I assume the bulk of the dollars of loss, delinquency and loss are coming from kind of the lower end of the card spectrum. So does that mean that that's an area for expansion in 2024, like, how should we think about that? And I do have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, Moshe, are you saying, is what -- is the lower-end an area for expansion?
Moshe Orenbuch: Yes.
Richard Fairbank: So, we feel -- well, we feel good about all of our segments across the credit spectrum in card and also the relative health of the consumer. And you've known us for a long time, Moshe, as long as we have -- for the decades we've been talking together, you know that we have a long history of delivering sustained resilience and profitability at the lower end of the marketplace. And we -- let's just reflect on this for a second. If you're talking about subprime credit cards, this is a complex business that requires deep investment in information-based underwriting. And of course, we've spent decades developing and testing tailored product structures and sort of honing the analytical and the operating and underwriting and marketing capabilities to attract and serve this franchise, but also with the number one and two and three most important things to us has been resilient as we do this. And what's really been pretty striking is how consistent our strategy has been over the years, through the Great Recession and following that. And if we -- and we've talked about how the lower-end of the marketplace, whether you're talking, by the way, there's a whole -- when you talk about the lower end of the marketplace, obviously, we -- there is a whole part of the marketplace that Capital One doesn't serve. But in terms of the lower end of the marketplace that we serve, if you look at either income or FICO and look at the normalization that's going on, we've seen very solid curing in that part of the market. It in fact even started -- it cured a little bit earlier than some of the other parts of the market but the curing story, the leveling-off story we're talking about today is absolutely across the board. I do want to say though also, Moshe, relative to your point, you've had Fintechs who we were very concerned about flooding that end of the market. Some years ago, they certainly have massively dialed back. And I think that the continued -- when we see the success of our vintages, the stabilization, now the sort of stabilization overall of Capital One's whole portfolio and the dynamics in the marketplace, I think that we like the opportunities we see there, Moshe, and we will be leaning into that.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. And just as a follow-up, I mean, you've talked in the past about not just the financial impact of the late fee, but also its deterrent impact. So how do you think about that in terms of the resilience of that segment as we go forward post any changes to late fees? And maybe just as a side point, you did mention that you thought you could maintain -- improve the efficiency ratio even with the late fee. I mean, that just seems -- that seems like a -- like you’d have to take a couple $100 million out of expenses to do that. So if there is a way to talk about what -- how that would happen, and tack that on to the answer, that would help too. Thanks.
Andrew Young: So, Moshe, Capital One has pursued a strategy for many years of trying to create and deliver to the marketplace, strikingly simple products. Because we, from sort of a mission and strategy point of view, we believe so much in this, but -- and we've built a brand over having very simple products. And so things like, for example, on the banking side, no minimum balance requirements, no membership fees, and even no overdraft fees. So here we are a company that has really, really reduced the fees. But if we add one fee left, I think the fee we would most hang on to is the late fee. Because to your point, it plays a very important role in the deterrent value to a consumer. And an analogy that we sometimes use is a speeding ticket. I think that if a speeding ticket were -- let's say, we had an $8 speeding ticket, I'm not sure that our highways would be quite as safe as they are now because if we're really trying to deter behavior that we think is really consequential for people, that really is the role of the fee. We've been very active in giving alerts to all of our customers when the late payment due alerts, with the goal of trying to -- not trying to maximize late fees, but actually trying to maximize the on-payment performance of our customers. So, Moshe, this is a question that -- we've been worried about your question about the what could be the impact on credit performance of individuals and it's something that we're just going to have to. If this CFPB rule goes into effect, we're all going to experience together sort of this -- not controlled experiment, but we certainly mark us down for having a concern about that. But from a financial point of view, obviously, the late fees are an important thing on the P&L. And as I've talked about, we have created, I've said it many actions across different types of things from policies, products, pricing structures, investment choices to claw back the very significant economic impact. Some of those things are underway. Some of them just to mention it, by the way. By the time we get there when the rule is announced, some of the offsets are going to by then be into the run rate of the company and the majority will still be waiting to happen. With respect to the fourth quarter, the [‘25] (ph) is the big full-year effect, obviously something coming in late in the fourth -- it's something coming in, in our estimate in the fourth quarter. It doesn't have as much impact on the annual efficiency ratio, but it still does have an impact. So, essentially, what's implied underneath it, is quite a bit of progress on the efficiency ratio, behind the flat to modestly down guidance that includes that fourth quarter effect.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Hi, thanks for taking my call. In the interest of time, given its late in the call, I'll ask my two parter all upfront here. First on the marketing side, I know you indicated you expect to continue to lean in on marketing this year, does that -- what does that imply on how you're thinking about full-year marketing expense? I mean, could that mean that you will see marketing come in above the $4 billion level that you saw this year or could it be stable or a modest decline? And then my second question is on the credit side, on the commercial real estate office CRE. I know you had some lumpy losses this quarter and some pressure still in criticized and non-accruals. If you could just give us a little bit more color there in terms of what you charged-off and your outlook on that front? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, John, thanks for your good questions here. We don't typically give full-year marketing guidance. And the reason is because, marketing depends of course a lot on the opportunities that we see when we get there. So what I wanted to just share in response to Ryan Nash's question is a continuation in the positivity that we feel both about the real-time numbers we're seeing of response and performance of our vintages and all of that. And then also the sort of more structural investments that we're making in the business, particularly with respect to the -- going after the heavy spenders. So, we don't have full-year guidance, but we certainly continue to like the opportunities that we see.
Andrew Young: And then, John, on the office side, it's virtually impossible to generalize office, it is incredibly property-specific. We've talked in the past about us having a fair amount in gateway cities and having a mix of both A and B, C properties. But frankly, the decomposition matters a whole lot less than the individual properties. And so what we saw in the quarter was a little more than $80 million of losses tied to office loans. We continue to not originate there. Balances have come down to -- about $2.3 billion, I think, down about $150 million in the quarter. It's less than 1% of our total loans. But as we charged off in the quarter, we had essentially reserved entirely for that amount, and then we built back up a little bit for the remaining portfolio to maintain the coverage at around 13%.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Don Fandetti: Rich, you've made a lot of progress on heavy spenders. As you sort of look out, where are we I guess on that expense cycle? Are we sort of still looking at many years of acceleration or do you hit some type of level where there is some scale kicking in? Just trying to get a sense on where we are on that investment cycle.
Richard Fairbank: Well, Don, it's certainly, I think the quest to the heavy spender -- to win in the heavy spenders of the marketplace, it will be a quest as far out as we can see. In the same way, it is for the players who -- the small number of players who are really going after that business. The key part of it is, we're getting more and more scale along the way. So you've seen over the years, the growth in purchase volume, what you don't see as is the purchase volume growth rates by level of spender. And it -- any segmentation we've been looking at, it monotonically -- the growth rate is monotonically faster. The more you go up, the -- toward the heavy spenders. So it's just indicating, we're getting a lot of traction there. So, I wouldn't want to say that we just have to do a blitz, and then we're kind of done with the investment. The way that scale is achieved is by getting more and more customers in a business where all the players in the business, even including the largest, continue to invest in that business. But we're really pleased with the traction and that's why we continue to invest.
Don Fandetti: That's all I had. Thanks.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich and Andrew. I appreciate all of the very clear commentary on what you're seeing in credit. There is a view that if we'd had a mild recession and experienced the purging of weaker credits, that would have provided a clear runway for growth coming out of that. But instead, the environment we're in is arguably a little bit muddier and some would stay still late cycle. Could you speak to that dynamic, Rich, and whether that weighs on how you're thinking about growth from here in any way? And as a follow-up, I'll just ask it now for you, Andrew. Can you update us on how you're thinking about capital return from here?
Andrew Young: Sure. Why don't I start? Bill, look, at this point, there still remains a number of uncertainty around capital, not the least of which is the end-game proposal. We're all aware there is been quite a bit of advocacy there and that there remains a fair amount of uncertainty of where the rule will land, including things like the impact of AOCI and phase-in and ops risk and other forces at play. So we are -- you know as much as we do, and we're waiting to see what the final rule holds there. But in addition to that, we're coming up on CCAR, we don't yet have the scenarios for this year. You look back at how impactful the scenario as well as the starting balance sheet is to those outcomes. You've seen our SCB fluctuate over the last four years, from I think 10.1% down to 7%, and now we're sitting here at 9.3%. So waiting to get a little bit more clarity of what CCAR will hold. And then in addition, we continue to see a range of outcomes in our own growth projections. And finally, just point to the economy, there is -- the consensus view is growing of a soft landing, but there is still quite a wide range of outcomes there. And so given all of those factors, we've chosen to operate for the last few quarters around 13%. We recognize that, when we feel like we're in an excess capital position, that returning it is one way to create value. And under the SCB framework, we have that flexibility to manage repurchases dynamically and we'll use that flexibility when we think it's prudent to do so.
Richard Fairbank: Bill, comment on our continuing to lean in, given that some people might argue that the economic environment is late cycle, so it's certainly a great question. So there -- first of all, the bottom line is, we are continuing to lean in. Obviously we keep a wary eye out for things that could change. But I sort of start with the health of the consumer. I think the US consumer remains a source of strength in the overall economy. And the labor market has proven strikingly resilient over the past year, really defining the expectations of many economists in the face of rising interest rates. Consumer debt servicing burdens remain relatively low by historical standards, again despite rising interest rates. Home prices are back and doing a bit better and are generally near all-time highs. In aggregate, consumers across all income levels still have excess savings also from the pandemic, although those numbers are declining. Inflation has moderated to the point that real wages are growing again after shrinking for almost two years. Student loan repayments, now they resumed in October, but there is the 12-month on-ramp period and a new income-driven repayment plan, which will significantly reduce payments for lower-income borrowers. So, on the whole, I'd say, consumers are in really quite good shape relative to most historical benchmarks. Then if we look inside our own portfolio, we still see higher average payments compared to 2019 by segment, by a really pretty sizable delta. We -- and then we then look at the marketplace. And you've seen in the auto business how at times we get alarmed by some of the practices or the pricing in the industry. And we pulled back in ways that we haven't pulled back in the card business. But I think we see a rationale and stable competitive marketplace, it's very competitive, but it's rationale and stable. And then most importantly, the results themselves. The -- our vintages just continue to come in on top of prior vintages. The trimming around the edges that we've done over the last few years have really I think allowed our results to have a stability to them that even has diverged from the sort of underlying, not as good performance of -- in the marketplace of things recently compared to the past, but we have that real stability. Then we see the leveling-off of our portfolio. And really we talk about our charge-offs leveling off at a level that -- like 15% above 2019. It's interesting actually that's net charge-offs, but gross charge-offs are leveling-off very close to the gross charge-off levels of 2018 and 2019. And actually, the thing that creates the differential is the lower recoveries that we've had for as a -- in the wake of the inventory of recoveries being so much lower inventory of charge-off debt. So pulling way up and seeing the traction in our business, the success with our brand, the things that for competitive reasons we don't share in the marketplace, but the traction on the tax side, in terms of enabling us to create better -- really unique customized customer experiences, totally customized underwriting. The reaching to marketing channels that we hadn't even tapped before. All of this is putting us in a position to continue to -- pulling way up, obviously in the credit business, we always worry a lot. But if I calibrate this relative to a lot of other times, I feel really quite good about this. And I actually said I felt a lot less good a couple of years ago. Because I felt that the pandemic, while, from a credit point of view, who couldn't like those credit results, I said, it actually is so abnormally good. The marketplace won't be able to help itself but create unusual practices, unresilient underwriting, et cetera. So, actually what we've had, if I can borrow the soft landing term from the economy conversations is kind of a soft landing, relative to the credit business, and landing is really quite the right word, relative to Capital One, which I think really as I've kind of declared today, sort of landed here. And I know some competitors still haven't fully landed, but pulling way up on this. I actually feel this is really quite a good time if I calibrate to all the times over the years in this exciting journey.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Dominick Gabriele: Hey, great. Thanks so much for all the color on the call today. I just have two questions. Rich, what are you seeing you think that's making the net charge-off stabilize 15% above 2019 levels? Is there something in the consumer payment behavior that's changed? Is there something you think that shifted the consumer, in general, where the credit card industry may be seeing a higher through-the-cycle net charge-off rate going forward or for Capital One in particular? And I just have a follow-up. Thanks so much.
Richard Fairbank: So, I actually believe that what we're really seeing here is a credit situation that's very similar to pre-pandemic. It is showing up right now and I'm going to speak through the Capital One lens. I think I'm not going to universalize for the industry. But as I mentioned in the -- to the prior answer there, that if you look at gross charge-offs, where they're settling out for Capital One, now this is Capital One that has done a lot of trimming around the edges over the last -- a fair amount of trimming around the edges. I think we also did a very important choice that I'm not sure was universe, it might have been an unusual choice. But when we saw the incredibly strong credit performance of consumers, much of it driven by stimulus and forbearance, we sort of became alarmed about credit scores, great inflation if you will, and essentially intervened in our models to normalize. So that we didn't get fooled by that. But yes, this is the -- and so as a result of that, we have stabilized. We're probably one of the first players to stabilize and we have stabilized at this moment at 15%, above 20% -- say, benchmark to 2019 levels. Already we said that number from a gross charge-off number is really sort of very close to 2019 levels. So the recoveries effect, which is a temporary effect that our recoveries are so much lower because they just don't have as much inventory of charge-offs to collect on. That's a good guy that should help over time. So, I think also as we've talked about and we've talked about ever since the pandemic sort of -- we started coming out the other side of the pandemic, we said there is another effect. Let's call it the delayed charge-off effect, that if you think about all those charge-offs that would have happened -- many of that would have happened in the pandemic, but didn't. Some of them may have gotten reprieved for the long run, but a bunch of others we certainly have felt are going to charge-off over time. And that is a temporary effect that we think has been playing out over this normalization thing. It's not -- we have ways that we try to measure it, but nobody can precisely measure this. But this is also something that leads to an elevation of charge-offs relative to probably what's an equilibrium. So if I speak from Capital One's point of view, our guidance was to guide you to the leveling-off. Because of the lower recoveries effect right now, that's leveling off at 15% above 2019. The underlying credit dynamics seem very similar to me, to what was there in the past. I think there, even as we keep a wary eye on the economy, there is some just sort of actuarial good guys making their way through the business and all the other things being equal. That can help the credit metrics more and more show that they're strikingly similar to what was there before the pandemic. So pulling way up, I don't think, and again, I'll speak, I don't think things have shifted. I think we're seeing some trends playing out, but for Capital One we're -- we feel great about where we have stabilized and we see really good -- a good assessment of our future.
Jeff Norris: Well, thank you very much everyone for joining us on the conference call tonight, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team is available this evening to answer further questions if you have them. Have a great evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Capital One Q3 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Amy, and welcome, everyone to Capital One's third quarter 2023 (ph) earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2023 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on quarterly earnings release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the third quarter, Capital One earned $1.8 billion, or $4.45 per diluted common share. Pre-provision earnings of $4.5 billion were up 7% compared to the second quarter and 17% compared to the year ago quarter. Both period end and average loans held for investment increased 1% relative to the prior quarter, driven by growth in our domestic card business. Period end deposits increased 1% in the quarter, while average deposits were flat. Our percentage of FDIC insured deposits ended the quarter at 80% of total deposits. We have provided additional details on deposit trends on Slide 18 in the appendix. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 4%, driven by both higher net interest and noninterest income. Non-interest expense increased 1% in the quarter, as higher marketing expense was partially offset by lower operating expense. Provision expense was $2.3 billion with $2 billion of net charge-offs and an allowance build of $322 million. Turning to Slide 4. I'll cover the allowance balance in greater detail. The $322 million increase in allowance brings our total company allowance balance up to $15 billion as of September 30. The total company coverage ratio is now 4.75%, up 5 basis points from the prior quarter. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. Relative to last quarter's assumptions underlying the allowance, the baseline forecast in this quarter for most key economic variables improved. However, we continue to assume several key economic variables worsened from today's levels. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance increased by $349 million. The coverage ratio was largely flat at 7.79%. The predominant driver of the increased allowance was the growth in loans. The positive impact from the modestly improved economic outlook was largely offset by the impact of replacing the lost content of the third quarter of 2023 with a 12-month reasonable and supportable period that now includes the third quarter of 2024. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance declined by $136 million. The improved economic outlook and a decline in loan balances drove the release. And in our Commercial Banking business, the allowance increased by $97 million. The build reflected the impact of rising interest rates and other factors on certain commercial real estate and corporate borrowers, including our commercial office portfolio. On Slide 17 in the appendix, we have included additional details on the office portfolio. I'll also note that in the third quarter, we completed the sale of approximately $900 million of loans from our commercial office portfolio that were previously marked as held for sale. The commercial -- the coverage ratio in the Commercial business increased by 12 basis points and now stands at 1.74%. Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the third quarter was 155%, up from 150% last quarter and 139% a year ago. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter were largely flat at $118 billion. Higher cash balances were offset by a decline in the market value of our investment securities portfolio. Our cash position ended the quarter at approximately $45 billion, up about $3 billion from the prior quarter. Turning to Page 7. I'll cover our net interest margin. Our third quarter net interest margin was 6.69%, 21 basis points higher than last quarter and 11 basis points lower than the year ago quarter. The quarter-over-quarter increase in NIM was largely driven by higher card yields, a continued mix shift towards card loans and one additional day in the quarter, partially offset by higher rate paid on deposits. Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 13%, approximately 30 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was partially offset by an increase in risk-weighted assets, common and preferred dividends and the share repurchases we completed in the quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. Slide 10 shows third quarter results in our credit card business. Credit card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. The domestic card business posted another strong quarter of year-over-year top line growth. Purchase volume for the third quarter was up 6% from the third quarter of last year. Ending loan balances increased $19 billion or about 16% year-over-year and third quarter revenue was up 15% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin declined 31 basis points from the prior year quarter and remained strong at 18.24%. The decline was driven by two factors: First, loans grew faster than purchase volume and net interchange revenue in the quarter. This dynamic is a tailwind to revenue dollars, but a headwind to revenue margin; and second, charge-offs increased, so we reversed more finance charge and fee revenue. These factors were partially offset by an increase in revolve rate. On a linked quarter basis, the revenue margin increased seasonally by 48 basis points. Domestic Card credit results continue to normalize from the historically strong results we saw during the pandemic, consistent with our expectations. The charge-off rate for the quarter was up 220 basis points year-over-year to 4.4%. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end increased 134 basis points from the prior year to 4.31%. On a sequential quarter basis, the charge-off rate was essentially flat and the 30 plus delinquency rate was up 57 basis points. Both the monthly delinquency rate and the monthly charge-off rate are now modestly above 2019 levels. Our delinquencies are the best leading indicator of domestic card credit performance and the pace of delinquency rate normalization is slowing. Non-interest expense was essentially flat compared to the third quarter of '22 -- of 2022. Total company marketing expense of $972 million for the quarter was also relatively flat year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, marketing increased 10%. Our choices in domestic card are the biggest driver of total company marketing. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation and our marketing continues to deliver strong new account growth across the domestic card business. As a result, we are leaning into marketing to drive resilient growth and enhance our domestic card franchise. As always, we're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. We expect fourth quarter marketing will be seasonally higher. Slide 12 shows third quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the third quarter, auto originations declined 10% year-over-year, driven by the decline in auto originations, consumer banking ending loans decreased about $4.4 billion or 5.4% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were essentially flat. We posted another strong quarter in year-over-year retail deposit growth. Third quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up about $34 billion or 13% year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, ending deposits were up about 2%. Average deposits were up 12% year-over-year and up 1% from the sequential quarter. Powered by our modern technology and leading digital capabilities, our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to deliver strong results. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter was down about 7% year-over-year driven by the higher rate paid on deposits and lower auto loan balances and margins. Non-interest expense was down about 6% compared to the third quarter of 2022. Lower operating expenses were partially offset by an increase in marketing to support our National Digital Bank. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.77% up 72 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate was 5.64%, up 79 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the linked quarter, the charge-off rate was up 37 basis points, while the 30 plus delinquency rate was up 26 basis points, both of these linked quarter increases were better than typical seasonal expectations. Slide 13 shows third quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, ending loan balances were essentially flat. Average loans were down about 2%. The decline is largely the result of choices we made earlier in the year to tighten credit. Both ending deposits and average deposits were down about 2% from the linked quarter, consistent with the general trend we've seen for several quarters as we continue to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances. Third quarter revenue was up 2% from the linked quarter. Non-interest expense was up about 6%. The commercial banking annualized charge-off rate for the third quarter declined 137 basis points from the second quarter to 0.25%. The second quarter charge-off rate was elevated by charge-offs we recognized when we moved the portfolio of commercial office loans to held for sale. We completed the sale of that portfolio in the third quarter. Slide 17 of the third quarter 2023 results presentation shows additional information about the remaining commercial office portfolio, which is less than 1% of our total loans. The Commercial Banking criticized performing loan rate was 8.08%, up 135 basis points compared to the linked quarter. The criticized nonperforming loan rate was essentially flat at 0.9%. In closing, we continued to deliver solid results in the third quarter. We posted another quarter of strong top line growth in domestic card revenue, purchase volume and loans. The pace of domestic card delinquency normalization slowed. We grew consumer and total deposits. And we added liquidity and capital to further strengthen our already strong and resilient balance sheet. Turning now to operating efficiency. The third quarter operating efficiency ratio was particularly strong. Operating efficiency ratio can vary from quarter-to-quarter, driven by the timing of revenue and operating expense. We expect 2023 annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments will be modestly down compared to 2022. Pulling way up, our modern technology capabilities are generating an expanding set of opportunities across our businesses. We are driving improvements in underwriting, modeling and marketing as we increasingly leverage machine learning at scale. At our tech engine drives growth, efficiency improvement and enduring value creation over the long term. We remain well positioned to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value and to thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now, we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Amy, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Ryan Nash: Hey. Good evening, everyone. So Rich, you noted several times that delinquency normalization has slowed. It looked like September charge-off performance was better than we would have expected. But we are hearing from others that pressure is becoming broader, not just sub-prime, but it's also into prime. So can you maybe just talk about what you're seeing within your portfolio? What do you think about the pace of delinquency normalization? And do you have any line of sight when you think losses will inevitably peak? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Ryan. So let's just pull up on the metrics here. Our third quarter domestic card charge-off rate was essentially flat from the prior quarter, up 2 basis points to 4.40%. Our 30 plus delinquency rate increased 57 basis points from the prior quarter to 4.31%. Both our losses and our delinquencies are modestly above their pre-pandemic levels. Now let's talk about sort of what's happening at the margin here. The trend of normalization in our credit metrics appears to be slowing. In August and September, the month-to-month movement in our delinquencies was essentially in line with normal seasonality for the first time since normalization began. We've also seen some stabilization in new delinquency entries, relative to normal seasonal patterns. So we are hopeful these stabilization trends continue. Now charge-offs, of course, are a lagging metric, so they have some months of catching up still to do. In auto, we have seen stabilization even longer. Our losses are modestly above pre-pandemic levels, but moving in line with normal seasonality for the past few quarters. So back to our card business for a moment. There's another stabilization trend that we see as well, which is our recovery rate. Our recovery rate had been falling for several years because of the low level of charge-offs through the pandemic. So we've had less inventory, if you will, to recover on. And this was a larger effect for Capital One than for most of our competitors because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average. And because we tend to work our own recoveries, so they come in overtime and not all at once, like in a debt sale. We've now seen the recovery rates stabilize, although, it remains at unusually low levels. Now recoveries, of course, don't impact our delinquencies, but they are a pretty significant factor when -- in our charge-offs and particularly when comparing our charge-offs to pre-pandemic benchmarks. Now another Capital One's specific point here. There's another factor sort of driving stabilization, but this is -- has been going on for a long time and that's the stability of credit performance in our recent origination vintages. So looking ahead, the economy is, as always a source of uncertainty. In our outlook, we still expect the unemployment rate to worsen over the coming year. And as always, we remain very focused on resilience in our underwriting and making sure that we build resilience, a lot of resilience into all of our choices.
Ryan Nash: Maybe, Rich, as my follow-up question, so Andrew, you had highlighted that the domestic card allowance was relatively stable. And I think you gave three different factors. Maybe can you just remind us again what is included from a macro perspective in terms of unemployment? And if I take what Rich said regarding delinquency slowing and obviously, charge-offs are catch up a little bit. Do you think we're at the point where the replacement and the allowance is going to be less of a tailwind -- of a headwind going forward. And we can now finally have allowance more closely following -- the allowance build more closely following the loan growth? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Sure, Ryan. So to your economic assumption point, I'll focus on unemployment rate, although recall that a whole lot more is considered a whole bunch more variables, but we are now assuming the unemployment rate moves into the mid-4s by the middle of '24 and basically hold there for a period of time. But it's not just the absolute level of unemployment, as we've talked about before, it's also the change that influences underlying credit performance. How that then plays through the allowance, though, like a number of factors are going into the allowance calculation. As Rich said, the projected loss rates are going to be by far the biggest driver. And as we've talked about many times, delinquencies are the best leading indicator of credit performance, particularly over the next couple of quarters. And I won't go through the reasonable and supportable and reversion process elements that we've discussed previously, but I will say beyond the credit forecast, it is worth noting that the allowance framework considers a range of outcomes and uncertainties, which are generally wider in periods of either worsening or improving transitions. So at the core of your question, even in a period where projected losses in future quarters may be lower than today and might otherwise indicate a release. We could very well see a coverage ratio that remains flat or only modestly declined, at least in the near term as we incorporate the related uncertainty into the allowance. And so we'll go through our process as we do every year to take all of those factors into account and roll forward the allowance each quarter.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Mihir Bhatia: Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for taking my question. I was curious in terms of the health of the consumer, I was curious if you're seeing trends at all diverge between higher FICO and lower FICO scores, whether it's on credit performance or spending as we go through the recovery?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Mihir. Thank you for your question. So let's talk about credit performance. When credit first started to normalize, we called out that this trend was more pronounced at the low end of the market, whether defined by income or credit score. And strikingly, those were the segments that had improved the most early in the pandemic. So this was not surprising to us. Later, we observed that normalization was becoming more broad-based. And in fact, for many quarters now -- for several quarters now, every segment was basically normalizing at about the same rate. In other words, if you look at for any segment where its credit metrics were relative to like its delinquencies, for example, relative to pre-pandemic every segment was kind of on top of each other, everything had caught up. Now we are seeing stabilization come more quickly at the lower end of the market. In fact, over the last few months, our delinquencies in these segments have essentially stabilized on a seasonally adjusted basis. And our upmarket segments are sort of just a little bit behind that. So now, I don't think this is necessarily a description of the marketplace per se. This is what we see at Capital One. Our performance has been assisted by some of the underwriting changes that we made over the past couple of years, especially in response to credit to what we anticipated would be the impact of credit scores inflating FinTech's flooding the market. So as we've been talking about really for a couple of years now, we -- in our originations and overall in our credit policy, we were trimming around the edges for things that we saw or risks that we anticipated, and this has contributed, I think, to strength and stability and performance that's now contributing to what we see here. In terms of spend, the spend is basically -- pretty -- when we look at spend per customer, this has really moderated after the surge of spending coming out of the pandemic. So year-over-year, I'm [indiscernible] an overall Capital One point. Year-over-year spend growth per customer has been roughly flat for several months. So the growth in spend that you're seeing in our metrics is really being driven by new account origination. Now with respect to the various segments, the spend on the -- at the lower end of the marketplace is certainly probably the most moderated, although, we -- it moderated first, we've seen spend growth across our segments. Sort of fairly moderated, but I'd say the biggest effect on the moderating side has been in the lower end of the market.
Mihir Bhatia: Got it. Thank you. That’s quite helpful. And then maybe just turning to NIM very quickly. Can you just talk about some of the puts and takes on NIM in the near term, particularly on the deposit competition side. Any thoughts on where deposit betas go? What are you seeing from a competitive standpoint? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Yeah. With respect to beta, as we've discussed in previous calls, there's really a couple of key factors that are impacting betas. The first is product mix. Sort of the rotation of customers across products. And then, the second is competitive pricing. And within that, I would include the notion of just deposit pricing lags that we've talked about. And so for us, the quarter-over-quarter beta with that lag effect was something like 160%. Our cumulative beta now stands at $57 million. And so that getting factored into NIM as we look ahead on that dimension, particularly assuming if rates do stay higher for longer, I wouldn't be surprised if there continues to be some upward pressure on beta at least in the near term, driven by those factors that I described, the pricing and product mix piece. So beyond that then, in the NIM, we have seen spreads widen a bit here and wholesale funding costs are up a bit. And I think Rich talked about suppression in card, but depending on the path of credit, there's the potential at least for increased revenue suppression. So I would lump all of those three things together as potential headwinds. But from a tailwind perspective, we can continue to see growth in card and particularly revolving card balances as a percent of the balance sheet like you saw this quarter. And then the other thing that I would note, even though cash balances remain elevated relative to historical standards, I think we will see it settle out at a level that's higher than pre-pandemic, but ultimately lower than where we are today as you look ahead over multiple quarters. So those are really the primary factors that I would say are at play with respect to NIM.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arren Cyganovich with Citi. Your line is open.
Arren Cyganovich: Yeah. Just touching on the last discussion on net interest margin. The card loan yields expanded, I think, 89 basis points and that was quite a bit higher than the base rate expansion for the quarter. You mentioned higher revolve rates, is that part of what you're seeing there? And how do the revolve rates compare today versus maybe where they were pre-pandemic?
Andrew Young: Yeah. So part of it, Arren, is just said, if you're looking at yield as opposed to margin is you get a tailwind just from the Fed rate changes, but the other primary and larger factor than the Fed changes is, I would say, largely seasonality which does -- we typically see revolve rates in the third quarter just naturally be higher than they are throughout the year. And we also tend to see a bit more on the late fee piece there. So there is a seasonality dimension in terms of where we are with revolve rates going forward, I'll let Rich talk a little bit about the trends that we're seeing in the portfolio.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Arren. So overall, in our Domestic Card business, revolve rates are basically where they were. So for example, third quarter 2023 revolve rates right on top of third quarter 2019, but it's very sort of very different within segments. The place that the revolver rate is quite a bit higher is in our partnerships business because we have the Walmart portfolio. We didn't have before the pandemic pretty much everywhere else across our branded book revolve rates are a little bit generally speaking a little bit to quite a bit lower than they were before. But the net impression I would leave with you, so our branded book overall is somewhat lower and the partnerships have offset that.
Arren Cyganovich: Got it. And then on the marketing, it looks like it was down just slightly year-over-year, still almost double where it was from a pre-pandemic perspective. Have you essentially hit kind of an -- almost a peak here in terms of marketing dollars and how do you think the expenses will go from there with respect to that?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Well, Arren, the -- on marketing, so just pulling up total company marketing was up 10% compared to the prior quarter and flat year-over-year. let's just pull up and talk about the big drivers of our marketing. First, we continue to really like the opportunities we're seeing in the market. Including additional -- the opportunities that we get in expanding channels and growing the number of card products we have, the benefit from our technology transformation that sort of is everywhere in what we do as we leverage more data. We're able to take advantage of powerful machine learning models, create customized better experiences for consumers. So that continues to have a lot of traction, and we are leaning into that. We also -- a very important part of our marketing spend and a thing we're really leaning into is our focus on heavy spenders. So when we think about our quest for heavy spenders, it really goes back to 2010 when we launched our Venture card, and that was the beginning of a strategic push that we have continued and accelerated ever since. And that involved more than just putting an attractive product out there. Heavy spenders, of course, to win with heavy spenders, we need great servicing, jaw-dropping customer experiences, of course, great value propositions. And this takes a significant investment in upfront promotions and in marketing and in brand building. And this is all about my observation, all the years of doing this business and watching players who succeed here and those who get less traction is very much about a sustained investment and the -- ultimately, the brand that one builds. So we're continuing to invest in -- also in building the properties and experiences to drive heavy spender growth at the top of the market. So these investments include our travel portal. Access to exclusive properties and experiences, airport lounges and Capital One shopping. And our sustained investment at the top of the market has helped drive momentum in -- overall in our spender business, but we've grown even faster with the heaviest of spenders and we very much like this business. In addition to the obvious spend growth we're enjoying, it generates strong revenues, has very low losses, low attrition and lifts the entire brand of the company. The final factor driving our marketing levels is our investment in continuing to build our National Bank. And of course, as we have a smaller branch footprint, our growth is powered by modern technology compelling digital experience, a cafe presence in heavily traveled locations across the nation and, of course, a sustained investment in marketing. So these are the really compelling opportunities that are driving our marketing levels and we continue to see great traction pretty much across the boards, and we continue to lean into these opportunities and it's an important part of the creation of long-term value for our shareholders.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Richard Shane: Thanks for taking my questions this afternoon. I'd just like to talk a little bit about the depository franchise. Obviously, there's been very strong growth this year in the consumer banking franchise, particularly on the deposit side. Can you just talk a little bit about the competitive landscape -- you started, Rich, you talked a little bit about the network, the cafes, the less concentrated branch approach. But can you describe what you're seeing sort of broadly in the market where you think you're gaining share?
Richard Fairbank: Well, one of the -- thank you, Rick. One of the core strategic approaches of Capital One, it really defines the founding idea of the company and pretty much all the choices we've made sense is to look at the marketplace and the Tsunami forces that are driving such change in the marketplace and really try to discern with all the noise in these marketplaces. Where is it that -- where is winning going to be? What's the future of these things? And almost always, it's a question of how technology is driving change. And so in retail banking, we, of course, entered banking way back in the mid-OOs (ph) driven most importantly by a desire to transform the balance sheet of our company to get away from capital market reliance and get not just a deposit driven balance sheet, but an insured deposit-driven balance sheet, hence, the quest for a consumer deposit franchise. Now along the way, as a very important part of our strategy as well. We look forward to trying to get at the forefront of where the world was going to go over time with respect to retail banking. From a heavy reliance on branches and by the way, I want to say at the outset, I think branches will be an important thing in the -- in banking for as far out as we can see. But you just can't help but see the evolution from the branch on the corner to the branch in your hand and really over time -- sorry, to the bank in your hand, to over time, the bank in your life that's very digitally interactive and both reactively and proactively being there where a consumer needs it on a real-time customized basis. So that's where we have -- that's the vision that we've been working backwards from. So in that journey, the first step, of course, was building a national savings business that was absolutely central to our balance sheet strategy for the company. But beyond that, we have worked very much to build a not just a national savings business, but a national full service bank. And to do that, it's not just a matter of sort of offering checking accounts, but I think Capital One was in a unique position, having retail banks in -- branches in about 20% of the nation and have a lot of experience with retail banking. Our view was if we're going to win in National Banking, we actually have to digitize the entire customer experience and just about everything that you can get in a branch to be able to -- for customers to get that on a digital basis. So what we've done over the years is build a full service digital, national bank. And we -- then as we have built this, we have then leveraged the big customer base we have, the national brand that we have and really added to our marketing and everywhere in our strategy, the build-out of this national bank, and we're getting a lot of traction, nice growth and a lot of traction on the brand side as consumers realize that Capital One, even though the branches across the nation really is a full service National Bank. So that's been our strategy for years. We continue to -- it's an important thing that we lean into from a marketing point of view. But basically, our quest is to build -- continue to build a national bank without getting there by virtue of just lots and lots of acquisitions of branch-based banks. Thanks.
Richard Shane: Thank you, Rich.
A – Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Donald Fandetti: Yes. Rich, I was wondering, given your good trends in auto delinquency, are you sort of inclined to be leaning a little harder into auto lending or do you need to see something before making that decision?
Richard Fairbank: Don, thank you for your question. It's funny. We have zig (ph) while others is zag for so long -- as long as I can remember in the auto business. And our strategy isn't just as zig, while other is zag, it's always to look at this marketplace and really objectively see where the opportunities are. This is a more volatile business in terms of our growth strategies, then the credit card business is because of the role that a dealer plays in the business in a sense, holding auctions at the dealership such that -- we -- our growth strategies are particularly sensitive to the credit and underwriting choices that our competitors make because it's sort of amplified in this auction-based environment with dealers really quite a contrast from the credit card business -- to the credit card business where certainly the competitive choices matter. But it's really still a one-on-one business with our customers and prospective customers. That's why you see so much more stability in sort of the marketing and the marketing sort of and the and leaning into the growth that you see on the card side. So as when you think about the last few years. So we've certainly had in the last five or six years, tremendous growth and traction in the auto business. And we -- our strategy was so powered by our technology that we've invested in the business, the data, the underwriting capabilities and the very deep relationships that we've been building with dealers. Over the last couple of years, we were concerned at what was happening with margins as they were pressured by interest rate increases in 2022 and early 2023, some competitors were slow to adjust their pricing. Now more recently, industry lending margins have largely normalized as interest rates have stabilized and many players, including late movers have continued to increase pricing. The other thing, of course, was watching very closely the credit side of the business. And we -- just as we did in the card business, probably actually more proactively and more significantly in auto, we trimmed back around the edges in anticipation of certain worsening and with concerns about score drift in, with respect to the data [indiscernible] from consumers. So that has -- and you've seen the data that where Capital One has pulled back quite a bit. Our outstandings have been shrinking a little bit. You also have seen the striking credit performance we've had and the stability now that is at least two quarters long in terms of what we’re seeing on various credit metrics. So seeing the good metrics and seeing the marketplace, we’re certainly on the lookout for opportunities, but I’m not here to predict an acceleration, but we certainly do like the performance of both our front book and our back book at this point.
Donald Fandetti: Thanks.
A – Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. First question just on the adjusted operating efficiency rate. You've seen some nice improvements over the last two quarters. And I know, Rich, you talked about sort of the year outlook. I'm just wondering, if we could see this type of level or trends sustain itself into next year?
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, we're not going to be giving out guidance on -- at this point on where operating efficiency goes. We certainly are pleased with the progress that we've made over time in operating efficiency ratio even as we've continued to really invest in the business and we're starting to see -- we have these two competing things going on inside Capital One, both a real investment in technology and also at the same time, generating a bunch of benefits and efficiencies from that technology. So the net result of these two things has been -- we've been able to really make tremendous strides forward in technology and also get some efficiencies along the way. I wouldn't put too much reliance on any one quarter, you know these numbers kind of bounce around. But certainly, you probably noticed that in our guidance, we had guidance of flat to modestly down with respect to our efficiency ratio for full year 2023, and we took the flat part out, and we're now just at modestly down. So we continue to believe, over the long term that our technology transformation offers a lot of promise for operating efficiencies and delivering operating efficiency is an important part of, I think, the value creation equation for investors. I do want to say, though, at the same time, we continue to really see great opportunities in the business. We continue to still invest in technology to capitalize on even greater opportunities over time. And that's the story of our operating efficiency ratio.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Perfect. Then I have a follow-up question just on the leaning into growth in card. Where exactly is that happening? I mean, obviously, you talked about adjusting the risk parameters, and that's obviously flowing through in the credit numbers improving. Is it more on the transactor side that you're leading into growth or is it balanced across all segments? I'm just curious sort of the implications on a go-forward basis? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Thank you. So we are finding traction across the spectrum really. So -- and we're leaning in across the spectrum. One thing I do want to say about growth, the outstandings growth if we really think about just the strength of loan growth -- for a while, the striking loan growth for Capital One and the industry was -- we all said, well, this is just reversing the pullbacks from the pandemic. But I think for us and for a lot of players in the industry, these loan numbers have blown past prior levels. And let's just reflect a little bit on what has sustained this. My view is, well, there's the Capital One effect. We continue to have significant new account growth, and that obviously powers a lot of overtime loan growth. Payment rates are coming down. Interestingly, they have come down quite a bit. But as a general statement, they're not down to where they were before. Part of that mix effect at Capital One because we've had a lot of traction on the spending side. But even within segments, if I were to generalize, payment rates, the payment rates are still higher than they were pre-pandemic. So again, inside that, there's partly a Capital One effect, but I think also sort of a strength of the consumer effect. However, the payment rates have come down and that somewhat and that has powered growth. And I think likely no one's going to be able to prove this, but I think there are inflation effects underneath the surface. When things cost more as long as consumer incomes stay up to where inflation is, you generally have some natural, I think, inflation effects that drive some of this growth as well. So we see a lot of strength there. And some of those are Capital One specific comments, I’m making and several of those are really kind of industry points.
A – Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good afternoon. On the -- back to the -- your commentary around the slowing pace of the increase in delinquencies that you're seeing in card and some of the stabilization that you're citing. I know you indicated that charge-offs should of course, lag that. Can you give us maybe some way to think about how long that lag could be? Is it a two to three quarter type of window that we're looking for losses to follow through on that front? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I don't want to make a precise prediction on that. I want to first of all, pull up and say, when we -- the thing that we tell everybody to look at is, what we say is, what we look at is delinquencies because that is the first indicator, that's why we have been talking not just quarterly but really even looking at the last couple of months and seeing the sort of more stabilization on the credit card side, which is very encouraging. Delinquency basically customers go delinquent and ultimately charge off six months later. And so there is -- but sometimes they go faster, sometimes they go slower. And of course, lots of times they make their payments. But we're talking about these things being measured in over a couple of quarters. The relationship between the delinquencies and the charge-offs .
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Yes. I hate to re-ask this question, but I think a lot of investors want to make a fine point on this in the fourth quarter. Going back to Ryan and John's question about net charge-offs I think that perhaps what's holding back credit-sensitive financials is obviously the prospect of recession -- but Rich, everything that you've said has seen positive pace of delinquency rate normalization slowing, stability of credit performance in recent vintages. As we think about what happened in September in terms of the card charge-off rate and look at the quarterly charge-off rate in third quarter and second quarter. Is it fair to draw the conclusion that as we look forward to the fourth quarter net charge-off rate that given the stability of all the leading indicators that the charge-off rate will be mostly driven by seasonality rather than normalization, if normalization has stabilized for now?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So Erika, thanks for your question. Let me say a few things. So let's -- first of all, one of the things that makes this already challenging business for everyone studying it, including those of us who live it every day, is the seasonality -- in the volatility, which a big element of that is seasonality. So let's just let's -- talk just a little bit about seasonality. Card and auto delinquencies tend to improve each year around the tax refund season and then they worsen gradually over the rest of the year. The second quarter is typically the seasonal low point for card delinquencies and Q4 is the seasonal high point. Card losses lag relative to delinquencies. So they tend to be seasonally lowest in the third quarter and highest in the first quarter. And now in the third quarter, so our domestic card delinquencies increased. So it's kind of interesting that we're talking about sort of a leveling -- a stabilizing kind of direction when we're actually looking at delinquencies for the quarter that went up 57 basis points on a sequential quarter basis. And that's versus a typical seasonal expectation of kind of -- sort of somewhere in the neighborhood of like 37 basis points. But -- so you can even see for the quarter that most of the increase that we observed was seasonal. But then that's where we've said. If you zoom in the month -- the months of August and September, the month-over-month movement is getting really close to just the normal seasonal trend. And so this is one of the early indications that the trend of normalization we've been seeing may be stabilizing. Now one thing I want to say, obviously, you hear bullish man in my commentary, I'm not here to just wave my arms and declare a turn. We have a couple of months of very encouraging data. We'd love to see more data where we have seen a couple of quarters where we've seen a longer stretch of data is in the -- more on the lower end of the card business, interestingly, as I talked about, and in the auto business. So that's where things have really kind of appear to have stabilized. Our upmarket card business is getting there a little bit not quite as -- not quite there yet. So I start by saying, we'd love to see a little more data to be fully confident of what we're seeing. The second thing, I want to say with -- then now to your question about charge-offs, first of all, what we see, especially in the months of August and September, you're not going to see that show up with stabilized charge-offs as soon as the fourth quarter because it really is a couple of quarters that -- to the earlier question that was asked, it's really a couple of quarters before the charge-offs performed sort of in line with the delinquencies. So we're not going to make predictions here, and I don't -- I just I always -- we're always very kind of try to be as clear as we can on what we see. We happen to see some pretty positive things here, but they can also be ahead fake and a head fake and not be as good as they appear.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Dominick Gabriele: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks so much for taking my question. When you think about capital ratios and Basel end game and the need to build capital specifically for unused lines, how do you think about mitigating if at all, mitigating your unused lines and given your capital target of about 11% today, maybe you could just talk to us about the factor of Basel unused lines and the effect going over on your capital levels and the ROTCE target? And then I just have a follow-up, if you don't mind. Thanks.
Andrew Young: Yeah, I'm going to come back, Dominick, because the last half of your question. I wasn't sure I followed it. But in terms of unused lines, one of our long-standing strategies has been to start people with smaller lines and allow them to grow. And so, I would say, I wouldn't expect a meaningful shift in that strategy solely in the service of risk-weighted assets. So overall, though, as you look at the risk weightings that have come out in the end game proposal. For us, in aggregate, recall, we're not in mortgage or trading. So looking at the net of retail and commercial, inclusive of the gold plating, those are largely fighting to a draw in terms of overall risk-weighting impact, specifically on the asset side. Like everyone else, of course, we're going to have an impact from the operational risk RWA. But I didn't quite follow the second half of your question around ROTCEs. Could you just repeat that for me?
Dominick Gabriele: Sure. Sorry about that. I was just curious, if you basically had to hold more capital because it's my understanding that you would have to hold additional capital against unused lines versus just drawn lines now. And so I was just curious, if your capital ratio would have to rise and -- and if that would affect the long-term return on like return on in any way?
Andrew Young: Got it. Yeah, sorry, I didn't quite follow the second half of it. That was what I was trying to explain in my answer is, the net of all of that ultimately ends up being a wash, the part where we will be holding more capital on the denominator side, strictly for the risk-weighting assets again, I should highlight that it's in a comment period, a lot of industry focus on it and well, particularly as it relates to the opt risk calculation, there could be material impacts on the final outcome relative to what's proposed. But taking what is currently proposed, the asset side specifically outside of the operational risk ends up being roughly a draw for us, and it's really just the operational risk that's going to require us to hold more capital.
Jeff Norris: Dominick, you have a follow-up? Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Norris: You there Bill.
Bill Carcache: Can you hear me?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah.
Bill Carcache: Okay. Great. Thank you. Yeah. So I wanted to ask about the leaf fee proposal. The consensus view is that we'll get it very soon. It will be immediately litigated. Can you give us your view on the likely path that you would anticipate and possibly speak to any potential costs that might be associated with it?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Bill. So the CFPB's late fee proposal as currently contemplated would reduce late fees by approximately 75%. And while the CFPB's proposal has not yet been finalized, we expect the CFPB to publish a proposal soon, probably before the end of the year. Now once the CFPB publishes its final rule, we expect there to be industry litigation that could delay or block the implementation of this rule. And this litigation will likely delay the implementation of the rule until at least the second half of 2024 and maybe longer. If the proposed rule is implemented, there will be a significant impact to our P&L in the near term. However, we have a set of mitigating actions that we're working through that we believe will gradually resolve this impact a couple of years after the rule goes into effect. These choices include changes to our policies, products and investment choices. Some of these actions will take place before the rule change takes effect many will come after the rule change takes effect.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: One moment please. Our final question is a follow-up from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Dominick Gabriele: Hey. Sorry about that. I think I got cut off. Can you hear me okay?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, we can Dominick.
Dominick Gabriele: All right. Sorry about that, guys. I was actually just curious on the quarter-over-quarter increase in domestic card yield. I know that there's sometimes some seasonality in the third quarter, and we've also had a lot of rate hikes in previous years around the third quarter. I was wondering if you could just walk us through some of the dynamics in the quarter-over-quarter increase in domestic card? Thanks so much.
Andrew Young: Yeah, Dominick. I can't remember who asked it earlier, but just reiterating some of those points, I think you largely answered your own question, which is there is seasonality that in part is -- or is a function of the revolve rates driven by some of the dynamics, Rich talked about over the course of the year, we did see the Fed move. And then we also saw a bit of late fees, which I would lump into the seasonality dimension. And then finally, we had one more day in the third quarter, so day count in an absolute sense, not necessarily relative to peers, which I think was the nature of the question earlier, but at least in an absolute sense. Those are the big drivers of what drove the quarter-over-quarter yield.
Jeff Norris: Well, thanks, everybody for joining us on the conference call this evening, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here later this evening to answer any questions that you may have. Have a great evening, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Capital One Q2 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Amy, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. 
 In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2023 results. 
 With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on quarterly earnings release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. 
 Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew? 
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the second quarter, Capital One earned $1.4 billion or $3.52 per diluted common share. Pre-provision earnings of $4.2 billion were up 7% compared to the first quarter and 16% compared to the year ago quarter. Both period end and average loans held for investment increased 1% relative to the prior quarter, driven by growth in our Domestic Card business. Period-end deposits declined 2% in the quarter, largely driven by tax-related outflows. Our percentage of FDIC insured deposits grew 1% to end the quarter at 79% of total deposits. We have provided additional details on deposit trends on Slide 18 in the appendix. 
 Revenue in the linked quarter increased 1% driven by noninterest income. Noninterest expense decreased 3% in the quarter driven by declines in both operating and marketing expenses. Provision expense was $2.5 billion, with $2.2 billion of net charge-offs and an allowance build of $318 million. 
 Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. The $318 million increase in allowance brings our total company allowance balance up to $14.6 billion as of June 30. The total company coverage ratio is now 4.7%, up 6 basis points from the prior quarter. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. 
 In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance increased by $544 million, increasing our coverage ratio by 12 basis points to 7.78%. Three factors impacted the allowance in the quarter. The predominant factor was growth as ending domestic card loans grew about $5 billion in the quarter. The second factor was the impact of removing the relatively lower loss content from the second quarter of 2023 and replacing it with higher forecasted loss content for the second quarter of 2024 as part of our 12-month reasonable and supportable period. These 2 factors were partially offset by an improvement in our economic outlook, which still assumes a worsening from today's level. but less so than our outlook a quarter ago. 
 In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance declined by $20 million, mostly driven by the decline in loans. The coverage ratio was essentially flat at 2.83%. And finally, in our Commercial Banking business, the allowance decreased by $218 million. In the quarter, we moved approximately $900 million of loans from our commercial office portfolio to held for sale as we pursue the potential sale of a portion of the portfolio to reduce future risk. With that move, we recognized charge-offs that were already largely reflected in our allowance, which was the primary factor driving this quarter's decrease. The decrease in allowance from moving these loans to HFS was partially offset by a build for our remaining commercial office portfolio. We have provided additional details on our Commercial Office portfolio in the appendix of tonight's presentation. The coverage ratio in the Commercial business decreased by 20 basis points and now stands at 1.62%. 
 Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the second quarter was 150%, up from 148% last quarter and 144% a year ago. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter decreased by about $9 billion to $118 billion, driven by modest declines in both cash and the investment portfolio. Our cash position ended the quarter at $42 billion, down about $5 billion from the prior quarter. We are also disclosing our net stable funding ratio for the first time this quarter. The preliminary average quarterly NSFR for both the first and second quarters was 134%, well above the 100% regulatory minimum. 
 Turning to Page 7. I'll cover our net interest margin. Our second quarter net interest margin was 6.48%, 12 basis points lower than last quarter, and 6 basis points lower than the year-ago quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decline in NIM was driven by deposit and wholesale funding costs increasing more than asset yields. That impact was partially offset by a continued mix shift towards card loans and 1 additional day in the quarter. 
 Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 12.7%, approximately 20 basis points higher than the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was partially offset by changes in risk-weighted assets, common and preferred dividends and the $150 million of share repurchases we completed in the quarter. 
 At the end of the second quarter, the unrealized losses in AOCI from our AFS investment portfolio were $7.6 billion. If we were to include the full impact of these unrealized losses in our regulatory capital, our CET1 ratio would have ended the quarter at 10.4%. 
 During the quarter, the Federal Reserve released the results of their stress test. Our preliminary stress capital buffer requirement, which will be effective on October 1 of this year, is 4.8%, resulting in a total Fed capital requirement of 9.3%. We continue to estimate that our longer-term CET1 capital need is around 11%. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich? 
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. The Domestic Card business posted another quarter of strong year-over-year top line growth. Purchase volume for the second quarter was up 7% from the second quarter of last year. Ending loan balances increased $21 billion or about 18% year-over-year. And second quarter revenue was also up 18% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin declined 40 basis points from the prior year quarter and remained strong at 17.76%. 
 The decline was driven by 2 factors: first, loans grew faster than purchase volume and net interchange revenue in the quarter. This dynamic is a tailwind to revenue dollars, but a headwind to revenue margin. And second, charge-offs increased, so we reversed more finance charge and fee revenue. These factors were partially offset by an increase in the revolve rate. 
 The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was up 212 basis points year-over-year to 4.38%. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end increased 139 basis points from the prior year to 3.74% and is now above its June 2019 level. The charge-off rate hasn't quite caught up yet but based on what we see in our delinquencies, we expect the monthly charge-off rate will reach 2019 levels in the third quarter. 
 Noninterest expense was up 8% from the second quarter of 2022, driven by higher operating expense, partially offset by a modest year-over-year decline in marketing. Total company marketing expense was down about 12% year-over-year in the second quarter to $886 million. In most years, marketing is lower in the first half of the year and higher in the second half. In 2022, that pattern was less pronounced. In 2023, our marketing is following a more typical historical pattern. 
 Our choices in Domestic Card are the biggest driver of total company marketing, and we continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation. We continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient growth and enhance our Domestic Card franchise. And as always, we're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. 
 We're seeing the success of our marketing and strong growth in Domestic Card new accounts, purchase volume and loans across our card business, and strong momentum in our decade-long focus on building a franchise with heavy spenders at the top of the marketplace continues. 
 Slide 12 shows second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the second quarter, auto originations declined 31% year-over-year. Driven by the decline in auto originations, Consumer Banking ending loans decreased about $4.3 billion or 5% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were down 1%. We posted another quarter of strong year-over-year retail deposit growth. Second quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up about $30 billion or 12% year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, ending deposits were down about 2%, largely as a result of typical seasonal tax outflows. Average deposits were up 12% year-over-year and up 2% from the sequential quarter. Powered by our modern technology and leading digital capabilities, our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to deliver strong results. 
 Consumer Banking revenue was up 8% year-over-year driven by deposit growth. Noninterest expense was down about 4% compared to the second quarter of 2022 driven by the timing of marketing to support our national digital bank. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.40%, up 79 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 5.38%, up 91 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the linked quarter, the charge-off rate was down 13 basis points while the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 38 basis points. 
 Slide 13 shows second quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, ending loan balances were down 2%. Average loans were down 1%. The decline is largely the result of choices we made earlier in the year to tighten credit as well as the movement of loans to held for sale that Andrew discussed. 
 Ending deposits were down 4% from the linked quarter. Average deposits declined 5%. We saw normal outflows throughout the second quarter as clients use their cash for payroll, tax payments and other business-as-usual disbursements. And consistent with the general trend we've seen for several quarters, we also continued to manage down selective, less attractive commercial deposit balances. 
 Second quarter revenue was up 3% from the linked quarter while noninterest expense was down about 9% from the linked quarter. Second quarter commercial credit trends were largely driven by the Commercial Office portfolio, inclusive of the movement of loans to held for sale. The commercial banking annualized charge-off rate increased to 1.62% in the second quarter. The criticized performing loan rate was 6.73%, down 58 basis points compared to the linked quarter and the criticized nonperforming loan rate increased 10 basis points to 0.89%. 
 In closing, we continued to deliver top line growth in Domestic Card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the second quarter. We continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient Domestic Card growth that can deliver sustained revenue annuities and build our franchise and to drive growth in our national digital bank. And we continue to expect that the full year 2023 annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments will be roughly flat to modestly down compared to 2022. 
 Pulling way up, Capital One is at the vanguard of a very small number of players who are investing to build and leverage a modern technology infrastructure from the bottom of the tech stack up to put themselves in an advantaged position to win as banking goes digital. Our modern technology capabilities are generating an expanding set of opportunities across our business. We are driving improvements in underwriting, modeling and marketing as we increasingly leverage machine learning at scale and our tech engine drives growth, efficiency improvement and enduring value creation over the long term. 
 Our investments to transform our technology and to drive resilient growth, put us in a strong position to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value and thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff? 
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session [Operator Instructions]. Amy, please start the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: Maybe to start on the margin, Andrew, where we saw some pressure. Can you maybe just talk about how to think about the margin from here? You talked about card loan run faster, which is a tailwind. But there's obviously -- rising deposit cost has been headwind. So when you put it all together, what do you see the trajectory of the margin shaking out? And embedded within that, what are your most updated expectations for deposit betas at this point? And I have a follow-up question. 
Andrew Young: Sure. So why don't I start with the deposit beta speech Ryan, since that will feed into the NIM. As we talked about last quarter and you see playing out in the marketplace at this point, there's just a number of factors that are impacting beta between product mix and the competitive dynamics on pricing, just how quickly the Fed has moved over the last 5 quarters. All of this happening under the backdrop of QT. And so we put that on top of our view for deposits all of the needs that we have, our desire to grow customer relationships and the like. And so those forces, coupled with the fact that at this point in the cycle, deposit pricing just tends to lag yields. 
 And so you've seen our betas continue to rise over the last few quarters. I talked about the last cycle us being in the low 40s. And a quarter ago, I said you should expect us to kind of move up from where we were. We are now in the 52% range. I wouldn't be surprised if there continues to be upward pressure on beta from here given all of the factors that I just described. 
 So why don't I then start on your question about NIM with headwinds That, of course, would be one, the beta lag as well as what we're seeing in the wholesale funding market, spreads are a little bit wider. So just overall funding costs, I think, would probably be a headwind. And then we're also seeing credit continue to normalize. Rich touched in his talking points around card margin. So revenue suppression would be another headwind, all else equal. But we do see at least a few tailwinds, one being the level of revolve rate in card in the second quarter tends to be seasonally lower. And just on a longer-term basis, the current run rate has been lower over the last couple of years. So both of those factors could be driving card margin up. 
 I also think that when you look at our cash position, cash is likely to remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. This quarter, we saw ending cash come down. Average cash was largely flat since we had built up, cash over the course of the first quarter. But I think you should expect that cash will remain elevated relative to pre-pandemic but over time, it probably will come down at least modestly from here. And then the last thing is in the back half of the year, we'll have an extra day in the quarter. So as we move into Q3, that will be a definitive tailwind. 
 So those are what I would enumerate as the primary forces at play. And so one of the big ones that's going to drive the trajectory is really what ends up happening to beta. 
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then Rich, maybe as my follow-up, maybe just an update on what you're seeing with the consumer. When I look in the credit -- in the card book, delinquencies in the past 4 months have been rising, let's call it, 130, 140 basis points per year. And given all the growth that has come on to the books in the past 24 months, can you give us a sense for how to think about how far past 2024 level -- 2019 levels, we could be going on losses and maybe, Andrew tie in, what this all can mean for the allowance over time? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So just to put some numbers behind your comments. So the Domestic Card delinquencies in the second quarter were about 10% higher than the same quarter of 2019. Our charge-offs are still a bit below their 2019 levels. But based on what we see in our delinquencies, we think they'll get back there in the next few months. 
 So when you interpret our credit metrics, there are a couple of things to keep in mind. There is one effect that is increasing our loss rate that is probably more pronounced for Capital One, at least for a time, which is related to our recovery. Past charge-offs are the raw material for future recoveries and we just lived through 3 years of very low charge-offs. So our recoveries will be unusually low in the short to medium term. This is a larger headwind for us than for most others because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average and because we tend to work our own recoveries, so they tend to come in over time, not all at once, which happens in a debt sale. 
 Also, we have to remember that the credit performance we saw over the past 3 years was unprecedented. So we believe there's some catching up that happens on the other side of that, especially for consumers who might otherwise have charged off over the past 3 years. So we call this sort of the deferred charge-off effect. It's something that really can't be measured. We won't even be able to measure it in hindsight, how big this effect is, but it's intuitively sort of the reverse of the effect we saw in the Global Financial Crisis, which in many ways, just pulled forward charge-offs for lots of folks that were in a vulnerable position. And then what we saw in the aftermath of that for those that -- and weathered that, we just saw strikingly low charge-offs. 
 So I think really what -- kind of what's going on with this whole sort of normalization in the context of such extraordinarily low unemployment rates, I think an important part here is sort of this deferred charge-off effect. And so that's the dynamic we see going on in our business. We continue to feel very good about the credit performance. We're not giving guidance on predicting the level, but we continue to lean into our growth opportunities because the metrics we see are very solid. 
Andrew Young: And then with respect to the allowance, Ryan, I know I've talked a lot about the mechanics in recent calls, so I'll spare all of you the tutorial. But the first thing with respect to the allowance will obviously be allowing for future growth is an obvious contributor to where the allowance goes from here. But then it's really all about the outlook for losses and in particular, what we're projecting for loss rates a year out. So Rich just described a lot of the dynamics that are at play with our outlook for [ client ] losses. So depending on how all those factors play out, that's really going to have the biggest impact, especially as you look out well into '24. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Shane with JPMorgan. 
Richard Shane: Rich, I would describe that I think one of the hallmarks of Capital One over the decades as almost a strategic optimism. When you look at opportunities right now and where your peers are deploying capital, where is your greatest strategic optimism? 
Richard Fairbank: My greatest strategic optimism, Richard, is in the card business. We've -- first of all, we've always been a big fan of the card business starting from the beginning of the company. It's not an accident that we chose the card business because we love the industry structure. We love the opportunity to leverage kind of strategies that we wanted to put in place, the information-based, technology-based strategies. And while that is something one can apply across all of financial services, it certainly has tremendous leverage in a business like the card business. So we've always loved the business. 
 As you know, kind of, you've followed us for a long time, Richard, we -- just because we love a business, doesn't mean we constantly have our foot on the accelerator. So we very much look at the industry structure and then look at the marketplace and make our choices. We -- often, we end up zigging while others zag, as you have seen in the past. 
 We feel very good about the opportunities in the card business for several reasons. I think, well, first of all, just the health of the consumer, just consumer credit is in a very good place. The consumer is in an exceptionally strong place. And I think that gives a foundation of strength even in the context of an economy that's got some concerning aspects to it. Then we look at the competitive environment, I think the competition is intense in card, but it is rational. We see people making credit choices. And just when we look at the competition, and this isn't always true in banking, but I think we see a rational industry making rational choices. And so I think the credit that is being delivered to the consumer is balance to the appetite, and so we feel good about the competitive environment. 
 We look at margins and where they are. They are strong. The credit environment, as we talked about in my answer to Ryan Nash, credit losses are increasing. I think there's a catch-up sort of delayed charge-off effect. But when we look at the metrics, the metrics on recent originations, the metrics on our back book with respect to performance of existing accounts, credit line increases, we just see strength across the board. So we feel very good about that and we look at our marketing programs, and they continue to generate a lot of new accounts. And so pulling way up on that, we like the metrics, we like the results of our programs, and we like the marketplace in credit. 
 And if I cross-calibrate to other parts of the marketplace. The auto business, even while we've been leaning into card, we have been -- had more of our foot on the brake over the last 18 months in the auto business for a number of factors, but probably the biggest one being what was happening on the pricing side and the difficulty in passing through increases in cost of funds. That aspect has normalized mostly in the market. The auto business has still some unique aspects to it that we got to keep an eye on used car prices, and they've been elevated. They're likely to fall over time. And so -- but all in all, we see opportunity maybe expanding a little bit in the auto space, but we'll have to keep an eye on that. But in the very recent sort of months, we've seen the opportunity to lean in a little bit more. 
 And then on the commercial side of the business, obviously, our biggest focus has been on the office portfolio and Capital One, again, tends to take a different path than a lot of companies do. But we -- I think for a lot of banks, they tend to -- when they look at the credit environment when they see credit that is worsening in a particular sector, they tend to pull back on originations, which makes a lot of sense. We often see one more notch on the continuum, which is to look at the assets that we have and look from time to time at, in fact, selling those. We have -- over the last few years, we have actually unloaded something like -- this is -- well, something like $6 billion of loans. That's not an official -- Andrew is the one who gives the precise numbers. What I'm saying is several billion dollars of sort of exiting that we have done. Now in this particular case, we look at the market and see a lot of sustained stress in that market and feel that when we have an opportunity to relieve some of the higher stress aspects of that business, we took that opportunity. 
 So pulling way up, you see at Capital One, we -- for some of our business, we have our foot on the brake and for other parts of the company, our foot is on the gas. But where I would leave you, the net impression I would lead you it is really on the card side, that we're really leaning in the hardest. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. 
Mihir Bhatia: I wanted to start maybe with expenses. It has come in a little bit better than I think what we were expecting, they were down quarter-over-quarter. You mentioned -- you talked a little bit about returning to normal in your prepared remarks. And I was just wondering if you could expand on that a little bit. Was there a decision like to slow down on growth investments, pullback? Like, I guess, what changed just in terms of the expenses or the cadence of expenses through the year? 
Andrew Young: Typically, Mihir, I'll take that one if you're talking just Q1 to Q2. In the first quarter, we typically have seasonal effects to compensation when bonuses are paid, payroll tax issues. You see that in the ST&B, Salary Tax and Benefit line there. So that's really the largest single factor, not necessarily a fundamental shift in any trajectory. 
Mihir Bhatia: Okay. And then maybe just going back to the NIM conversation. I think you talked about some of the puts and takes in the near term. But I was curious just about company-wide NIM or compared to historical, right, I mean, it wasn't atypical for Capital One's NIM to be closer to 7%, high 6s. Do you expect you'll get back there? Or have something fundamentally changed in the business, whether it's the growth in the high balance transactors or something else where you wouldn't get back there? 
Andrew Young: Well, I don't think there's anything fundamentally different in the business, Mihir. I think there's a lot of question around what happens to consumer behavior when we talked about revolve rate in card and other things. And then also on the funding side, partially dependent on what the Fed ends up doing over an extended period of time where rates eventually settle out. I think those are all factors that could ultimately impact where the final resting place is for NIM, but there's nothing that is really fundamentally different across our book from where it was years ago. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: So I know, Rich, you mentioned marketing following the typical seasonality this year, and still expecting it to ramp up in the back half, which makes a lot of sense. And I'm just wondering, when you think about where you want to spend those dollars, is it more on new account acquisition, spurring outstanding loan utilization, is travel a relatively easier one to pull at this stage? And I guess what I'm just wondering is, is there an opportunity to even get more return for your marketing dollars now versus maybe what you've had over the past couple of quarters given the need for people to borrow perhaps more than they had to a year ago? So just those are some of the questions that I had. 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Betsy. Let me talk about the marketing, yes, thanks for commenting about the seasonality. I mean every year is different in terms of the quarterly patterns. But we pointed out this year is, it seems like a more normal year with the back half, with the more common back half, higher back half than we've had in some of the anomalous times during the pandemic. The marketing was flat compared -- in this quarter, was flat compared to the prior quarter and down 12% year-over-year. But I wouldn't draw really strong conclusions from that because as I already talked about, we're leaning into the marketing. It's just from a timing point of view of some of our marketing, it was just didn't happen to fall as much in this quarter. 
 And let me talk about the opportunities that we see and why we're investing heavily in marketing, really, first of all, we just see attractive growth opportunities across our business. Particularly in the card business, we've continued to expand our products and our marketing channels. We're seeing very good traction. These opportunities are significantly enhanced by our technology transformation that enabled us to leverage more data, access more channels, leverage machine learning models and provide customized solutions that continues to just generate very good performance, and we're leaning in to capitalize on that. So sort of category one is just the good opportunities that we see. 
 The second thing that's behind our marketing levels is something we've been talking about for a long time, which is our ongoing focus on heavy spenders. And it was really back in 2010 that we declared a strategic push for heavy spenders. And we knew in looking at the business that, that's not a thing that we can go lean in one year, pull back another year. This is a whole part of the marketplace, which is about commitment. It's about building exceptional experiences, great products and the brand. 
 So starting really with the venture launch way back in 2010, we've been leaning in hard there. But of course, it hasn't just been about flagship cards. It's been about working backwards from what it takes to win with heavy spenders and investing across really the digital experience, the servicing experience, the lifestyle and product experiences as well. And what's been nice about this is that we've and you've seen in our purchase volume growth, a lot of growth of purchase volume, but another strong manifestation of this is the rate of growth year after year has been higher at the higher end than the average. So we continue to get increased traction going up and up in the pursuit of heavy spenders. 
 Now, of course, heavy spenders have much higher upfront cost of marketing, promotions, brand building. And hence, it's a big factor in why the marketing levels at Capital One, if you compare back to many years ago, they're sort of structurally higher but that's in pursuit of this really, I think, company transforming benefits that we're getting there. 
 A third factor driving our marketing levels, Betsy, is our continuing investment in building our national retail bank. As you know, we have only a modest presence in terms of physical distribution. And so to get there, we lean heavily on our modern technology and a compelling digital experience and along with that, a sustained investment in marketing. So that's a bit about what's behind our marketing levels that you're seeing and the opportunities we see. And if we really look across those 3 sort of buckets, just the growth opportunities we see, the opportunities in building the heavy spender franchise and then the building of the national bank being sort of the one bank that's building a full-service bank without trying to do it via a branch on every corner, all of this marketing is the engine behind this, and we continue to lean into it and be very pleased with the performance. 
Betsy Graseck: And its growth rate expectations should be following similar patterns to the pre-COVID environment? 
Richard Fairbank: Well, let me comment for a second. Well, let me first say, we're not really giving growth outlook. The thing I really want to say about marketing is marketing drives the origination of accounts. The real growth of our card business comes really from balanced growth and also from purchase volume growth, of course. But those are not one-for-one things. But what we have been focused on since the founding of the company is building a company that has an organic growth engine focused on originations and leveraging the technology and analytical capabilities that we built. And so our -- when you see our leaning in hard to marketing. Think about that is the engine that's driving new accounts. And over time, those accounts really are, to your point, even though the timing is not one-for-one, those accounts are really the foundation for the continued outstandings and revenue growth of the company. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Andrew, I hate to do this, but I want to go back to the allowance coverage trends going forward. If we zoom into that complex calculation of removing previous and adding future quarters of net charge-offs. In your current forecast, do you have losses sort of rising through the end of next year? And maybe you could just touch on the new macro baseline and what the unemployment rate assumption is? 
Andrew Young: Yes. So the baseline assumption and our outlook focusing, I imagine you're looking mostly for unemployment rate. So we have it increasing from the 3.6% it is today to 4.3% at the end of this year and then moving higher in the 4s, but staying in the 4s through 2024. That compares to our assumption last quarter of, I believe, it was 5.1%. But remember that our models tend to use the change in unemployment rates or the rate of job creation, which we're forecasting to come down to nearly 0, rather than the level of unemployment. And so it's not just about those factors, too, in our allowance. We're also considering downside scenarios that are much more severe than that baseline. 
 So when you take that into account to your first question around what are we assuming, I'm not going to give specific forecast. Rich listed out kind of the factors that we believe will create upward pressure on our loss rates in the near term, at least. And so we did assume that there's higher losses in the second quarter of next year than the quarter that we just left sort of mechanically, as I described this quarter's allowance. But where that goes from here is just so heavily assumption-laden focused on the back half of the year, I'd really focus your attention much more to delinquencies as the leading indicator to charge-offs, especially in the near term because that's where the economics ultimately are felt as opposed to the allowance that is going to move quarter-to-quarter based on assumptions looking many quarters into the future. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. Rich, I asked this question to one of your competitors earlier. But can you just pinpoint what's exactly attractive about the growth you're seeing in card today versus in the past? They are also growing at a pretty rapid rate. And obviously, you guys have been very successful at growing this business over time, but the market remains competitive. You talked about the credit normalization. There's obviously a potential for economic challenges. I'm just trying to think through the risks. 
Richard Fairbank: So Sanjay, there certainly are things to be worried about. The economy is unusual and has aspects of a lot of strength and a lot of concern. The credit normalization, we all see it. And so I'm going to make the worry case just slightly here for a second, the credit normalization has -- credit is still at very attractive levels, but it still has an upward slope to it, and nobody -- well, we certainly don't feel in a position to predict exactly where that settles out. And so we'll have to keep that very much front and center. And the market is very competitive, absolutely. 
 So at a time like this, we -- so -- well, on the strong side, I start with the health of the consumer. So let's just think about this because the U.S. consumer is a real source of relative strength in this uncertain economy. The labor market has proven strikingly resilient over the past year. And there are signs of cooling, but so far, they're playing out gradually without abrupt or severe job losses that we see in severe downturns. 
 Another striking thing, the debt servicing burdens remain low by historical standards despite rising interest rates. Home prices have started to tick back up after falling for a while and we've talked a lot about consumers and their excess savings that they built up through the pandemic. And they still have some excess savings, although that buffer is shrinking. And for many consumers, I think it's been fully consumed by higher prices. 
 The big negative, back to negatives, the big negative out there has been inflation and real wages have been pushed down since really over the last couple of years and consumer confidence, that's been pretty shaky. 
 But on the whole, I'd say consumers are in reasonably good shape. So then we also believe when the -- we have believed for quite a while, you remember in our conversations, even as the losses are rising these days, because we do believe that the deferred charge-off phenomenon is something that is very natural to occur, we're not alarmed to buy where losses are going. Then we look at our own metrics and if we -- obviously, we've talked about delinquencies. We've talked about charge-offs. We also look at payment rates and revolve rates. And I just want to make a comment about payment rates. I'm struck by the strength in payment rates. Throughout the course of the pandemic, payment rates increase, not only for us but across the industry. And more recently, very naturally, payment rates have drifted down from pandemic highs but -- and you can see in our trust metrics, the pretty whopping payment rates that's still there. 
 I guess what I'm struck by is that payment rates not only overall for Capital One, which could definitely has a mix shift toward heavy spenders as potentially driving that. But even when we look by segment, we're struck by the continuing relative strength in payment rates. So that's a good guy. 
 And probably the biggest factor that we look at is the recent originations, the vintage curve performance. And the overall level of risk that we're seeing so far in our new originations is consistent with -- certainly consistent with our expectations, but also on a comparative basis. When we look at the earliest delinquencies on our newest monthly vintages of originations, we see performance that is consistent with pre-pandemic risk levels in each of our major segments. And vintage over vintage, we're also seeing relatively stable risk levels over time. 
 Now one thing I want to say, and Sanjay, you remember, we've talked about this. There's 2 ways you can -- this can happen. One is the sort of unmanaged and the other is the managed way. My favorite way is when vintage performance with the same credit policies as several years ago, when that is on top of the old things, the old originations from years ago, that's actually not the case on what we call a like-for-like basis. The recent originations have worse credit than they had years ago. Again, not surprising at all to us. We all along the way, have been managing reactively and proactively around the edges where we either see or would expect maybe performance to be not as good. And the -- and so we have trimmed around the edges in our originations. And so on a net basis, it is sort of just happens to be that originations these days are on top of where they were several years ago. 
 So pulling way up and based on, for me, more than 3 decades of experience of doing this in the card business, the opportunities that we see and enhanced by a lot of technology innovations and things like that, we see it as a good time to keep leaning in. We have a very watchful eye on all those negatives that you and I talked about. But on a calibration basis, I would -- I like the opportunity. 
 I just want to say one more thing, which you are right. A lot of times, we have leaned in when others are pulling back. As a general observation, most of the industry is leaning in. That gets our attention. It's not as sustainable often when that's the case. So we're going to watch it carefully. But that gave you a little window into how we're looking at this and the optimism that we feel at this moment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. 
Donald Fandetti: Yes. Rich, can you talk about what you're seeing on credit card spend growth rates recently in terms of the like-for-like account basis, I know it was sort of flat to down last quarter. And do you think that we'll continue to see moderation? 
Richard Fairbank: So let's pull up, first of all, our Domestic Card purchase volume was up 7% year-over-year. But that's -- to your question, Don, that's really powered by the growth in our customer base. When you look at spend per customer, this has moderated and is now generally flat from a year ago. And the moderation in spending appears to be broad-based. We've observed it across income bands and card segments. We've also seen it across both discretionary and nondiscretionary categories. 
 By the way, it's not surprising at all that this would sort of level out. The consumer pulled way back in the pandemic, just an unprecedented amount of pullback and now -- and sort of has come roaring back on the other side. But I think for the individual customer, things are sort of settling out. So I think when we ask what would we wish for, I think this is a sensible -- like so often, I always say that's the most sensible constituency in all of the marketplace tends to yet again be the consumer. 
 But overall, we think that spend moderation is the sign of a rational and healthy behavior on the part of the consumer. And then we match it with the payment rates, and those are, look, those are normalizing somewhat. The revolve rates are normalizing somewhat, but both the payment rate and the revolve rates on a segment-by-segment basis are still not there. They're not at the pre-pandemic levels yet, which indicates an underlying strength, at least on average, even when maybe at the margin, you're seeing some of these deferred charge-offs that are driving up credit losses. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arren Cyganovich with Citi. 
 Our last question comes from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. 
Dominick Gabriele: Rich, I was just thinking about turns in the credit cycle. What are some of the mistakes that you think card issuers make and even lenders in general? And where do you look for the weakness in the overall space of lending to give you caution when you start to see that turns in the credit cycle? And I also have a follow-up. 
Richard Fairbank: So yes, it's -- I really appreciate the question, Dominick, because I've often said, we're not in a position, I wouldn't have any of you put any more stock or stake. I guess you investors put stock in, but I wouldn't put any particular stake in our ability to predict the economy. But the credit cycle and the economy are not the same thing. They're correlated, but I think that the credit cycle is the thing that we really focus a lot on because I think a lot of elements of it are pretty predictable. Obviously, it is influenced by and influences the economy. 
 So let's sort of pull way up. We were in this extraordinary period no one has ever seen before in terms of the credit quality during the pandemic. And we enjoyed and our investors enjoyed the high returns that we made in that time. But some of you may remember my saying, be careful what you wish for, because with every passing month that this cycle is abnormally good, we will pay the price later on the other side of that causally because what -- and so if you get into the behavior, and it really links not so much at all to the behavior of consumers, it's really about kind of to your question, what happens to lenders, providers of credit in -- at this part of the cycle, especially in an extreme thing. 
 And we saw alarming things happening during the most extreme periods during the pandemic. The most striking one to me was the absolute surge in FinTech lending, how much of it there was, who knows, because most of them aren't reporting to the credit bureaus so it's just a matter of trying to infer what's going on. But -- so there was a big surge in supply, particularly to subprime, which is where almost all FinTechs go after. And that was alarming to us. And we felt with every month that, that supply keeps coming, as I said earlier, there's a price to be paid. 
 Then you look -- then we look at the context of overlay on top of that, the -- to your question about the common mistakes, what the FinTechs almost by definition were doing because I'm not sure what else they would do, is they were leveraging technology building models in a lot of cases, but the rearview mirror that they were looking into the data set their models had were the greatest credit economy in the history of lending. 
 So that's a dangerous kind of data set for the models. It was exacerbated by credit scores that had drifted dramatically more, a lot of subprime customers moving into prime just by sort of the way scoring works and what was happening as a result of the savings rates going up for consumers. 
 So the -- so with FinTechs, particularly but for all the players in the business, the danger of the rearview mirror, the danger of the misreading the credit risk of customers because they were artificially, their scores would be artificially good. By the way, in our case, we pretty much just intervened in our own modeling and created a way to assume worse than the data says. We also, in our case, put heavy reliance on data and modeling from way back in the last few decades that allows us to sort of get past that. 
 So that -- it's primarily the overexuberance of lenders in the environment of a combination of a great rearview mirror and frankly, a lot of extra earnings, and feeling the ability to deploy a bunch of that into marketing. 
 Now what's happened since then? I think this sort of great normalization has been a very healthy thing. It would be shocking if it didn't happen. But from a health of the industry point of view, I think it's a very good thing. 
 Obviously, the FinTechs -- FinTech lending has gone way. Most of it is retreated significantly. I am struck -- my earlier comment as we watch very carefully the credit card industry, I think the major players seem to be pretty rational about the credit choices they make. And now for everybody with charge-offs rising and without leveling necessarily manifesting itself, I think it's bringing back the appropriate cautions in time for a softer landing here than might otherwise have been there. 
 So those are some of the thoughts that we have and those are things to keep an eye on. One other thing that I just sort of seize a moment here on things that are on our mind because I always try -- to my goal here is to always give you a window into how we're thinking and what net impression do I want folks to come away with, as we look at opportunities and a thing that's very much on our mind is the CFPB efforts on late fees. And I just want to just comment on that because that it's a very important thing that's going on. 
 The CFPB late fee proposal effectively reduces late fees by approximately 75%. And the CFPB is going after the fee that we believe is the most important fee in consumer credit business. Late fees provide a direct and clear incentive for customers to pay on time and avoid becoming delinquent and damaging their credit records. And a small late fee may not have that deterrent effect. Late fees are also a way that issuers can partially price for risk, and this enables greater access -- for consumers, greater access to credit and a lower cost of credit on average. 
 A reduction in late fees is almost certain to reduce credit access to certain parts of the population. And the CFPB proposal is, of course, not yet finalized, and it could be subject to delays or changes due to litigation. But we have to plan for the potential of this becoming law early next year. And Capital One has pursued a strategy of offering very simple credit card products with limited fees and complexity. And ironically, the late fee has been an important part of our product structure because of the reasons that I cited earlier. 
 If the proposed rule is implemented, there will be a significant impact to our revenue, gradually resolving over time. And there are ways to mitigate the impact, but as a practical matter, those solutions will take several years to work their way through the portfolio. 
 So as we pull up and I share with you how we're thinking of the business, we really like the opportunities in the card marketplace we -- for all the reasons that I've talked about, but we also need to really stare at this proposal that may become the rule of the land and I just wanted to share with you how we're thinking about that. And that's an important focus of Capital One. And our solutions to that will be very focused on finding solutions that are consistent with maintaining a winning customer franchise, and that's a thing that takes time to work its way in. 
 Do you have another question, Dominick, you wanted to ask? 
Dominick Gabriele: Yeah. Thanks, Rich. I can't agree with you more on the late fee comments as well, especially access to credit, makes perfect sense. This one is not as interesting. I guess I was just looking for some help on the model. When you look at professional fees or professional service expense, it was down pretty big year-over-year while the salaries were maybe a little elevated versus seasonality. I was wondering if you brought some of those folks in-house or how to think about the professional services given that is some of the debt collection piece, I believe. And then was there a gain in the other noninterest income from the sold portfolio? Any help there would be great. And thanks for everything and the comments. 
Andrew Young: Sure. So I think you've got it right in terms of looking at salaries and benefits in professional services in conjunction with one another as we were making substantial investments in technology we were supplementing that with some third-party resources. We brought that down as we've been able to use our brand -- our recruiting brand to bring incredible talent into the organization. And so it's really looking in some ways at those 2 lines in conjunction with one another to get a sense for the kind of underlying overall labor trend. And then in other noninterest income, no, it's -- well, not specifically a sale, one of the biggest things in that creates some quarter-to-quarter fluctuation is agency income in our commercial business. So it's a little bit lumpy, but we saw some real strength in the quarter, and so that's what drove the quarter-over-quarter increase there. 
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes our Q&A session and our call for this evening. I want to thank everybody for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer further questions you may have. Have a good night, everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to First Quarter 2023 Capital One Financial Earnings Conference Call. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Amy, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website, capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2023 results. 
 With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and click on Quarterly Earnings Release.
 Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports that are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. 
 I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the first quarter, Capital One earned $960 million or $2.31 per diluted common share. Pre-provision earnings of $4 billion were flat to the fourth quarter and up 3% relative to the fourth quarter net of adjustments. Period-end loans held for investment declined 1% and average loans were flat. Total deposits grew throughout the quarter, increasing 4% on average and 5% on an ending basis. The increase in deposits was driven by strong retail deposit inflows, which was slightly offset by a decline in our commercial deposits. Our strong retail deposit growth drove our percentage of FDIC insured deposits, up 2% to end the quarter at 78% of total deposits. 
 We have provided additional details on deposit trends on Slide 18 in the appendix. Revenue in the linked quarter decreased 2%, primarily driven by lower noninterest income while net interest income was largely flat. Noninterest expense decreased 3% in the quarter, driven by a decline in marketing from the seasonally higher fourth quarter. Operating expenses were up about 2% on a GAAP basis and roughly flat net of the fourth quarter adjusting items. Provision expense was $2.8 billion, driven by net charge-offs of $1.7 billion and an allowance build of $1.1 billion.
 Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. The $1.1 billion increase in allowance brings our total company allowance balance up to $14.3 billion as of March 31st. The total company coverage ratio is now 4.64%, up 40 basis points from the prior quarter. In our allowance, our assumptions for key economic variables remain similar to those of last quarter. We continue to assume economic worsening from today's levels on most measures. I'll cover the drivers of the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on Slide 5. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance increased by $867 million, increasing our coverage ratio by 69 basis points to 7.66%. Our build in the quarter was primarily driven by 3 factors: the first factor is the impact of underlying growth in the quarter, which replaced seasonal balances from the fourth quarter for which we held minimal allowance.
 The second factor is the impact of removing the relatively lower loss content from the first quarter of 2023 and replacing it with higher forecasted loss content for the first quarter of 2024. Recall that our allowance methodology uses a 12-month reasonable and supportable forecast period, before it begins to revert to our historical loss average with additional consideration of qualitative factors. 
 And finally, the third factor in our allowance build was the impact of acquiring the BJ's portfolio in the quarter. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance declined by $32 million, mostly driven by the decline in loans. The coverage ratio increased by 2 basis points and now stands at 2.82%. And finally, in our Commercial Banking business, the allowance increased by $245 million. 
 The coverage ratio increased by 28 basis points and now stands at 1.82%. The allowance increase was driven by a $262 million reserve build related to our $3.6 billion commercial office portfolio. The coverage on the commercial office portfolio increased about 770 basis points and now stands at 13.9%. We have provided additional details on this portfolio on Slide 17 of the presentation.
 Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the first quarter was 148%, up from 143% last quarter and 140% a year ago. Total liquidity reserves in the quarter increased by $20 billion to $127 billion, primarily driven by increased levels of cash. Our cash position ended the quarter at $47 billion, up $16 million from the prior quarter. This increase in our cash position was primarily driven by the strong consumer deposit growth I referenced earlier.
 We expect average cash balances in the near term to be elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. In addition to the higher cash, the market value of our AFS securities portfolio grew $5 billion to $82 billion at the end of the quarter. 
 Turning to Page 7. I'll cover our net interest margin. Our first quarter net interest margin was 6.6%, 24 basis points lower than last quarter and 11 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The 24 basis point quarter-over-quarter decline in NIM was driven by 2 factors: first, 15 basis points of the decline was a result of having 2 fewer days in the quarter; and second, the mix impact of the elevated cash balances that I previously described pressured NIM by approximately 11 basis points. Outside of these 2 effects, higher asset yields roughly offset higher funding costs.
 Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio ended the quarter at 12.5%, flat to the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter and lower risk-weighted assets were offset by common and preferred dividends, the $150 million of share repurchase we completed in the quarter and a 17 basis point impact from the phase-in of the CECL transition. At the end of the first quarter, the unrealized losses in AOCI from our AFS investment portfolio were $6.7 billion. 
 If we were to include the impact of these unrealized losses in our regulatory capital, our CET1 ratio would have ended the quarter at 10.5%, and we continue to estimate that our longer-term CET1 capital need is around 11%. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. 
 Rich? 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. 
 I'll begin on Slide 10 with first quarter results in our credit card business. Year-over-year growth in loans and purchase volume drove an increase in revenue compared to the prior year quarter. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. In the first quarter, strong year-over-year growth in every top line metric continued in our Domestic Card business. Purchase volume for the first quarter was up 10% from the first quarter of 2022, ending loan balances increased $23 billion or about 21% year-over-year and revenue was up 17% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans. Revenue margin declined 58 basis points from the prior year quarter and remains strong at 17.7%. 
 Revenue margin continues to benefit from growth in the high-margin segments of our card business. In the first quarter, that benefit was more than offset by 2 factors: first, loans are currently growing at a faster rate than purchase volume and net interchange revenue. That dynamic is a tailwind to revenue dollars, but a headwind to revenue margin. 
 And second, as charge-offs increase, we're reversing more finance charge and fee revenue. Both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate continued to normalize. The domestic card charge-off rate for the quarter was up 192 basis points year-over-year to 4.04%. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end increased 134 basis points from the prior year to 3.66% and is now essentially at its March 2019 level. The charge-off rate hasn't caught up yet. But based on what we see in our delinquencies, we think the monthly charge-off rate we'll get back to 2019 levels around the middle of this year. Noninterest expense was up 11% from the first quarter of 2022, driven by higher operating expense, partially offset by a modest year-over-year decline in marketing. Total company marketing expense was $897 million in the first quarter. 
 Our choices in domestic card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing. First quarter marketing was down about 2% from the year ago quarter and down about 20% from the fourth quarter of 2022 as the first quarter is typically the seasonal low point for domestic card marketing. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business. Our opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation, and we're leaning into marketing to drive resilient growth. As always, we're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. We are seeing the success of our marketing and strong growth in domestic card new accounts, purchase volume and loans across our card business and strong momentum and our decade-long focus on heavy spenders at the top of the marketplace continues. 
 Slide 12 shows first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the first quarter, auto originations declined 47% year-over-year and 6% from the linked quarter. Driven by the decline in auto originations, Consumer Banking ending loans decreased $2.2 billion or 3% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were down 2%. We posted another quarter of strong retail deposit growth. First quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up almost $33 billion or 13% year-over-year and up 8% compared to the sequential quarter. Average deposits were up 9% year-over-year and up 6% from the sequential quarter. Powered by our modern technology and leading digital capabilities, our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to get good traction. 
 Consumer Banking revenue was up 12% year-over-year driven by deposit growth. Noninterest expense was up 4% compared to the first quarter of 2022. The auto charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.53%, up 87 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 5.0%, up 115 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the linked quarter, the charge-off rate was down 13 basis points and the 30-plus delinquency rate was down 62 basis points. The linked quarter trends were consistent with expected seasonal patterns. 
 Slide 13 shows first quarter results for our commercial banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, first quarter ending loan balances were down 1% and average loans were down 2%. The decline is the result of choices we made earlier in the year to tighten credit as well as higher customer paydowns in the quarter. Ending deposits were down 6% from the linked quarter. Average deposits declined 7% decline. We saw normal outflows throughout the first quarter as clients use their cash for payroll, tax payments and other business as usual disbursements. And consistent with the general trend we've seen for several quarters, we also continued to manage down selected less attractive commercial deposit balances.
 First quarter revenue was up 10% from the linked quarter. Recall that revenue in the prior quarter was unusually low, driven by a company neutral move in internal funds transfer pricing. Excluding this prior quarter impact, first quarter commercial revenue would have been down 10%, driven by a decline in noninterest income from our capital markets and agency businesses. Noninterest expense was down 5% from the linked quarter. The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 9 basis points. Criticized loan balances increased primarily in our commercial real estate business. The criticized performing loan rate increased 60 basis points from the linked quarter to 7.31% and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was up 5 basis points from the linked quarter to 0.79%. 
 In closing, once again, we delivered strong growth in domestic card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the first quarter. We continue to see opportunities for resilient domestic card growth that can deliver sustained revenue annuities, and we continue to lean into marketing. And as always, we're closely monitoring and assessing competitive dynamics and economic uncertainty. In our Consumer Banking business, loans declined modestly and consumer deposits grew in the quarter. Our national digital-first consumer banking strategy continued to grow and gain traction, and we're leaning into marketing to grow our consumer deposit franchise. 
 In our commercial bank, ending loans and deposits were down compared to linked quarter, reflecting our cautious stance in the commercial banking marketplace. Our commercial bank continues to focus on winning through deep industry specialization. And across our businesses, credit trends continued to normalize in the quarter, and we reached or we're approaching pre-pandemic levels at quarter end. We continue to expect that the full year 2023 annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments will be roughly flat to modestly down compared to 2022. And our balance sheet demonstrated its strength through the recent period of turmoil in the banking industry. In the first quarter, we built additional balance sheet strength as we increased allowance for credit losses, grew retail deposits and maintained or increased strong levels of capital and liquidity. 
 Pulling way up, the future of everything in banking is digital. And with each passing quarter, banking is accelerating toward its inevitable destination. Capital One is at the vanguard of a very small number of players who are investing to build and leverage a modern technology infrastructure from the bottom of the tech stack up to truly transform technology and put themselves in an advantaged position to win as banking goes digital. Our modern technology capabilities are generating and expanding set of opportunities across our businesses. We are driving improvements in underwriting, modeling and marketing as we increasingly leverage machine learning at scale. We are transforming the customer experience in banking. And our tech engine drives growth efficiency improvement and enduring value creation over the long term. 
 Our investments to transform our technology and to drive resilient growth, put us in a strong position to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value and thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff? 
Jeff Norris: [Operator Instructions] 
 If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Amy, please start the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 And our first question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Sandler. 
Kevin Barker: I just want to follow up on the reserve build within the card portfolio. You said it in the slide presentation worsening credit trends and domestic credit cards. But at the same time, your prepared remarks said this is more of a normalization than anything else and you continue to grow. So what gives you confidence that this reserve build and the fairly rapid increase in delinquency and net charge-offs is truly a normalization as opposed to signs of further deterioration that's likely to occur. 
Richard Fairbank: Kevin, thanks for your question there. Yes, let me just talk about this. Look, I think as we -- as things get back to where they were pre-pandemic, at some point, the word normalization, we'll need to retire that because things get pretty normal. So let's just talk just a little bit about what we're seeing and what's inherent and how we're in our outlook. 
 So at this point, many of our credit metrics have returned to their pre-pandemic levels. Others have not yet, but they're headed there. And we have -- we've particularly pointed as probably the best single metric to look at is delinquencies and delinquencies in the first quarter were at 3.66%, which is essentially back to 2019 levels, excuse me. Now our charge-offs haven't caught up yet, but based on what we see in our delinquencies, we think they'll get back to 2019 levels around the middle of the year -- of the year, excuse me.
 And our credit metrics tend to move what I've seen just over the many years, probably a quarter or 2 ahead of the industry in both directions. We saw that in the global financial crisis, and we saw it again in the pandemic, and we're probably seeing it again here. So first of all, just relative to our outlook and how we think about in terms of forecasting our losses going forward. There is one effect that's more of a Capital One effect. It's an effect that exists for everyone. I think it's more pronounced for Capital One relative to our loss rates, which is related to recovery. So let me just pause and explain that 1 for a minute. 
 Past charge-offs are, of course, the raw material for future recoveries and we just lived through 3 years of very low charge-offs. So our recoveries will be unusually low in the short to medium term. This is a larger headwind for us than most others because we tend to have meaningfully higher recovery rates than the industry average and because we tend to work -- most of our recoveries we tend to work them on our own as opposed to selling them. So the recoveries come in over time and not all at once as would be the case in a debt sale. So that's just a Capital One effect that we've been talking about for a while, and that is inherent in sort of the math of how our charge-offs are working and will work over time. 
 The other effect is the economy. And we are assuming material worsening of labor markets with the unemployment rate rising from today's very low levels to above 5% by the end of 2023. We are also assuming adverse effect from inflation and some further worsening of consumer profiles from the sort of the flip side of their extraordinary outperformance in the earlier period during the pandemic. So that's just a comment about how we create outlooks. We continue to feel very good about the business. We are leaning into our growth opportunities, our originations are coming in consistently solid, and we like the opportunities we see out there.
 We underwrite -- we always have underwritten for worsening scenario. So as the economy -- and sort of as credit performance normalizes, which we've expected for a long period of time, we are just continuing right on the path we have been on for quite some time. Every quarter, we trim a little bit around the edges where we see or where we anticipate an effect where customers might be a little bit more vulnerable. 
 We're also struck by the continued expansion of opportunities that are very resilient, and we're leaning into those. So we -- this business is built to anticipate volatility in losses and higher loss rates. And what we're doing is consistent with things that we have expected and we continue to really feel good about the opportunities. 
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then in the past, you made comments that the new growth -- the flow rates were relatively normal on a lot of your newer business. Do you continue to see that? And then also in the near term, are you still seeing the type of traction from your marketing spend, I guess, in the first quarter as you did in 2022? 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So on your question about flow rates. Let me just -- why don't I just seize the moment a little bit and just talk about a bunch of our credit metrics and where they are. So we've talked about delinquencies we've talked about losses. Our individual flow rates have normalized and if we look at very early entry flow rates and a couple of delinquency buckets. In some cases, they're just a tick higher than they were in the way back at 2019 levels, but things are basically back. 
 Our payment rates have -- payment rates are a striking thing because you saw just the electrifying -- well, sorry, if you look at the trust data, the electrifying increase. The whole industry's flow rates increased pretty dramatically. Capital One's increased the most. And that was a striking effect driven really by 2 different things. One is the flip side of the -- or a manifestation of the extraordinary credit performance of the consumer where they just were in such a good position. They just were paying the card off at high levels. And it was also a manifestation of the continuing mix shift towards the top of the market and the traction we were getting in heavy spenders. 
 So payment rates have declined from the very high levels. They're not even close to where they were originally. But because of these 2 effects, if we separate them out and sort of look segment by segment, we see that payment rates are declining in every segment, but not yet back to where they were pre-pandemic. So that's something to keep an eye on there. Our revolve rate is roughly flat to last year and remains below pre-pandemic levels. But I think, again, there's a growth in transacting balances effect there. So we'll have to sort of adjust for that. And then a very important one is new originations. 
 Let's talk about that. So we see early performance that is consistent with our expectations, the earliest delinquencies, so we, of course, look very carefully at the early delinquencies on our most recent vintages that would be some months ago because they have to have a few months where we can start reading them. But the earliest delinquencies on our newest monthly vintages of origination are consistent with pre-pandemic originations as we compare 1 segment at a time on current originations versus several years ago. 
 And then vintage over vintage month over month for recent vintages, we're seeing pretty stable risk levels. So we feel very good about that. One thing that I've commented on over time is we have continued to -- in anticipation of market changes trim a little bit around the edges so that our -- the fact that our originations are performing on top of -- sort of where they were several years ago is also the result of some active anticipatory management. And so probably it offset some underlying worsening that's happened in the marketplace. 
 So if we pull up on that set of metrics, we are -- we continue to feel very good about the choices we're making, as I said before, the -- this is -- puts us in a position to continue to lean into the marketing. We enter our originations, anticipate worsening as just a matter of underwriting anyway. And so we're leaning into the marketing even as we continue to trim a little bit around the edges here or there. And so in some ways, our message here is just very, very similar with the feel of how this has been for really quite a few quarters now. 
Operator: Next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: So just want to make sure I understand on the reserve ratio. I know you already spoke a lot about it. So I just want to make sure I understand you just say yes or no. Is it fair to assume that the reserve ratio should go up every quarter where the macro stays in the current situation that we've got right now because the book that's rolling on is worse quality than the book that's rolling off. Is that fair? 
Andrew Young: I don't want to limit myself to a yes or no, Betsy, given the framing of your question. The short answer is no. And I will spare you from the allowance tutorial answer that I provided a quarter ago. But really, the mechanics are -- we have assumed for the losses or reserved for the losses that based on the current balances, that were on the books at the end of the quarter, what we assume we will experience over the next 12 months. And so if you're just replacing loan for loan with similar characteristics, you wouldn't otherwise have a build. I'm getting -- if I'm interpreting the nature of your question correctly. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then the follow-up question is just on a slightly different topic, which has to do with the expense ratio. I know you mentioned that you're looking for the operating efficiency to be flat to down this year on a year-on-year basis. I'm just wondering how to square that with what you mentioned on the marketing side where it sounds like you see a lot of opportunities in card and you are planning on leaning into the marketing side. So I just wanted to square those 2 things up. 
Andrew Young: Well, Betsy, let me just clarify, and then I'll turn it over to Rich. When our guidance for efficiency relates to operating expenses, it is not a total efficiency point. And so it would exclude whatever choices we make in marketing from that calculation. But I'll turn it to Rich to respond to the broader question. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, I was going to say the same thing. So our guidance is with respect to operating efficiency ratio to be flat to modestly down relative to 2022. And we continue to put a lot of energy into that, of course. The total efficiency ratio includes also the marketing side of the business, as we've talked about. That's not part of our specific guidance. Our marketing choices are very dependent on the opportunity that we see, and Betsy -- you and most of the people on this call have known Capital One for a long time. And when we see opportunities, we really lean in on them. And so we can talk about marketing maybe on another question, but that's the efficiency point there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Rich, you had mentioned that you expected the card charge-offs to kind of reach 2019 levels by the middle of the year. You also talked a little bit about assuming higher unemployment over time. I guess, what's the -- what should we think about as the trajectory, I guess, in other words, which is 2019 a stopping point? Or is -- if your expected unemployment levels are reached, then we would expect to see those losses go up even higher. 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, just with respect to unemployment rate. I want to make a comment on that. All companies, including Capital One, try to look into limited historical data. And the thing I often call trying to model on 2 humps of the camel because it's only been a small number of times in the history of the card business that various economic metrics have gone up and gone down. So limited to the camel hump point, we all do our best to try to look at the drivers of -- and the correlations with respect to credit losses. 
 A striking thing all along in our journey has been the -- sort of parallel movement of unemployment rates and credit losses. So the -- it turns out from a modeling point of view, while often in the standard way people talk about things is to focus on the level of unemployment, in many of our models, actually, the rate of change is what matters most either as a measure like monthly job creation or is the change to the unemployment rate. 
 So an increase in the unemployment rate from the 3s to the 5s is pretty material worsening. But that's more of a window into the -- well, we would be cautious about even though historically, card losses almost strikingly to the number of average industry card losses. They've been pretty close to the unemployment rate over those 2 humps of a camel in the past. But I think that -- I think we lean a little harder into the effects that happened when unemployment rate changes. And therefore, that just happens to be a bigger element in our own models. 
 I do want to just make a couple of other points, just intuitive points about the economy. So we start with a consumer that's in a very strong place. We know that. And the consumer excess savings on average is, of course, winding down, but it's still there. But of course, credit losses play out at the margin, not just on average. But there are just a couple of effects that none of us will know until sort of after the fact one of the two, I'm going to talk about will never know, but I just want to comment on those because those affect our outlook of where credit losses can be.
 One, of course, is inflation. And none of us really have historical data in the card business to understand or predict the effects of significant increases and levels of inflation, but we are expecting inflation to impact consumer credit by compressing real incomes and as kind of a separate effect from an unemployment effect. And we -- since we haven't seen sustained inflation for more than 40 years, we can't really model this effect directly, but we make informed assumptions in our outlook to sort of account for this effect. So for example, a way to think about this is if there is a decline in real income that happens with this, we can look at our history and our cross-sectional evaluation of how people do as a function of different income levels, and then we can sort of extrapolate from those credit effects and proxy how something like inflation can have an effect there.
 So it's sort of using proxies, but it matches off to an intuitive assumption that high levels of inflation are going to be challenging for people. And finally, the other effect is, as I intuitively think about the marketplace, over all the years of sort of my journey in this, we've tended to see that periods of abnormally good credit are followed by periods of worse credit and vice versa. And the credit performance we saw over the past 3 years was unprecedented.
 So there's -- what maybe we could call a catching-up effect that happens on the other side of that for consumers who might otherwise have charged off over the past 3 years. And sort of the reverse of this effect happened in the global financial crisis, where charge-offs were accelerated and then it was kind of followed by a period of strikingly benign credit. This is an effect, I intuitively believe, we can't measure it. We won't even in hindsight, be able to measure it, but I just think it's part of the intuition that we bring into the business. 
 So when we pull kind of way up on things, we share with you the credit metrics that we see. And pretty much what you see is all that we see. So now we're all in the business of saying, where does this go from here? I shared with you some intuitive views that would lead to higher charge-off levels over time. And when we look at those, when we look at our card how we underwrite in card, we both can believe effects like this or -- will happen over time and also how strong the opportunity in card continues to be. 
 So that's just a little window into how we think about that. And then that's sort of me talking, but then, of course, Andrew leads the whole process relative to -- and our Head of Credit, the whole process relative to the allowance build. But anyway, those are some thoughts about credit and how the kind of factors that may play out over time. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Maybe just switching gears a little bit. You mentioned the capital ratio and then the capital ratio if the AOCI were excluded or included. When you think about capital return over the next year, which one of those are you using as your base? 
Andrew Young: Yes, Moshe, it's Andrew. We look at a number of things as we are considering our capital actions. And so I've been saying for a couple of quarters now, we've seen an increased level of uncertainty in the economic environment, wide ranges around growth opportunities and everything that's happened over the last 1.5 months has increased that level of uncertainty. And so we continue to believe that it's prudent to operate above our 11% long-term target, both until we have more clarity, both not only on the economic front, but to the potential regulatory changes that may be coming down the pike, which could very well include treatment of AOCI in capital. 
 But of course, we don't know that yet. And so for now, we're continuing to operate above that long-term target. But suffice it to say, we have substantial capital generation capacity, and we regularly evaluate our plans in light of the economic changes in light of regulatory changes, we have the ability to pivot quickly in our deployment and certainly we'll do so when we feel like the time is right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Shane with JPMorgan. 
Richard Shane: Andrew, I'd like to talk a little bit about the impact of the surge in deposits. When we look at the impact, it appears that it primarily runs through the corporate and other line in terms of where the NIM impact is. But the other change that I think we see is that it looks like the transfer pricing on deposits went down modestly. When we think about things going forward, should we assume that there's a continued drag at the corporate line from the elevated deposits and that because the reinvestment rate is lower, that the transfer pricing is going to be a little bit lower as well. 
Andrew Young: Well, Rick, let me just clarify first. And I'm assuming you're just looking at the net interest income trends in other, which does serve as a clearing house for FTPs, but happy to talk to you offline in more detail about this. But the basic tenets of the FTP process or there's an arm's length transaction between corporate and other and deposits. And so they're getting a prevailing rate, which shows up in the revenue of either the Consumer Banking segment or the commercial banking segment. And so there isn't a subsidy or drag going on there. There's just a number of other clearing factors that happen in other. 
Richard Shane: Understood. But actually, we've figured out a way over the years to calculate the NII on the transferred deposits through the consumer bank and it looks like they were down, and it's been very accurate over a long time. It looks like the transfer deposit rate was down about 8 basis points -- so at the consumer bank. So I'm curious, it looks like there was a drag in terms of corporate and other and actually the benefit of the bank was a little bit less attractive from an NII perspective as well. 
Jeff Norris: Rick, it's Jeff. I don't think we can comment on a calculation that you're doing that we don't fully understand. Why don't you and I take that offline? 
Richard Shane: Okay, terrific. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arren Cyganovich with Citi. 
Arren Cyganovich: Maybe talk a little bit about credit card purchase volumes look like they inched up a little bit during the quarter. We've heard that from others that they're seeing slowdown in purchase volume in March and into April. What are you seeing within your portfolio? And are there kind of any differences between different income demographics that you're seeing within your customers? 
Richard Fairbank: So Aaron, yes. Let's just talk about purchase volume. So -- in Q1, our card purchase volume was up 10% year-over-year. And this grows while it's very solid, has decreased from the first part of 2022. But I think it's striking to separate out spend per active account and then like the growth of accounts and some of the benefits of our recent origination efforts. So if we look at spend per active account, now it was sort of -- it just really surge from the doldrums of the deep pandemic, then it really surged into the levels it was a year ago. 
 We see spend per active account is pretty flat to a year ago. And it is -- and we can watch it on a typically, over the last few months, it has been sort of declining on that coming down to basically a sort of net result of being flat for a year ago or I think maybe it's actually in the last couple of months a little bit under where it was a year ago, if I remember the graph that I was looking at. 
 Now initially, it's a funny thing how so often we see effects that start on the lower income, lower credit score side and then make their way up. I mean, pretty much the whole way credit has played out both on the improving side in the pandemic and then on the normalizing side, that's happened. But on spend, this slowing down happened in lower income segments first, but now it's more broad-based across income bands and really segments of our card business. So we, of course, are having very nice growth in accounts, and that's continuing to power purchase volume even as the spend sort of levels out. 
 Now in the spirit of what are we rooting for, it seems to me to be a pretty rational thing for consumers to sort of level off this pretty strong spend that they have had. So I think what we see, we're pretty pleased with -- and then when we look at things like discretionary and nondiscretionary spending, both of them have slowed significantly over the last year. Well -- no, the growth rates have slowed significantly, but the category mix of spend, the more things change, the more they stay the same because basically pretty much across all the categories, things have returned to the pre-pandemic level. 
Arren Cyganovich: And just following up. I appreciate the commercial office disclosures you put in your slide deck. It looks relatively small comparative to the overall commercial and overall loan portfolio total together. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about your commercial real estate business. Is this -- I know you acquired several kind of smaller banks, North Fork and Hibernia and Chevy Chase. Are these predominantly portfolios from around those regions? Or do you also have a national lending business that deals in larger commercial real estate as well? 
Andrew Young: Yes. Let me start by talking about kind of what isn't in the disclosure that we provided because I know there's differences across various organizations. I mean as you know, Arren, that it's a little less than $4 billion and represents about 1% of our total loans, but this is our commercial office space. It is excluding, as you probably saw in the footnote, medical office and REIT and REIF medical office just has very different characteristics and so 2 does that's REIT and REIF. 
 So in terms of the commercial office portfolio on our books, it's roughly 2/3 concentrated in New York, D.C. and San Francisco. It is roughly 60% B, C and obviously, 40% Class A. And so it has been accumulated over time, but it also was a business that up until a few years ago, we were active in, but we haven't had any new originations for the past few quarters and reduced our exposure to this segment over the past year by a little north of I think it's 10%. But given right now just the uncertainty that we see with office vacancies being elevated and utilization rates significantly below pre-pandemic levels and increasing debt service burdens despite the fact that we are getting 100% payment on principal and interest just in light of the continued uncertainty that I described just in terms of utilization and other factors. We decided to increase the coverage ratio quite a bit this quarter, and that's what you see in the disclosure in the back. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: Maybe I know there's been a lot of questions on credit, but maybe just to follow up on another one, Rich. So can you maybe just talk about where the credit performance was worse or where it deteriorated. And also I'm surprised by the comment that you're reaching normal levels despite continued elevated payment rates and lower revolve rate. So how do you think about from here balancing growth versus the risk of credit continuing to not only normalize but get worse? 
Richard Fairbank: So yes, Ryan, I think the best net impression despite the fact that when we look at all our credit metrics, the -- some of them, like half of them aren't sort of back to pre-pandemic levels, and half of them are. My gut feel is it's a better net impression to view them as back. And I just think the underlying effects of continuing to lean into spenders, not only at the very top of the market, but within our segments and just the emphasis that we put on spend and some of the products, the marketing, the way we manage accounts, the kind of -- the people we raise lines to, et cetera. I just think there's been a subtle shift a little more towards the spending side. So I think that might explain why a few of these metrics are behind, but behind in terms of the -- but I think I walk around with the perception that things are pretty much at the levels of where they were a few years ago.
 So now we feel very comfortable with respect to the choices that we're making, and let's just talk about why that is. I've already said, we underwrite to assumed worsening. So let's go back to back when the behavior of the consumer was at levels we've never seen in the whole history of the company. The credit performance was so good. We just assumed that was unsustainable. We underwrote to much higher levels of losses. So as things normalize, that's not really sort of changing anything at Capital One. So we -- but at the same time, you see the noise all over the place on the horizon. So we obsessively look for -- we not only use all of our modern and machine learning-based monitoring tools to identify little pockets that might be gapping out from expected performance or prior performance or anything like that.
 And by the way, we have seen that in some pockets and then we dialed that back. We also hunt around and think about where would most intuitively the vulnerabilities be to where the economy is going. And we even anticipatorily kind of dial back around the edges there. But as I said earlier, I'm kind of struck by the number of new opportunities that are originating in terms of driven by the tech transformation of the company, new channels, new ways to succeed with customers that for kind of -- for every dial back that's happened, we seem to have had opportunities open up, and so we lean into those. 
 And so it leads to my sitting in here and saying with respect to the card business, we feel, and I want you to walk away with that same net impression, the same level of optimism about our growth opportunities and our marketing and really the opportunity to create value in this part of the -- where we are in the cycle with card to be very strong. Now even as that happens, just to -- it's always striking to talk about the fact that the sibling of the card business, which is our auto business has been in a striking pullback mode over the very same period that we've been leaning in here and I partly point that out just to say that we don't at the top of the house, say there's just a green light out there.
 This is all very much one part of the business at a time, 1 segment, 1 business area, but that pullback in auto has been a minority of the pullback, but still an important part of the pullback has been credit driven in the sense of looking at things in the card business and trying to get ahead of any effects that we think might happen from a credit point of view, but the majority of the effects have been margin related, as we've talked about with the some of the marketplace not passing through into their pricing, the higher interest rates. And so the -- and so we have dialed back quite a bit in auto. But given that most of that dial back or certainly the majority of it is really more margin related and not so much credit related. We -- if things change and normalize a little bit more on the pricing side, we might be able to open up more opportunity in auto. 
 But what I'm pleased about is the combination of the -- walking around with an intuitive model about how the marketplace works. And as I shared in the earlier answer, thinking about the ways customers -- credit can worsen and customers can do perform not as well as it might appear as we obsess about that, that informs our choices and then by monitoring at the margin and incredibly granularly to look for effects and then having the technology to move so quickly with respect to the identification, the diagnosis of what's going on, the root causes of it and then taking the action, which is a cycle that's way faster than it used to be before our tech transformation. 
 All of these contribute to the ability to be able to move with confidence in a changing environment and probably has contributed to why the vintage curves sort of keep coming back -- coming in on top of each other despite a changing environment. And all of that finally leads to why we feel confident about our opportunities to lean into growth because every opportunity has a limited window, and we're the company that when we see those opportunities, we go after them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. 
Bill Carcache: As a follow-up for you, Andrew, on your allowance commentary, just to make sure I have the mechanics right. If macro conditions do indeed worsen from here as you expect? And each new quarter, that comes on reflects the worse outlook than each old quarter that rolls off. Is it reasonable to expect that your reserve rate would drift higher in future quarters given that dynamic? 
Andrew Young: It would, Bill. I was responding to what I interpreted to be Betsy's question of just individual vintages being the same, similar to what Rich just described. That in and of itself if you have a consistent growth rate wouldn't add to allowance. But if we're updating our assumptions a quarter from now and our economic view changes that will likely change our estimation of the loss content of the portfolio at that time. 
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's super helpful. And then separately, Rich, I wanted to ask you about the CFPB [ lengthy ] proposal. We know it's less significant for you than it is for others who are more deeply involved in the partnership business. But as we try to think through how this may play out across the industry, can you give any perspective on the extent to which you'd expect some merchants to possibly push back against efforts by their issuing partners to renegotiate economic terms following the proposed reduction in late fees, particularly in cases where merchants expect their sales to come under pressure? 
Richard Fairbank: So Bill, I don't really -- I don't really have a -- I don't have a prediction about what exactly happens in the partnership business relative to merchant -- partnership agreements and then something as significant as the change in late fees comes and therefore, what do the collective -- the merchant and the issuer sort of do about that, I don't really have a prediction on that one. I just -- I wouldn't want to let your opening comment go just when you say, well, it's obviously much more probably for the people with partnerships than others because this -- where this legislation to come into effect, it has a significant impact on Capital One. So now there's a lot of miles to go before maybe everything works out. But just to comment on this for a second. 
 First of all, with respect to the proposal, it's not final, and we -- the CFPBs will get lots of public comments. And we'll have to see how the rule-making process plays out. Late fees play in a very important role in the system because they provide a direct and clear incentive for customers to pay on time and avoid running into delinquency. And it's also a way that issuers can sort of price for risk, and all this leads to greater access to credit and a lower cost of credit on average.
 So we certainly have a point of view on this one. A change in -- a significant change in late fees could affect consumer payment behavior and delinquencies, it could affect access to certain parts of the population. So there's kind of a lot at stake. But what I wanted to say for Capital One, this is -- it's an important revenue source for Capital One. And we obviously are working on thinking about those impacts, what might be mitigating measures. And so we're early into our thinking about it, but I think not only for partnership-based companies. But for Capital One and maybe some other players as well, this is an important development that we're going to all have to take very seriously. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hecht with Jefferies. 
John Hecht: Actually, all my questions have been asked and answered, but something came up to me and Rich, I apologize, it's somewhat nebulous. But in the past, you've given us some good metaphors to think about the environment. I think during the pandemic and stimulus zone, you talked about it, you're boring through a mountain because of stimulus, which helped avoid some level of loss content. We're in this unique world where we have inflation. Many of us haven't really lived or at least analyzed the equity markets in a period like this.
 And then we've got a lot of other factors going on as well, both good and bad. I'm wondering whether it's a metaphor or not, you -- with stepping back, how do you describe the overall environment? You're advancing in certain categories, pulling back and others. Is there some context you can give us or a comparison to a previous time or how you think about it in comparison to previous times? 
Richard Fairbank: Well, thank you, John. I'd forgotten all about. I know you've been around me for quite a while. I love metaphors, and sometimes metaphors, I think, can be pretty striking ways to think about things that otherwise are complex to talk about. But going back to the boring through the mountain. Remember, we were talking back then each quarter, we'd say, well, we're in -- what could be very whopping losses that come from the tremendous upheaval of the pandemic every quarter, we are boring through the mountain and with the government stimulus and so on. 
 If we think back, we got all the way through the mountain to the other side. And it was better from a credit point of view than anything that we can kind of imagine. So if I pull up and just say, where am I just -- how do I feel about where we are. When I think about the health of the consumer, the U.S. consumer remains a source of relative strength in an uncertain economy. 
 The savings accumulated over the pandemic remain a positive for many consumers, that servicing burdens remain low by historical standards. The labor market, which is usually the most important economic driver of consumer credit performance remains strikingly strong, although we have seen some indications of some softening. 
 Now you -- on the other hand, home prices have been falling a little bit. Inflation, I really believe none of us know really the effects of inflation, so we're going to be needing to manage intuitively here. We can't pull out PhDs to figure this one out. But -- so we assume the inflation is going to -- here's an interesting thought on inflation versus unemployment, John. 
 Unemployment affects a small number of people terribly. Inflation affects all of us somewhat. And so from a credit point of view, I believe the reason unemployment has been the biggest driver is that because charge-offs happen at the tail of the distribution and the tail moves when the economy moves, so what is the effect of all of us losing a little bit of our purchasing power. My gut feel is it's just something that is slow in its effect. It's cumulative. It doesn't have the sort of precipitous effects that the unemployment does. But I still believe on little cat feet, there's another metaphor for you, John. 
 I think it will play out. The other one, and it's almost -- I want to go back. I don't have a perfect metaphor for it, but I do want to say, again, I -- I've been around this business long enough to kind of know that extreme effects with respect to credit for a period of time, create the opposite effect on the other side, just -- it does with respect to markets and competition, but that's not even what I'm talking about here. I just -- I believe in life, let's just say there's always a certain percentage of consumers that are living on the edge, they're vulnerable and they don't have much of a buffer to absorb shock. 
 So then when the global financial crisis came along, it was like a tsunami wave coming in and everyone who was -- I feel just so many people that were in a somewhat vulnerable situation got sort of washed over from that, that it was followed by this period where we had trouble keeping up with our own forecast of the losses. We -- in a good way in the sense that we finally said, this is the survivorship effect. The Great Recession accelerated so many charge-offs that at some point were statistically probably going to happen that we had a survivorship effect going on that anybody can survive that probably not charging off anytime soon, and that's why you sort of had there for the reverse of that effect.
 And I believe intuitively, I have no way to prove it and we'll never be able to quantify it, but just intuitively thinking about it when there were still vulnerable people all during the period of the pandemic, so many of them got lifelines that I think you can -- it doesn't mean there are lives necessarily changed. And I think you have sort of the reverse survivorship effect or maybe the sort of the catching-up effect from very, very low losses. And this is something that I believe is a real effect. And so if I pull up, I think the consumer is in a great shape. You're going to have sort of on little cat feet, the inflation effect and the catching-up effect and then you have a wildcard of a quite uncertain economy that creates greater volatility than usual in terms of where things might go. 
 But in the context of all of that, and the opportunities we see -- one of the things -- sorry, it's a long answer to your question. But one of the things that you may remember my saying back when the credit was just unsustainably good a couple of years ago. I remember saying that there will be real consequences in the competitive marketplace if this abnormal environment continues for too low. And we really already saw it happen in the period of the extraordinary credit. What you saw is a tremendous inflow of FinTechs, you saw a huge expansion of credit, primarily in the subprime and even below sort of where we play in that space. 
 We were worried that the underwriting that any of them were doing would be -- it's based on data, would definitionally not have a rear view, it would have a rearview mirror that is extremely unreliable. So I think when I would pull back this sort of great normalization that's happening even with some cat feet effects that are still probably going to play out is a very healthy thing to happen in terms of credit environment, competitive environments in the marketplace over time. So all in all, I feel really good about where we are. And if you detect optimism in my voice, you're getting the right read there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. 
Dominick Gabriele: Almost to piggyback on that last question a little bit. There have been a lot of new card issuers and types of cards and payment types like P2P, debit rewards, FedNow is coming out. Could you talk about the evolving of both debit and credit card space? And how you expect the competition and offerings could change over time, not just versus, let's say, Discover Synchrony or American Express, but other payment types and how Capital One is positioned as payment preferences among consumers might change. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, the -- we've seen a lot of innovation over the last number of years. I'd add one to your list, one that really was quite a made quite a flash, which is buy-now pay-later that came into the marketplace. 
 Let me really sort of start with that one. With buy-now pay-later came out, I remember having sort of saying this is kind of ironic because the original and still extraordinary buy-now pay-later product is called the credit card. So what is this new one that says, you can buy-now and pay-later. But anyway, it was riding on the back of some very, very clever technology sort of modern tech stacks and really good merchant relationships that made quite an impact on there. Now it was hailed as a revolution in payments from everything that we saw early on. I think it was, by the way, a very clever payment -- a very clever innovation, but it turned out to be more of a credit access play than necessarily. I'm not saying it isn't a revolution.
 Well, I'm saying that when we look at who flop there, it was a credit from looking at our bank customers and card customers, everything else, it was a credit access play and I think it's running into some challenges with respect to merchant discount rates and some credit challenges and other things, but it was certainly quite innovation. If you look at debit cards, anyone innovating in the debit card space that has access to the differential interchange that came from the law that created, tried to advantage smaller players versus bigger and networks other than -- well, different choices for different networks and different sized players. 
 Anyone who has the fortune to ride on the back of that. I think that's a promising opportunity for them. And so payments -- the payment space will continue to evolve. One other thing about payments that when you look pull way up and say in what areas have FinTechs or major tech companies have the biggest impact on banking. It was -- we, of course, worried that all aspects of banking would get affected. But the biggest -- I think the biggest single area that has really been impacted is payments itself which -- when you think about it, that it's kind of the holy grail from a tech company's point of view because it's where the money is, and it's a real-time kind of customer experience activity. 
 And importantly, it's not heavily regulated. For what it's worth the other play that I think the tech companies enduringly have had the greatest impact is in the platforms space, either payments platforms or other kind of platforms, building on modern tech stack. So those are some thoughts in the marketplace. But -- so just a reminder, Capital One has got to stay on the forefront of innovation or we can be yesterday's news. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: I've got some follow-up questions for Andrew and some of the comments. Maybe just first on the 11 basis points drag from the excess cash. Does that persist over the course of the year? Or does that go away at some point? 
Andrew Young: Well, as I said in my talking points, Sanjay, I think that is something that we do expect to remain at least elevated compared to pre-pandemic levels. So yes, I would -- that's probably where I would leave that. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And then secondly, just the comments on capital levels and capital return. Should we assume like you're going to maintain CET1 inclusive of sort of AOCI or work your way up to that level and then consider any moves with capital return? Or maybe you can just help us think through how we should read into some of your comments there. And then -- at what rate does AOCI accrete over the course of the year? Just would love to get some color on that. 
Andrew Young: Yes. Why don't I start with the second one first, which is -- if you look at our AFS AOCI, about 40% of that will pull to par between now and the end of '24. In terms of capital targets, I absolutely would not say it's a mechanical linkage that we are thinking about our capital targets inclusive of AOCI. There's a lot of uncertainty of regulatory treatment. It is not included in our regulatory ratios at this point. I just referenced that, that is one thing that we look at in addition to a number of other factors inclusive of just economic uncertainty and our growth opportunities. And so for now, we've been operating above our target. We're going to keep an eye on those things. And as we have more certainty of the future, we have a lot of flexibility with how we return capital to shareholders, if that's appropriate. 
Operator: Our final question comes from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. 
John Pancari: On the net interest margin front, I wanted to see if you could possibly give us some color on how you see the margin trajectory here from the 660 level just given what you said about cash balances likely to remain elevated? And then maybe how deposit pricing plays into that and how you're thinking about through cycle deposit beta at this point. 
Andrew Young: Well, I'll go in reverse order on that one, too, because the beta will feed into the NIM response there. I'll remind you of my comments from a quarter ago, where I talked about cumulative deposit beta for the overall company could be somewhat higher than the last rate cycle, which was 41%. 
 I think a quarter ago, our cumulative beta was in the mid-30s, where we sit today, it's 44. It is hard to predict how much further deposit betas will increase from here. There's a number of unique factors, especially following the events of the last month that makes predicting betas a challenge. Everything from product mix to the market in competitive pricing, if there's really intense competition from more insured deposits and just the sheer magnitude and pace of Fed fund hikes is unprecedented and what happens to on the other side when the Fed eventually starts lowering rates, and all of this is happening in the context of a Fed that's executing QT. 
 So where we go from here is going to be impacted by a number of factors, customers' appetite for different deposit products, our focus on customer relationships, industry competition, funding needs. But I will say, given deposit pricing tends to lag asset yield resets. I wouldn't be surprised if there's at least some upward pressure on beta from where we were in the first quarter. So as I then pull that into thinking about NIM over time, that is likely a potential headwind for us, particularly in the near term given the lag of deposit pricing, where wholesale funding costs go could also be a headwind. And as credit continues to normalize, we could continue to see revenue suppression.
 So those are a few things that will potentially provide a headwind to NIM from where we sit today. But on the other hand, there's definitely some tailwinds even though my response to Sanjay's question in the real near term, I would think our average cash position will stay elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels, not necessarily relative to what we saw in the first quarter. But over a longer period of time, that will almost assuredly come back down and eventually be a tailwind for NIM. We also could see a growing percentage of revolving card balances and in the immediate term, keep in mind, we'll have one more day in the second quarter.
 So I know that that's a lot of headwinds and tailwinds, but just wanted to give you a sense of all of the forces that play there. 
John Pancari: That's very helpful. And then just secondly, we've seen some headlines regarding the Walmart partnership. And I don't know if you can provide a little bit of color there and where that stands, maybe can you confirm the discussions, the timing of when any change could be? And then lastly, if you can update us on any other upcoming negotiations or maturities of other types of partnerships on that front? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, John. So -- we are, of course, in the middle of litigation. So there's only so much -- I'm going to share in an earnings call about the various legal arguments being made by each side. But at a high level, Walmart has sued us trying to terminate the deal early, and we deny that they have a contractual right to an early termination. Walmart points to some service failures that we cured in 2022 and which had no impact on the value of the portfolio. Now in the meantime, we are committed to meeting our contractual commitments while we defend ourselves in court. And we will keep you updated on the litigation in our periodic SEC filings.
 With respect to timing of any potential impacts there are a lot of unknowns. There's the -- of course, the question of whether Walmart will win their litigation seeking early termination. And if so, when that will occur. We, of course, deny that they have a right to terminate early. Then there's a question of how long it will take for Walmart to transfer the portfolio to a new issue. We currently expect that the transfer of the Walmart portfolio to a new issuer would occur no earlier than January 2025, even if they win their litigation. So we will keep you updated if our timing expectation changes. 
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes the earnings call for this evening. Thank you for joining us on this conference call, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The IR team will be here later this evening to answer any questions that may remain. Have a good night, everybody. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Capital One Financial Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Victor. And welcome everybody to Capital One’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2022 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled, Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at Capital One’s website and filed with the SEC. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll start on slide 3 of tonight’s presentation. In the fourth quarter, Capital One earned $1.2 billion or $3.03 per diluted common share. For the full year, Capital One earned $7.4 billion or $17.91 per share. Included in the results for the fourth quarter were two adjusting items, which collectively benefited pretax earnings by $105 million. Net of these adjustments, fourth quarter earnings per share were $2.82 and full year earnings performance share were $17.71. On a linked quarter basis, period-end loans grew 3% and average loans grew 2%, driven by growth in our domestic car business. This loan growth coupled with net interest margin expansion drove revenue up 3% on a linked quarter basis. Noninterest expense grew 3% in the linked quarter, driven by an increase in marketing expenses while operating expenses were largely flat. Net of the adjustments I mentioned earlier, operating expenses were up 2.4%. Provision in the quarter – provision expense in the quarter was $2.4 billion, driven by net charge-offs of $1.4 billion and an allowance build of about $1 billion. Turning to slide 4, I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. The $1 billion increase in allowance in the fourth quarter brings our total company year-end allowance balance up to $13.2 billion, increasing the total company coverage ratio by 22 basis points to 4.24%. I’ll cover the changes in allowance and coverage ratio by segment on slide 5. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance increased by $795 million, bringing our coverage ratio to 6.97%. Three things put upward pressure on our card allowance. The first factor was the continued credit normalization in our portfolio. The second factor was a modestly worse economic outlook than our assumption a quarter ago. And finally, we built allowance for the loan growth in the quarter. The impact of the fourth quarter loan growth on the allowance is more muted than typical loan growth given the seasonal nature of these balances. These three factors were modestly offset by a release in our qualitative factors. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance increased by $129 million, driving a 20 basis-point increase in coverage to 2.8%. The build was primarily driven by continued credit normalization in our auto business, including lower recovery rates. The second factor also putting upward pressure on our allowance is the impact of a modestly worse economic outlook. These two factors were modestly offset by a release in our qualitative factors. And finally, in our Commercial business, the allowance increased $73 million, resulting in a 9 basis-point increase in coverage to 1.54%. This was largely driven by reserve builds for our office portfolio. Turning to page 6, I’ll discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the fourth quarter was 143%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Total liquidity reserves increased by $14 billion to $107 billion. Strong consumer deposit growth throughout the quarter drove cash balances higher and allowed us to pay down prior FHLB borrowings. Turning to page 7, I’ll cover our net interest margin. Our net interest margin was 6.84% in the fourth quarter, 24 basis points higher than the year-ago quarter and 4 basis points higher than the prior quarter. The 4 basis-point linked quarter increase in NIM was driven by higher asset yields and a balance sheet mix shift towards car loans. This impact was mostly offset by higher deposit and wholesale funding costs. Turning to slide 8, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.5% at the end of the fourth quarter, up about 30 basis points relative to last quarter. The $1.2 billion of net income in the quarter was partially offset by growth in risk-weighted assets, dividends and share repurchases. We repurchased approximately $150 million of common stock in the quarter, bringing the repurchases for the full year to $4.8 billion. We continue to estimate that our longer term CET1 capital need is around 11%. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Andrew, and welcome, everybody. I’ll begin on slide 10 with fourth quarter results in our Credit Card business. Year-over-year growth in purchase volume and loans, coupled with strong revenue margin drove an increase in revenue compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on slide 11. In the fourth quarter, strong year-over-year growth in every top line metric continued in our Domestic Card business. Purchase volume for the fourth quarter was up 9% from the fourth quarter of 2021. Ending loan balances increased $22.9 billion or about 21% year-over-year. Ending loans grew 8% from the sequential quarter. And revenue was up 19% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans as well as strong revenue margin. Both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate continued to normalize and were below pre-pandemic levels. The domestic card charge-off rate for the quarter was 3.2%, up 173 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter-end was 3.43%, 121 basis points above the prior year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 102 basis points and the delinquency rate was up 46 basis points. Noninterest expense was up 12% from the fourth quarter of 2021, which includes an increase in marketing. Total company marketing expense was about $1.1 billion in the quarter. Our choice in domestic card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing. In our Domestic Card business, we continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient growth. We’re keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. We’re seeing the success of our marketing and strong growth in domestic card new accounts, purchase volume and loans across our card business and strong momentum in our decade-long focus on heavy spenders at the top of the marketplace continues. Slide 12 shows fourth quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the fourth quarter, we continued to see the effects of our choice to pull back on auto growth in response to competitive pricing dynamics that have pressured industry margins. Auto originations declined 32% year-over-year and 20% from the linked quarter. Driven by the decline in auto originations, Consumer Banking loan growth continued to be slower than previous quarters. Fourth quarter ending loans grew 3% compared to the year ago quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were down 2%. Fourth quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up 6% year-over-year, and up 5% over the sequential quarter. Average deposits were up 4% year-over-year and up 3% from the sequential quarter. Our digital-first national direct banking strategy continues to get good traction. Consumer Banking revenue was up 10% year-over-year as growth in auto loans and deposits was partially offset by the year-over-year decline in auto margins. Noninterest expense was up 13% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, driven by investments in the digital capabilities of our auto and retail banking businesses and marketing for our national digital bank. The auto charge-off rate and delinquency rate continued to normalize in the fourth quarter. The charge-off rate for the fourth quarter was 1.66%, up 108 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 5.62%, up 130 basis points year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 61 basis points, and the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 77 basis points. Slide 13 shows fourth quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Compared to the linked quarter, fourth quarter ending loan balances were down 1% and average loans were flat. Ending deposits were down 1% from the linked quarter. Average deposits grew 7%. Fourth quarter revenue was down 23% from the linked quarter. The decline was primarily driven by an internal funds transfer pricing impact that was offset by an equivalent increase in the other category and was therefore neutral to the Company. Excluding this impact, fourth quarter commercial revenue would have been down about 6% quarter-over-quarter and up 2% year-over-year. Noninterest expense was up 2% from the linked quarter. The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 6 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate increased 74 basis points from the linked quarter to 6.71%, and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was up 17 basis points from the linked quarter to 0.74%. In closing, we continue to drive strong growth in card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the fourth quarter. Loan growth in our Consumer Banking business was slower compared to previous quarters as we continued to pull back on auto originations. Consumer deposits grew. And in our Commercial Banking business, ending loans and deposits were roughly flat compared to the linked quarter.  Charge-off rates and delinquency rates continue to normalize across our business and were below pre-pandemic levels. Total company operating expense net of adjustments was up 2.4% from the linked quarter. Our annual operating efficiency ratio for full year 2022 was 44.5% net of adjustments, a 15 basis points improvement from full year 2021. And we expect that the full year 2023 annual operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments will be roughly flat to modestly down compared to 2022. Pulling way up, we continue to see opportunities for resilient asset growth that can deliver sustained revenue annuities. We continue to closely monitor and assess competitive dynamics and economic uncertainty. Powered by our modern digital technology, we’re continuously improving our proprietary underwriting, marketing and product capabilities. We’re focusing on efficiency improvement and we’re managing capital prudently. As a result of our investments to transform our technology and to drive resilient growth, we’re in a strong position to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value and thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now, we’ll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to our other investors and analysts who might wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Victor, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our first question. Our first question comes from line of Mihir Bhatia from Bank of America.
Mihir Bhatia: I wanted to ask about just the vintage seasoning or growth math as you talk – as I think we’ve talked about in the past. We’ve added a lot of loans here in last year. And as these loans season, I was just trying to – wonder if you could maybe talk about just how you see that flowing through into your loss rates and what that does to your delinquency and loss goes here over the next 12 to 24 months? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Thank you. Let me just start with a reminder of what we mean by growth math. As a general rule of thumb, losses on new loans tend to ramp up over a couple of years and then peak and then gradually come down. When we accelerate growth and especially when those new loans are added to a seasoned back book with low losses, it can increase the overall level of losses of a portfolio. We grew rapidly – for example, just looking back at when we talk a lot about growth math, we grew rapidly in 2014, 2015 and 2016, and had a particularly visible growth math effect in the wake of that growth. At that time, the large front book was adding to a back book that was unusually seasoned because it had survived the Great Recession. Given our recent rate of growth, I think it’s likely we’ll see some growth math effect again over the next few years. But I think the general normalization trend will be the bigger driver of our credit trajectory. One other thing that’s different about growth math going forward is CECL. Under the CECL accounting regime, the allowance impact of new growth are pulled forward significantly. We haven’t seen this effect for most of the pandemic, even as we have accelerated our growth because of the offsetting favorable factors in our allowance. But as our growth continues, a portion of our allowance builds going forward are intended to support that growth.
Mihir Bhatia: Okay. Thanks. And then just maybe on your reserve. Just trying to understand just some of the assumptions underlying the reserves. Maybe you could just talk about what you’re assuming for unemployment whether you have a recession built into the short term. Any additional color you can help us with there? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Sure Mihir. As I said in the past, we are largely consumers of economic assumptions. In this particular case for unemployment, we are assuming something that’s a little modestly higher than consensus estimates for where we will land in the fourth quarter. I think consensus is somewhere around 4.8. We’re – our baseline forecast gets up to around 5% in the fourth quarter. But it’s important to note there’s a lot of other things that go into the calculation of the reserve, things like unemployment – sorry, changes in the unemployment rate, inflation, home prices, wages, all of those factors matter as well, but our unemployment assumption is to be around 4% in the fourth quarter – sorry, around 5% in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ashish Sharma with Capital One.
Jeff Norris: Hey Victor, I don’t think that’s right.
Ryan Nash: Was that intended for me, Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Hey Ryan, why you don’t go ahead.
Ryan Nash: So Rich, maybe I can ask Mihir’s – one of Mihir’s questions in a slightly different manner. So, competitors in the industry are talking about reaching pre-pandemic loss levels by year-end or maybe even overshooting those levels. Can you maybe just talk a little bit about how you think about the pace of normalization or maybe even overshooting those? And maybe just talk a little bit about normalization versus parts of the portfolio if you’re actually seeing any deterioration. Thanks. And I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So consumer credit metrics remain strong. And of course, as we’ve seen, they’ve been normalizing steadily through 2022 and are approaching pre-pandemic levels. At first, normalization was more pronounced in some segments more than others. It was – of course – and by the way, this is always the case that front book, new originations tend to be higher. So, that would have been shocking, had it been different. But the other thing we also said and talked to investors about it was more – normalization was happening everywhere, but it was more pronounced at the lower end of the market.  More recently, we’ve actually seen more uniform trend of normalization across businesses and segments, so, for example, across various FICO ranges and also across income levels. When we index them on credit metrics back to where they were before the pandemic, the sort of rest of the credit spectrum and rest of the income spectrums caught up to the, very recently in the last few months, to the lower end. So really, if I pull on that, it looks like the normalization is pretty consistent across the board. And – yes, go ahead, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: No, no, go for it. I’ll ask my follow-up when you finish.
Richard Fairbank: So, you asked various competitors are forecasting or talking about different times at which things cross 2019 levels. I think at Capital One, we’re not making specific predictions on that. But I think the key thing I would have you look at is the delinquency metrics. Delinquency metrics are the best single predictor of where things are going to go in the near term. And in fact, if we look at flow rates, we can see that very early flow rates into delinquency buckets are pretty normalized. So, we’re not giving specific guidance. But we would say, look at the credit metrics, look at the dynamics across other metrics, but we feel this is – it’s clearly normalizing as we see it.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then, Rich, maybe to follow up on the comments regarding the efficiency being flat to modestly down. I think last quarter, you were talking about modest efficiency improvements. There have been headlines about the firm reducing some headcount. So, I’m just curious, has anything changed in terms of your expectations for efficiency improvement? I guess given the pace of revenue growth that’s expected and contemplated, is there any acceleration in investments that’s taking place to drive the stable to modestly efficient – improving efficiency? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Ryan, our efficiency outlook is exactly the same as it was last quarter. If you recall, actually, we guided to the – for full year 2022 for efficiency to be flat – basically kind of flat to 2021, and then modestly down for 2023 relative to 2021. What happened is that ‘22 came in a little bit lower. So, our guidance of flat to modestly down, it’s the same outlook as we had before. And so, there’s not big investments behind that. It’s a continued journey of Capital One to lean into our opportunities to continue to invest in the tech opportunities that we see and the opportunities to create breakthroughs in the marketplace and continue to transform how we work. But pulling way up the sort of story if you kind of pull way back on operating efficiency, the journey that where we’ve driven 440 basis points of improvement from 2013 – well, through 2019. And then we had the whole pandemic thing. But if I pull way up the gradual operating efficiency improvement is what we are continuing to drive for through the leveraging of our tech transformation even as we continue to invest.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: So two questions. One, just as we think about the margin and the net interest margin, interest margin outlook, – can you give us a sense as to how you’re thinking about deposit betas and how that’s likely to grow here over the course of the year. I noticed you talked a little bit earlier about deposit growth was really strong. Maybe give us a sense as to which types of deposits you’re really leaning into at this stage. And then help us understand how asset yields are likely to trend given – forward curve, I’m assuming is the base case, but tell me if you have a different point of view on that. Thanks.
Andrew Young: Yes. Betsy, I’ll start with your last question first, which is we are following the forward curve, assuming 50 bps here in the first quarter and holding flat throughout ‘23 before coming down in ‘24. With respect to how we’re thinking about beta and asset yields as components of NIM, as we get into the latter part of this rate cycle, lagged deposit rates really have a bigger impact than the asset yields that reprice more quickly and did so over the last couple of quarters as the Fed was moving rapidly. And so, there’s a bit of that sequential dynamic going on. In terms of thinking about overall deposit beta and product mix, roughly 85% of our deposits are in consumer. It’s where our focus lies. And so if you just look at the cumulative deposit beta for the total company, it’s around 35%, was low-20s last quarter. But if you look at the last increasing rate cycle, I think the terminal beta was around 41. So, I could see a terminal beta being somewhere above that, just given competitive dynamics in the marketplace at this point. So, I would say the net of all of those factors is likely to be a modest headwind to NIM. We talked last quarter about balance sheet mix – and we are largely back to a pre-pandemic balance sheet mix from where we were a year ago. And frankly, our NIM is roughly in a similar spot. So, I would say balance sheet mix over a multiple quarter period isn’t likely to be a big driver, unless we just see outsized growth in the higher-margin card business. And then, the other factor that could prove to be a tailwind to potentially offset a little bit of the modest headwind that probably comes from the beta dynamics that I described is we could also see a bit of an increase in card revolve rates from where they are today. So, all of those things are – just to leave you with kind of a net impression that there are headwinds and potentially some tailwinds. But the one thing I will just note as we look ahead to the first quarter, as a reminder, in the way we calculate NIM day count has an effect. So, the one thing we know for sure is we’ll have a 14 basis-point or so headwind in Q1 due to having two fewer days in the quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. That’s super helpful color. As a follow-up, I just wanted to get a sense as to how you’re thinking about the outlook for marketing, obviously, a critical driver of growth, and I know it’s been something that you’ve been very successful with in generating that top of wallet customer. But just wanted to see how we should think about that investment as we go into the next year with this NIM headwind, et cetera. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, yes, we continue to – I feel very good about the traction that we’re getting in marketing. Of course, most of the marketing that we do is in the card business. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities across the business for new account origination. We have continued to expand our products and the marketing channels that we’re originating in. We see evidence all over the place of the benefits of our tech transformation that’s giving us some extra opportunity. So, we feel very good about that. You mentioned, of course, how do we feel about leaning into this in the context of the potential looming downturn. And what we do is we just continue to look all around the edges of our originations and look for places that either we would think might be particularly likely to have a challenge or be vulnerable or things that we see having any kind of performance issues, and we sort of trim around the edges. That’s what we’ve been doing for three decades at Capital One, and we continue to do this. So there’s a little bit of trimming around the edges. But really, the net impression I would lead you on the card side is we continue to lean in. Now, of course, there’s the marketing that we do just the – to originate accounts directly through all the direct marketing media. We, of course, have our continued investments on the brand side, we – the heavy spender investments, which are particularly heavy in terms of marketing costs. We continue to get very good traction on the spender side, our growth as you sort of look at each sort of range of spenders, the – we are getting the most growth at the higher end.  So, that continues to be a good sign for us. And so, we’re leaning into that. And then the other thing on the marketing side, of course, is the national bank marketing. You’ve seen some of the success we’re having there. Everybody in banking is sort of leaning into the deposit growth side in the context of changing interest rates, and some deposits leading the banking systems. So our marketing venues to get very good traction there. So pulling way up, we continue to feel good about the marketing. We like the traction that we’re getting. And we have, of course, a very vigilant eye on the economic environment that we’re moving into.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Rich, I wanted to follow up on your commentary around delinquency metrics. At the current pace of normalization, is it reasonable to expect that we could see DQs get back to pre-pandemic levels by the mid-2023 time frame? And then from there, does your outlook suggest that you expect delinquencies to flatten out, or are you conservatively expecting DQs to drift higher and are prepared for some degree of modest worsening in credit that perhaps goes a bit beyond normalization?
Richard Fairbank: Well, what we have said, Bill, is there are lots of metrics to look at, and I can even talk to you about a few – some of the others we’re looking at as well. But number one, that we would point our investors to look at is delinquency. And delinquency entries and individual delinquency flow rates have – we see the normalization happening there, as I mentioned earlier. And we think the there continues – it’s interesting the – when you look at the delinquencies themselves and most of the credit metrics, they continue to just keep on moving toward what we’re calling sort of normalization. Normalization, of course, is not any precise point. But there are also a number of other things that we look at that I think show sort of the strength of where this thing is headed. And one is on the vintage curves from new originations. They continue to be pretty flat month after month. They’re, of course, lagged by several months, but pretty flat. And in – when we compare individual segments to where they were back in the pre-pandemic period. It’s pretty much on top of each other. So, that is a good sign. We continue to look at our payment rates, which continue to be elevated. We like elevated payment rates that we’ve assumed they’re going to normalize part of the way down to where they were before. But of course, there’s been some mix shift towards more spender within Capital One’s portfolio. But payment rates continue to be strong. The percent of customers making just the minimum payment is still below pre-pandemic levels. The percent of customers making full payments is above pre-pandemic levels. Revolve rate is roughly flat relative to last year and remains below pre-pandemic.  So, these are all things that are positive indicators. But I do want to say also, again, there’s been some mix change in our own portfolio with a bit of a shift toward the heavier spenders. So, many of these metrics may not fully get back to where they were pre-pandemic. But if we pull up on this, what we see is – nothing we see is surprising. It would be consistent with a consumer coming off of some of the extreme stimulus and some of the extreme pullbacks in the pandemic and returning to more normal behavior. And I think the delinquency metrics are certainly leading indicators of that trajectory.
Bill Carcache: That’s very helpful, Rich. Thank you. If I may, as a follow-up, separate topic. Can you give us an update on Capital One’s strategy for reducing friction at checkout with different electronic consumer wallet solutions. There have been some recent press reports regarding partnerships with other digital wallet providers. It would be helpful if you could just share your latest thoughts.
Jeff Norris: Before you go, we’re getting a lot of background noise, Bill. Could you go on mute?
Bill Carcache: Yes.
Richard Fairbank: So, a phrase that I’ve often used is the tip of the spear in the transformation of banking is payments, both on the consumer and the commercial side. And the reason I say this is that first of all, it’s very prone to significant changes in technology, and also, it’s not as heavily regulated a space as much of banking is. You don’t have to be a bank holding company to be doing a lot of those things. And that’s actually the area that we have seen certainly a lot of traction in – by some very successful tech company.  So, Capital One has – we continue to support the various technology players who have developed payment innovations, and we continue to develop innovations of our own. There were some news out about in the news today, in fact, about potentially a new wallet coming out. We are 1 of 7 co-owners of EWS. And we’re one of the thousands of banks that use EWS. But on that one, we really don’t have any specific comments to get ahead of the EWS management team on that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Rich, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about your thoughts on auto credit. And then, as a follow-up, what you’re seeing on credit card spend, in particular, heavy spenders and whether or not they can sustain for travel and spend numbers.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Don. In auto, let’s talk a little bit about the auto business and maybe a little bit of a comparison to the card business. Just to talk about – auto as many of the very same trends. It is all the same general trends going on with the consumer and the normalization that we have been talking about. The auto business also has some other things that are unique to it. Auto recoveries, for example. Auto recoveries inventories are unusually low because of the very low charge-offs that we’ve had in the past few years. The past charge-offs are basically the raw material for future recoveries. So, the generally good news that has been in the auto industry of robust used car prices actually puts upward pressure on our overall loss rate as recoveries inventory build. So, we also, in terms of the credit metrics, we have seen more degradation in the very, very low and mostly below where we play in the auto business, but we have trimmed a little bit around the edges at our own low end. But basically, we continue to feel very good about our originations. From a credit point of view, the biggest issue in auto is the margin pressure that has come from the rising interest rates that have not been fully passed through by the competition. So we continue to feel really good about the auto opportunity, but our pullback is really not a credit-driven pullback so much as it is a margin-driven pullback. But we certainly do see the – we can see the normalization in the auto business.
Don Fandetti: Okay. And then on the credit card spend, same story. Are you seeing moderation? And can you talk about heavy spenders trends?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. We – you’ll notice our own spend growth numbers moderated quite a bit this quarter. We are seeing spend per account per customer moderate across our portfolio, moderating the most at the lower end, but we see the moderation. We see it the least in the very heaviest spenders, but the moderation that you see in our spend growth metrics are driven really by what’s happening per account, we continue to get nice growth of accounts. So that is a phenomenon that – and then we kind of ask, well, what should we be rooting for? I think you’re seeing a very rational response by consumers to the environment. There was a big surge in spending. I think it’s moderating somewhat, particularly at places other than the very highest end of the marketplace. So, I think it’s basically a sign of consumers being rational.
Operator: Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. Andrew, first question for you on share repurchases. Maybe you could just help us think about the pace of share repurchases as we move forward because I know you guys slowed them down, but you’ve been building capital. Maybe you can just help us with that first.
Andrew Young: Sure, Sanjay. In terms of thinking about the capital that we have moved down over the course of the last couple of years from – in the 14 to we hit a low point of 12.1, a couple quarters ago. But as we sit here today, we’re just looking at the actual and forecasted levels and the earnings and growth and in particular, economic conditions, and there’s some pretty wide error bars around those factors, particularly with respect to growth and economic uncertainty. And so, we feel like at this moment in time that it’s good to be a little bit more on the conservative side with risk management of managing that capital. But clearly, we have the flexibility around our capital decisions under SCBs. And so – and I don’t know, Rich, if you wanted to make any comments about repurchases as well.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, we – I think we just continue to generate a lot of capital. And we – a central part of our strategy is the return of capital through share repurchases and dividends. Lately, we’ve dialed back a little bit on that just really as a measure of prudence in an unusually uncertain time like this. I think there’s – I’ve never met anyone who sort of says that they had too much capital in a downturn. So after very strong levels of buybacks, we’ve moderated here in this environment, but the strategy of Capital One continues to be the same. And we believe that return of capital is an important part of the economic equation for investors over time.
Sanjay Sakhrani: So, should we assume sort of the fourth quarter pace as a good run rate or just not assume anything?
Andrew Young: Yes. Sanjay, we’re just going to manage it dynamically based on what we see in the marketplace and the factors that I described before. So, at this point, you’ve seen what we’ve been doing over the last handful of months, roughly $50 million a month. But again, we have flexibility, and as we have a bit more certainty of how the coming quarters will play out, that’s going to inform our actions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arren Cyganovich with Citi.
Arren Cyganovich: Maybe you could just talk a little bit about the level of marketing growth for the year. You had a bit of a step up, I’d say, in 2022 and the growth rates there are obviously showing a lot of traction in most of your metrics. Is there essentially kind of a bit of a slowdown but still have the ability to continue to grow and get into the opportunity on the card side?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Arren, yes, marketing – the marketing story has several components to it. One is just the – and an important part of that is the sort of real-time response to the opportunities that we see. And we continue – and especially talking about card and of course, card is where most of the marketing is. But, we continue to see attractive growth opportunities really across our business and are leaning into them.  So that – and it’s corresponded with some expansion in opportunities that are just a byproduct of our tech transformation, and it’s just more access points, more channels, more better credit models that give a little bit deeper and wider access to opportunities and more granularity. The more granularity that we get from our models, actually, the more we can separate the attractive customers from the less attractive and it allows us to lean in more. So, the marketing – the pursuit of the real-time opportunities we see is an important part of the marketing, and that is going very well. The second important driver, of course, is the continued traction we’re getting in our really 10-year journey to drive more and more upmarket with focus on heavy spenders. And I think back to when we launched the Venture card in 2010. And – but of course, this journey – and we’ve been declaring for years that the pursuit of the top of the market is not something that is an opportunistic one of in and out. And it is much more about working backwards from what it takes to win with heavy spenders and then investing to be able to do that. And that’s about great products with heavy reward content, great servicing, exceptional digital experiences but also more and more of the experiences that are consistent with the very high end lifestyle and so on. So, there have been a bunch of investments there. Most of that – not all of it, but a lot of that shows up in marketing. That also has a significant upfront component in terms of not only the direct marketing and the brand building, but also the early spend bonuses that go right through the marketing line when we – at the early stage of these accounts. So, that’s something that we’ve been growing and sustaining over the last number of years. We love the traction that we’re getting. And so, we continue to lean into that. And then again, the national bank, where I just want to comment, we are really pleased with the national bank that we’ve built. This is a – we are the really only kind of full service national bank that is – doesn’t have a national quest to – through acquisition to continue to grow.  In other words, of all the banks our size or even smaller, the realistic path to growth is to do that through mergers and acquisitions, our path is an organic one. We’ve invested quite a bit to create full digital capabilities for almost everything you can do in a branch to be able to be done by a customer digitally. And so that our growth story is not just about savings accounts, but it’s very much about checking accounts as well. And this is our quest we’ve been on for some number of years to build a national bank. That also is – that’s physical distribution light and marketing heavy. So a bunch of things kind of come together to create the pretty big marketing levels that we have now, but we feel very good about the traction that we’re getting.
Jeff Norris:
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Shane with JP Morgan.
Richard Shane: Andrew, you’ve made the comment talking about the reserve rate on the card portfolio and reflecting the seasonality of the increase in spend and balances from spend-driven accounts. As we move into Q1, should we assume that with normal portfolio runoff but a mix shift that that allowance coverage ratio will actually pick up then because you’re going to get a mix shift?
Andrew Young: Well, there’s a number of factors, Rick, that will play into coverage ratio. So, why don’t I just pull up and lay out the key pieces and forecast assumptions of our allowance. And I will get to your kind of seasonal balance point in a moment. But I think it’s important to lay out all of the component parts rather than just talk about one individual one since all of them will affect where coverage goes from here.  So, the first part of the allowance is we’re using models to estimate the next 12 months of losses. And the early period of this forecast is generally more accurate because, as Rich was talking about earlier, we can look at the existing delinquency inventories and flow rates, beyond those months we incorporate in the economic assumptions, they become a more significant driver of expected loss content. I referenced that in the answer to the first question that was asked on the call, but the error bars around the loss content widened the further we go out over the course of the year. The second factor impacting the allowances, we start from the year one exit rate for losses and then assume a reversion to a long-term average over the following 12 months. And then, the third thing is we net forecasted recoveries against the loss estimates for all of those periods. And so, on top of all of those assumptions, we then put qualitative factors in places where we believe modeled outcomes have limitations. And so, we end up putting all of those pieces together to evaluate the allowance. The open-ended product of credit card is different than closed-end loans as we go through those mechanics because with closed-end loans, we’re reserving for estimated loss content for the account. But in a revolving product like card, we’re only able to reserve for the loss content related to the balances that are on the books at the end of the quarter as opposed to the projected loss content for the account. So getting to your question then, when we have elevated seasonal balances in the fourth quarter, we expect a portion of those balances to pay down very quickly. And therefore, those specific balances are likely to have very, very low loss content given the life of the balance is far shorter than the life of the account.  So all else equal, the coverage ratio in the fourth quarter has a bit of natural downward pressure from that elevated denominator as you suggest. But looking ahead, there’s a bunch of factors that can impact where the allowance goes from here beyond that single effect. In periods where future losses may increase we would replace the low loss content of the current quarter with the projected higher loss content in a future period. And for what it’s worth, those assumptions also then carry into that reversion period. As we have growth with seasonally adjusted balances, Rich mentioned this before, CECL significantly pulls forward that allowance cost of growth. And then the third factor is coming out of a period where we have unusually low losses like we’ve experienced, over the last couple of quarters, you have lower recoveries to offset the forecasted loss content. So, all of those things can put upward pressure on allowance but we can also have revisions to our economic assumptions, to delinquency flow rates, to just our overall loss content. And so, there’s pressures in the other direction. And so, I appreciate your bearing with me for a long-winded complex answer, but I think we all saw the complexity and pro-cyclicality of CECL play out during the pandemic when we had to make a bunch of assumptions as the pandemic played out, we built a sizable allowance only to release virtually all of it over the subsequent quarters. And so, it’s just a very difficult thing to predict given all of the assumptions at play, which is why we are trying to focus you on Mako [ph] and having delinquencies as a leading edge indicator of Mako because that is ultimately where the real economic cost is felt.
Richard Shane: Got it. No, it’s a great answer, and I’m glad to bear with you. I’ll probably read it in the transcript about 7 more times.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: And I was hoping to talk a little bit about marketing. I mean, Rich, you did mention that you were primarily in card and primarily in the upscale customer. But could you just talk a little bit about, number one, what you might be doing kind of in nonprime and how we should think about whether that total marketing spend given what you see is likely to be higher in ‘23 or not?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So Moshe, I’m glad you asked the question because I would not want the net impression to be – I think what you were saying is that, is our marketing primarily just in the upscale customer segment? Differentially relative to years ago, we’ve certainly had a shift to the higher end in terms of our marketing. The marketing is also so expensive at that end. And then, also the marketing at the higher end tends to, in some sense, lift the boats across the franchise. So, the marketing at the higher end is carrying a lot on its shoulders, Moshe. But, we do a lot of marketing in the mass market of the card business, including in the higher end of the subprime segment of the market.  This is – our strategy here is – well, it changes all – we tweak it around the edges all the time. We’ve been doing this for pretty much approaching three decades now, at the lower end of the market. And the marketing there is direct marketing, stimulus response, very information based. And so, the marketing machine that we’ve built, which has been enhanced by technology here is definitely leaning into that opportunity. And I do want to say that the – we continue to get good traction in the subprime and prime parts of the marketplace, even as we certainly relative to 10 years ago, have a lot more marketing going on at the top of the market. So, there’s quite a bit going on, and we feel good about the traction there.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. Maybe just to kind of – as a follow-up, what would it take for you to see, either in the portfolio or in the market for you to do less marketing?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. The way this tends to happen is it happens in one little segment, one micro segment at the margin in response to things that we see going on there. I use this phrase a lot, trimming around the edges. And you’ve heard me use that for many, many years. And this is something that we always do or something we’re expanding around the edges. The net feel of these days is we’re doing more trimming around the edges than expanding around the edges, but it is – so it’s less about at the top of the house saying, we just believe we should do – obviously, at the top of the house, we’re looking at all the macro things, but we’re linking what we see in the macro level to what we’re seeing right there in real time or the earliest we can see from our credit metrics. And then, using the technology we’ve continued to invest so heavily in to have a more and more granular diagnosis. And at an earlier time than ever before diagnosis of where anything is deviating from the trajectory that we would expect. And then one is sort of the diagnosis of deviation. And the second thing, of course, is trying to get sort of a root cause, understanding of what may be driving that. And this is something that we continue to put a lot of energy into and it has led us to trim some – there are some things that we have seen degrade a fair amount around the edges. They’re fairly small in the overall size of things, but we’re certainly glad when we see them. And then, what we try to do is to link data that we see to behavior that – excuse me, to sort of an explanation of what’s going on from a customer and credit dynamic to be able to be – it makes total sense. So therefore, as things play out, it’s less likely – and let’s say, we go more into a downturn, it’s less likely on the card side that you would see a big pullback. The kind of things you’d see is more trimming around the edges, more reduction of the credit lines that are given, and that would be more how it would play out.
Operator: John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the – regarding the reserve build in terms of the drivers of the reserve build this quarter, I know you cited loan growth, you cited the macro backdrop, and you sited credit normalization. Is there any way to help parse out how much of the build of $1 billion is attributable to loan growth versus macro versus credit normalization?
Andrew Young: Yes. John, we don’t break out those components in part because some of them are actually related to one another. For instance, how we think about qualitative factors and how we think about our base forecast is tied into one another. And so, that’s why we just wanted to lay out that quarter-over-quarter when you look at consensus estimates for things like unemployment, looking ahead at 2023, from where we were as of the end of the third quarter to where we were at the end of the fourth quarter, looking ahead on some of those metrics, we saw a degree of worsening. And when you couple that with shifting forward one quarter and replacing a much lower loss content in the fourth quarter with continued normalization, as I referenced it heading into 2023, those are factors that go into it. But actually not even really able to break out the component parts because they’re tied with one another with all the assumptions.
John Pancari: Okay. No, I get it. That’s helpful. The normalization point, if I could just ask one more thing on that, was there anything about the normalization? And I appreciate the color you already gave. But is there anything about the normalization that you’re seeing that is kind of faster than expected, or any change like that that necessitated the size of the build this quarter?
Andrew Young: No. And I think Rich touched on some of these in one of his earlier responses, but what we’re seeing in terms of normalization is playing out as we expect. It’s part of why I wanted to highlight the fact that the mechanics of the reserve though only take into account that 12-month model period and revert from there. And so, we’re only allowing for the content – the outstandings content at the end of the quarter as well. So, even if things play out exactly as we expect, we could see allowance build, just like we saw this quarter. It just depends on a whole host of factors.
Jeff Norris: And I think that concludes our Q&A for the evening. Thank you for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here later this evening if you have any further questions. Have a good night.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Capital One Financial Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President, Finance. Please go ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Liz, and welcome, everyone to Capital One’s third quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2022 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any key forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled, Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 3 of tonight’s presentation. In the second quarter, Capital One earned $1.7 billion or $4.20 per diluted common share. On a linked quarter basis, period-end loans grew 3% and average loans grew 5%, largely driven by growth across our Domestic Card and Commercial businesses. In the linked quarter, revenue increased 7%, largely driven by growth in net interest income. The loan growth I just described and NIM expansion, both contributed to the increase in net interest income. I will touch on the NIM more in a moment. Non-interest expense grew 8% in the quarter, driven by an increase in operating expenses. Higher headcount and the associated compensation costs were the single biggest driver of the linked quarter increase. In addition to compensation expenses, the collective impact of a number of smaller items also drove up Q3 expenses. Provision expense in the quarter was $1.7 billion, driven by net charge-offs of $931 million and a $734 million allowance build. Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. The total company’s $734 million allowance build in the quarter brings our allowance balance up to $12.2 billion as of September 30. Our total company coverage ratio increased 14 basis points to 4.02%. Turning to Slide 5. I’ll discuss the allowance and coverage across each of our business segments. As you can see in the graph, our allowance coverage ratio increased modestly in each of our segments. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance increased $530 million, bringing our coverage ratio to 6.9%. The $6 billion of loan growth in the quarter drove the majority of the allowance build. The impact of continued normalization and a modestly worse corporate economic outlook were partially offset by the release of a portion of our qualitative factors linked to uncertainty in the economy. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance increased by $61 million, driving a 9 basis point increase in coverage to 2.6%. The modestly worse corporate economic outlook I just mentioned and expectations of credit normalization drove the allowance builds. And finally, the allowance increased by $107 million in our Commercial business resulting in a 9 basis point increase in coverage to 1.45%. A combination of the modestly worsening corporate economic outlook, an uptick in criticized loans and loan growth drove the allowance build. Turning to Page 6, I’ll discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the third quarter was 139%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Total liquidity reserves were roughly flat at about $93 billion as our liquidity reserves have largely normalized to pre-pandemic levels. Our securities portfolio declined by about $8 billion, driven by a combination of the decline in market value from rising rates and the continued planned runoff of the outsized portfolio we built during the pandemic. The decrease in our securities portfolio was primarily offset by higher cash and cash equivalents. Turning to Page 7. I’ll cover our net interest margin. Net interest income in the quarter was $7 billion, up 14% from the year ago quarter and up 7% from last quarter. Our net interest margin was 6.8% in the third quarter, 45 basis points higher than the year ago quarter and 26 basis points higher than last quarter. The 26 basis points linked quarter increase in NIM was driven roughly equally by three factors: first, an extra day to recognize income in the quarter; second, a continued balance sheet shift towards card away from lower-yielding assets; and third, the net benefit of the higher yield of assets relative to higher funding costs. Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our preliminary common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.2% at the end of the third quarter, up about 10 basis points relative to last quarter. The $1.7 billion of net income in the quarter was mostly offset by growth in risk-weighted assets, dividends and a little over $300 million in share repurchases. We continue to estimate that our longer-term CET1 capital need is around 11%. And with that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. I’ll begin on Slide 10 with third quarter results in our Credit Card business. Year-over-year growth in purchase volume and loans coupled with strong revenue margin, drove an increase in revenue compared to the third quarter of 2021. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. In the third quarter, strong year-over-year growth in every top line metric continued in our Domestic Card business. Purchase volume for the third quarter was up 16% year-over-year and up 47% compared to the third quarter of 2019. Ending loan balances increased $22 billion or about 22% year-over-year. Ending loans grew 5% from the sequential quarter, and revenue was up 21% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans as well as strong revenue margin. Strong credit results continued in the quarter. Both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate are well below pre-pandemic levels and continue to normalize. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.2%, up 84 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.97%, 104 basis points above the prior year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was down 6 basis points. The delinquency rate was up 62 basis points from the linked quarter. Non-interest expense was up 28% from the third quarter of 2021, including an increase in marketing. Total company marketing expense was $978 million in the quarter. Our choices in Domestic Card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing trends. In our Domestic Card business, we continue to lean into marketing to drive resilient growth. We’re keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. We’re seeing the success of our marketing and strong growth in purchase volume, new accounts and loans across our Domestic Card business. And strong momentum in our decade-long focus on heavy spenders continued in the third quarter. Heavy spender marketing includes early spend bonuses driven by continued strong account growth and spending as well as investments in franchise enhancements like our travel portal and airport lounges. In the third quarter, our marketing continued to drive strong growth in heavy spender accounts and strong engagement and spend behaviors with both new and existing customers. Our decade-long quest to build our heavy spender franchise has brought with it significantly increased levels of marketing. But the sustained revenue, credit, resilience, and capital benefits of this enduring franchise are compelling, and they’re growing. Slide 12 shows third quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the third quarter, we continued to pull back on growth in auto in response to competitive pricing dynamics. Many auto lenders appear to have reflected rising interest rates in their marginal pricing decisions, but others have not, and they have gained market share and pressured industry margins. We chose to pull back on auto originations, which declined 28% year-over-year and 20% from the linked quarter. Driven by the decline in originations, Consumer Banking loan growth is slower than previous quarters. Third quarter ending loans grew 5% to the year ago quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, ending loans were essentially flat. Third quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up 2% year-over-year. Consumer Banking deposits were flat compared to the sequential quarter. Consumer Banking revenue was up 7% year-over-year as growth in auto loans was partially offset by the year-over-year decline in auto margins and the effects of our decision to completely eliminate overdraft fees. Non-interest expense was up 13% compared to the third quarter of 2021, driven by continuing investments in the digital capabilities of our auto and retail banking businesses and the increased marketing for our digital national bank. The auto charge-off rate and delinquency rate continued to normalize in the third quarter. The charge-off rate for the third quarter was 1.05%, up 87 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.85%, up 120 basis points year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 44 basis points, and the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 38 basis points. Slide 13 shows third quarter results for our Commercial Banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances were up 2% from the sequential quarter, driven by growth in selected industry specialties. Average loans were up 7% in the quarter. Ending deposits were up 6% from the second quarter. Average deposits were down 2% in the quarter. Third quarter revenue was up 12% from the linked quarter. Non-interest expense was also up 12%. Commercial Banking credit remained strong in the third quarter. The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 5 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate was 5.97%, and the criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.57%. In closing, we continued to drive strong growth in card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the third quarter. Loan growth in our Consumer Banking business was slower compared to previous quarters as we pulled back on auto originations, and our Commercial Banking business posted another growth – another quarter of strong revenue growth. Credit results remain strong across our businesses. Charge-off rates and delinquency rates are below pre-pandemic levels and credit continues to normalize. We typically see an increase in operating expense over the second half of the year – of any year. This year, the timing of some of our investment opportunities drove a larger than usual third quarter increase in operating expense, which was up 11% from the second quarter. We expect that this year’s linked quarter increase in fourth quarter operating expense will be smaller than the approximately 7% linked quarter increase we’ve seen on average over the last five years. Turning to operating efficiency ratio. Relative to full year 2021, we expect annual operating efficiency ratio to be roughly flat in 2022 and modestly down in 2023. As usual, our operating expense and efficiency expectations exclude any potential adjusting items. Pulling way up, we’re in a strong position to deliver compelling long-term shareholder value as modern digital technology continues to transform banking. We continue to see opportunities to lean into marketing and resilient asset growth that can deliver sustained revenue annuities. Our growth opportunities are enhanced by our digital transformation. We continue to closely monitor and assess competitive dynamics and economic uncertainty. Powered by our modern digital technology, we’re continuously improving our proprietary underwriting, marketing and product capabilities. And we’re managing capital prudently to put ourselves in a position to thrive in a broad range of possible economic scenarios. And now, we’ll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. Remember, as a courtesy to other investors and analysts, you may wish to ask a question. Please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have additional follow-up questions, after the Q&A session, Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Liz, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Kevin Barker: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate the comments around credit and how we’re still in a normalization, back to pre-pandemic levels, particularly in some key asset classes. But at what point do you say that the year-over-year growth rate and delinquency rates is too fast relative to what you would expect for a typical normalization?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Kevin, so thank you for your question. Let me just pull up and just comment on normalization. First of all, the context of where we are because consumer credit remain strong, as you can see from the metrics. And our Domestic Card losses in the third quarter were about half of pre-pandemic levels. And our delinquencies are – and we’ve often said this, unmistakably normalizing. But right now, they remain about 20% below pre-pandemic level. There is not a certain point where we – we don’t look out there and say if the rate of growth of delinquencies exceeds a certain number, then we will pull back. But let me comment, first of all, that we’ve said for a long time, Kevin, and I know you know this that normalization is bound to happen. It would be shocking if it didn’t happen. And we’ve been talking for a bunch of quarters now saying it started you needed a magnifying glass to see it and we talked about that. And now, of course, you can see it in the numbers, and it’s definitely normalizing. What – the rate at which it’s normalizing is, frankly, more gradual than we generally expected, but we didn’t really have a road map to know exactly what pace it would normalize, we just believe so strongly that it would. So what we do with – rather than say there’s a certain number that would lead us to make a certain decision, we, of course, look at this with what’s happening with every segment and micro segment of our business and how it’s performing. We look for starters at the back book, and that is normalizing as – well, frankly, like everything here, more gradually than expected, but still the back book is clearly normalizing as well. We then look for other patterns of normalization. And here are some of the patterns that we see, Kevin. It’s more pronounced in the front book of new originations than in the existing back book. And by the way, it would be – that would be shocking if it weren’t the case because 100% of the time in our history, front books normalize faster during periods of change. And we – so that – but we confirm again that front books are normalizing faster. It also seems that normalization is more pronounced at the lower end of the market. And of course, those are the populations that improve more and more quickly earlier in the pandemic. Lower income consumers may also be feeling more pressure from inflation. So these trends shouldn’t be surprising. But at the – at kind of a high level, what we see is very normal and is – and basically, the way we’re leaning into the marketplace is very consistent with what we’ve been saying for a bunch of quarters now. But what we do at the micro level, at the segment level and the sub-segment level is look at the various metrics, both on the back book and on the front book to see what the patterns are, and we’re comfortable with what we see in terms of front book vintage curves as a general point and across a vast majority of all the segments that we operate in. We have – around the edges, we’ve done a little bit of dialing back in particular pockets where metrics are normalizing a little bit faster. We also sort of pull up and say, what are the kinds of – what are the risks that we would expect to see at a time like this with orthogonal looks through our book. And we brainstorm on what all the risk we could see, we go hunt for them. And in a couple of places, we have seen effects that caused a little bit of trimming around the edges, but the collective amount of trimming in the card business is pretty small relative to the overall scale of our growth. As you know, the – in the auto business, we have pulled back. At the very same time, we’re leaning into the card business, we’re pulling back in the auto business, but maybe I’ll save that for another question.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then just a follow-up. I mean, is there anything – I appreciate all – the look at the granular side of the business and what you see within your book on a very micro level. But from a macro level, is there anything that you’d look at that would make you pulled back that may not be apparent at the micro level? In particular, I think you made some prepared remarks about changes in the corporate outlook in particular. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, the changes in the corporate – can you repeat that last part, changes in corporate outlook.
Kevin Barker: I believe in your prepared remarks, you said there were changes in the corporate outlook that may have affected part of your allowance. Was there anything in particular that stood out that may cause you to pull back when you think about the macroeconomic outlook?
Richard Fairbank: Well, the – we, of course, at the whole time, we’re doing the micro examination of one segment at a time. We are looking at the macro trends. It’s really striking the level of inflation. And as I’ve often said, we collectively, everybody on this call, none of us – and – nobody across the business world has really lived something like this since the early ‘80s. So we’re especially looking for effects that might be different this time, Kevin, with respect to inflation and the – how that can play out. But – so we’re always on the lookout, but the net impression, I would want to leave here is very much the same impression that I’ve left with you the last many quarters here.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening everyone.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: So maybe just to start on the cost and efficiency side, Rich. So it’s good to hear that you’ll be back on the efficiency improvement journey next year. So I guess, just a two-part question. You talked about OpEx ramping less in the fourth quarter. But just given the level of marketing spend and how the spend has shifted under the hood in terms of moving up market, should we expect to see less than historical seasonality on the marketing side? And then second, just – can you help us with the magnitude of the efficiency improvement into next year? And what is actually driving the improvement? Is it pulling back on hiring or something else? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: So I don’t think we’re here to declare a – I want to make a comment about marketing seasonality. It’s not as – that’s not as much of a physics kind of thing as certain things like credit and delinquency seasonality with consumers. I think – so I’m not here to declare changes in the pattern of seasonality and marketing. The big driver of our marketing is the opportunities that we see as well as the investment in building businesses like our heavy spender business and our national bank. With respect to the drivers of operating efficiency improvement, just kind of pulling up on the journey that you mentioned. We’ve been focused about this and talking with investors about operating efficiency for years. And we’ve achieved a 440 basis point improvement from 2013 through 2021 even as we have invested in a comprehensive transformation of our technology over that same period of time. And we know that investing in technology modernization and driving for efficiency improvements are on a shared path. Technology investment helps our revenue growth and helps drive productivity improvements. And beneath the surface of the high level of investment has been significant productivity gains from modernizing our tech stack, eliminating legacy vendor costs, driving customers to digital and driving more automation in the company. And at the same time, of course, we have continued to lean into this technology journey and the opportunities that it generates. And the – so it’s a very shared path. And I think that our guidance for modest improvement in 2023 is a reflection of continued traction in growth and operating productivity while also continuing to invest in future opportunities.
Ryan Nash: Got it. I guess, as a follow-up question, maybe one for Andrew. Andrew, you laid out the details of some of the drivers as it pertains to the net interest margin. I fully understand that there’s a seasonal component to it in 3Q. But can you maybe just talk about the positioning of the balance sheet from a rate perspective? Do you think that you can continue to see the margin drift higher? And maybe just talk about of the drivers as you look out over the course of the next couple of quarters during the rising rate cycle? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Sure, Ryan. Recall, it’s probably helpful to start with a little bit of history here. And you’ll recall, our NIM was compressed during the pandemic, largely driven by a balance sheet that was skewed much more towards cash and securities than card loans. And as we progressed over the course of the pandemic, you saw that begin to normalize. And so just by way of evidence, a year ago, our NIM was, I think, 6.35%. I had said in my prepared remarks. And at that point, card was closer to 27%. I think of our interest-earning assets and cash and securities was something like 33%. Cards now shifted to be just over 30% and cash and securities are down to 27%. So I share that to say we’re now operating much closer to our pre-pandemic balance sheet mix. And our NIM is roughly in a similar spot to where it was before the pandemic. So to your question then about rate risk, you can see in our Q, our rate risk disclosures, we’re really only slightly asset sensitive at this point. And keep in mind that’s relative to forwards. So the 150 basis point projected moves over the next couple of months are already sort of embedded in that neutral baseline. And so as I think about the future, there’s a number of things that can impact NIM, not to mention seasonality, but the credit impacts on revenue, competitive pressure on loan margins and deposit pricing. But as we sit here today, I think a lot of the things that we pointed to in the past in terms of balance sheet mix at least have largely run their course. So hopefully, this gives you some sense of the primary forces that play with NIM.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good evening.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Just to follow-up on that for the follow-up question. So now that you’re back to the pre-pandemic mix of liquidity and loans, how should we think about where the balance sheet projects from here in terms of funding mix and funding stack? And maybe you could speak a little bit to your thoughts on the buyback because I noticed this quarter, it was down a bit, $313 million, down a bit from the prior two quarters, which averaged about $2 billion. So if you could help us understand how you’re going to be funding the loan growth and what kind of mix we should be expecting? Should liquidity go down even more than what it was pre-pandemic? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Okay. I’ll take, I think, what I heard is the first two questions there, Betsy, in NIM and funding, and then I’ll turn it over to Rich to talk about buyback. So on the NIM side and the asset portion of that, I just want to clarify what will drive it from here. I do think if you look back historically, cash and securities were roughly 25% of our balance sheet. We’re a little bit above that. But given our needs for liquidity and how we use the investment portfolio, I would think that something in that 25% range of the size of the balance sheet is a reasonable assumption for that. Then on the loan side, it really becomes a matter of just marketplace dynamics, what we see as opportunities for growth. And so whether card is growing more quickly than, say, auto or commercial, its percentage of the rest of the balance sheet could drift up. But I don’t want to give any indication of how we think that’s playing out, and there’s certainly not a target that we have in terms of the asset side of the balance sheet. On the funding side, we aim to have a diversified mix of funding that’s largely skewed to retail deposits, which, again, historically has been something, I think, around 70% of our overall funding, and we have commercial deposits and brokered CDs and then securitization and wholesale funding – other sources of wholesale funding. And so again, I would say if you look back to pre-pandemic levels over history compared to where we are today, we’re kind of back in a relatively similar place there. So I think I heard in your question, not just mix, but how do we fund growth from here in making marginal decisions for funding incremental loan growth. We’re going to weigh a variety of factors, our customers’ appetite for different deposit products and our ability to build customer relationships with them, the economics of different funding instruments, the duration of funding or liquidity needs. So we’re going to throw all of that into our decision-making process to figure out how to fund. But I also think it’s important to think about those funding choices at the margin. It’s not just about the liability side. We also have asset growth choices at the margin, too. So we’re just going to look at the total integrated economics of both sides of the balance sheet to make those choices. And I’ll hand it over to Rich to talk about buybacks.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew. Betsy, we – so with the question with respect to why did you slow down your share repurchase pace this quarter. So we repurchased roughly $300 million of shares during the third quarter. About 1.5 years ago, we had a CET1 in the high 14s. Since then, we’ve been repurchasing shares and our CET1 ratio has come down into the low 12s. And the pace of our repurchases is, of course, driven by a number of factors, including our actual and forecasted capital earnings, of course, growth, economic conditions, market dynamics. And at this point, there remains some pretty sizable error bars around some of these factors, particularly growth and economic uncertainty. And so it’s not lost on us at times like this. It’s prudent risk management to be conservative with our capital actions. And this is a very dynamic process. And under the new SCB rules, we’re able to maintain flexibility in our capital decisions.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Rich, you mentioned you’re keeping an eye on your competitors. I’m just wondering if you could just drill down a little bit on that given you’ve had a lot of fintechs in the space growing. And obviously, it’s a very unpredictable next 12 months to 18 months. So maybe you could just talk about domestic card and auto as well because you mentioned a number of different variables there? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Well, Sanjay, did you want me to talk about competition in those spaces? Or is it a competition-driven question?
Sanjay Sakhrani: I guess, competition, but also how it might have an impact on credit as we look forward because you’ve had some new players underwriting as well.
Richard Fairbank: Right. So, let’s talk about competition in the card business, and then I’ll talk about it in the auto business. But generally, in the card business, competition continues to be high, but largely stable and rational over the past few quarters. Now here, I’m really talking about the major – the banking industry, the classic competitive set within the card business. But we certainly have seen marketing levels that have returned to really beyond pre-pandemic levels. So, we certainly have an eye on that. On the rewards competition side, there’s – here or there, there are new things that people come out with, but there’s generally a stability in that space on APRs in the card business have generally – the issuers have generally adjusted headline rates along with the change in the prime rate. So there’s a kind of a stability in the margins there. And so again, we see a pretty stable competitive environment in the major – among major card players. A thing that we’ve mentioned a number of times is concerned about the fintechs and their impact on a business like the card business, less so by the fintechs actually running around issuing credit cards, but more by the impact from other credit products like installment loans, buy-now-pay-later loans and others that can affect the portfolio of borrowing that our customers, current and prospective customers might have. So, we were pretty concerned and we’ve talked about it a number of times about the rapidly growing extent of fintech credit extension compounded by the fact no one could measure the size of it, because many of these folks like many of the buy-now-pay-later players, for example, not reporting to the credit bureaus. The other thing that caught our eye, of course, all along the way here is, virtually every fintech that enters lending, enters in the lower side of the market. There’s virtually no one that enters right at the heaviest vendor side of the market. They just don’t have the scale for those thin-margin businesses. And so the fintech accesses to the extent that they’re there were logically and inferentially from what we see would be more in the lower end of the market, and that, of course, is something we watch pretty carefully to the best extent that we can see it. Now the one thing that, that just intuitively is a helpful thing to the cause here is that fintechs have generally struggled. They seem to have dialed back quite a bit. So there may be less pressure in that particular space. But another thing to keep our eye out for here is it’s not just the amount of volume of marketing or the intensity of competition is the underwriting choices that folks make. Another thing that, Sanjay, that we have had our eye on is basically FICO drift. And you can absolutely see out there the reduction in the size of the subprime population. Now we can all ask ourselves is that really just great news that the size of subprime America has declined or how much is that a shorter-term impact from all the stimulus, the forbearance, the spending pullbacks and things that happened during the pandemic. So, we ourselves do our best to try to normalize for those effects in our underwriting. And so where I would [Audio Gap] to say, I think the competitive risks that exist and that we have seen out there are more in the lower end of the marketplace even with credit cards themselves. If you look at the data, there has been the highest – there’s been more growth in the lower end of the market in terms of just credit card customers than anywhere else. So all of this is something we’re watching incredibly carefully. And to the earlier question that was asked about how do we do underwriting, we, of course, do everything we can to look at every segment and the – to look for any changes that we’re seeing ultimately in our own performance. We’ve trimmed around the edges in a few places. But overall, so far, it looks pretty good, but partly how we do this. We don’t just run around and just let the numbers do the talking. We do a combination of using actually machine learning monitoring-based methodologies to look for early signs of things being off of expectation within our portfolio. And then at the same time, broad strategic logic on what would you expect to happen from this competitive environment, from this credit environment, from this inflationary environment. So that’s a window into that side of the business. On the auto side of the business, the competition, I don’t – our issue with the competition is really not an underwriting issue at this point. The general risks that we talked about just a couple of minutes ago exist in that space as well on the credit side. But the elephant in the room is the – really the pricing of auto loans at this point by a number of players. And while that is not directly a credit concern, it lowers the margin in the business, it lowers the buffer of resilience and so on, and we manage very carefully to trying to keep a maximum amount of resilience in downturns and lower margins lead us to pull back on the least resilient parts of the business.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Great. Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks. Rich, you had an earlier question about kind of the change in delinquency rates. And I’m just – I’m wondering whether if you think that this cycle, there will be a different – any sort of different relationship in your two major businesses in card and auto between the loss rate and delinquency rate better or worse as we go through the next 18 months or so of credit normalization?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Moshe, as usual, that’s a very insightful question. Let me just comment a little bit on – just a little bit of a calibration of how we think about credit in the card and auto businesses. The first point would be, it’s normalizing in both places. But overall, credit has been strong in both our card and our auto business. But there are three effects that are driving faster normalization of auto losses, then of card losses. And the first is that normalization tends to be more pronounced in the front book of new originations. That’s a universal thing that applies across our consumer businesses. But because the front book – in auto, the front book replaces the portfolio much more quickly. Then in card, overall portfolio losses should normalize more quickly in the auto business. The second is that recovery rates are much higher in auto than in card. Now recoveries tend to be lagged relative to charge-offs. But – so some of the exceptionally strong performance we saw in auto, including the quarter where we actually had negative charge-offs, that was boosted by higher recoveries from earlier charge-offs. Now that we’ve seen low charge-offs for an extended period in auto, the raw material for future recoveries is coming down, even if the recovery rate stays strong, and this will have a bigger impact in auto than in card. But it will be an effect in both businesses, and it’s not something that I think gets a lot of airtime out there, but recoveries are definitionally about what’s happening with , if you will, the back book of recoveries. And in both of our businesses, the back book, which has been the byproduct of the great news over the last few years in terms of credit to back book, there’s just less to work with, but it’s especially an effect in auto. And finally, auto vehicle values are now normalizing, which is a headwind relative to a year ago and contributes to the pace of credit normalization in that business. And given where used car prices have been going to sort of record levels over the past year, the general direction of that is much more likely to be down rather than up so that also contributes to a difference between those two businesses.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. And as a follow-up, it’s good to see the guidance or some form of expectation of an improving efficiency ratio. But as I look at it, it seems like your balance sheet is still asset sensitive. And so to the extent that revenue growth is impacted and positively impacted by margin expansion, I mean, wouldn’t one really naturally expect to see that efficiency ratio improve because that doesn’t really come with a lot of attendant costs? So, I’m just wondering how to think about that? And what’s the right way to think about the spend – kind of like-for-like spending versus revenue growth?
Andrew Young: Moshe, let me take the first part of that, and then I’ll hand it over to Rich in terms of asset sensitivity. You can see last quarter’s Q, and I would expect it will be a fairly similar number this quarter, an up 100 basis point shock. Last quarter was 70 basis point impact to 12-month NII, which is something like a couple of $100 million of NII. And again, that’s a shock relative to forwards. So, I just want to clarify that when you talk about us being asset sensitive, we’ve already baked into our baseline the anticipated, call it, 150 basis points of additional Fed moves over the next couple of quarters. So achieving what I just described suggests the shock beyond that. But I think you should walk around with at this point, we are pretty neutral from an asset sensitivity. So, I just wanted to clarify that before Rich provides the broader answer.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Moshe, the – I’ve often said – and you and I have gosh, we’ve been working together for two or three decades now, Moshe. And I’ve often said that – I know we do a calculation that says this is on the things that we can measure. This is the impact of, let’s say, a rise in rates. I’ve often said, it can look good on paper to have a rise in rates, but I for three decades have been rooting against rises in rates because of the sort of unquantifiable other aspects on the business. Now of course, no one out here is rooting for the kind of inflation that we’re seeing and the kind of risk there. But I just want to flag that while the math talks about certain benefits that come just a couple kind of obvious, but I think important things that affect many of our metrics in the business. One is the conversation that we just had about the auto business. I think it’s – most businesses in the world, most industries struggle when the cost of goods sold goes up, struggle to get that to make its way into pricing. And the auto business is a classic example of this. And particularly since, unlike if you’re selling groceries at the store, it’s pretty clear what’s the cost of goods sold, and therefore, how you might want to price those groceries in this business with the complexity that comes from how any particular auto lender calculates their funds, transfer pricing and really effectively what is their margin that can put pressures in the business. And what we’re seeing in auto, the compression in margins, the growth opportunity that we’re losing right now, that can sort of swamp the math of Andrew’s interest rate calculations. And then, of course, I think the biggest issue is the impact of rising rates on the economy and on potentially credit outcomes. And back to our friend the operating efficiency ratio, credit impacts make their way into the operating efficiency ratio, of course, through – well, through the growth – through how much growth we can get and also things like the fee and finance charge reserve impacts that come. So I’m not – yes, so that’s why I think, in many ways, the kind of progress that we continue to hope to achieve over the years an operating efficiency ratio might be more in spite of rather than because of higher rates.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arren Cyganovich with Citi. Your line is now open.
Arren Cyganovich: Thanks. I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the card acquisitions that you’re having today and you’re a full spectrum lender, but your, I guess – I would characterize, I guess, newer in the heavy spend section and with your Venture X card. Are you acquiring more of that segment? And then also have you been pulling back at all in maybe revolver nonprime segment recently?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So the – we have talked a lot about the traction that we’re getting at the top of the market in the pursuit of heavy spenders. And I wouldn’t call us relatively new player in that business. We’re one of the actually pretty significant players in the space, but certainly not the biggest, not even close. But I think that – the bigger point there is that we continue to see more traction there. And whenever we – you see metrics about growth in purchase volume, we don’t share metrics about what kind of growth rate we’re getting at each spender level in the marketplace. But the higher the spender level, the higher – the even faster growth rate we’ve been getting. So that’s a manifestation of the success we’re getting. And it’s a – it’s both the byproduct of the investment we’re making, but also leads us to continue to lean in to those investments. But for all you hear of our enthusiastic comments about the top of the market, I don’t want to leave an impression that we are therefore less enthusiastic about the opportunity elsewhere. We continue to grow across the credit spectrum. We have several decades of experience in the lower end of the market and one of the real benefits of our tech transformation has been allowing us to build a lot more sophistication, more data, more machine learning and other things into the credit underwriting process. And that allows us to be stronger and have more growth opportunities and better credit quality in the – at the lower end of the market. So the story, the net impression I want to leave with you is one of very continued success across the spectrum. There are places, however, that we for a long period of time have been cautious about and frankly doing our best to minimize. And one of those is high balance revolvers. So high balance revolvers, which just what the term we – that term to us just to clarify that concept is not necessarily what are the balances that any revolver, any customer might have with us, but it’s collectively their total bureau balances. And we have been very cautious about booking customers for years now. And even more so after the great recession, booking customers with a high level of balance – revolver balances across their – that consumer’s portfolio. It tends to be a – to not go there ties one hand behind her back a little bit in terms of growth because growing high balance revolvers is a great – a good way to grow. And it’s also tends to be quite profitable business. But that is a segment that we have been concerned about the resilience and downturns. And so we’ve tended to for years now try to deemphasize that. I say deemphasize, that no one can fully get out of a segment like that, because the – we can’t control whether our own customers turn into high balance revolvers, but what we can control is whether they enter as high balance revolvers. So that’s a little window into maybe where we go a little more lightly.
Arren Cyganovich: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Don Fandetti: Hey, Rich. Can you talk a little bit on the move to the public cloud? It’s been a bit since we’ve heard a lot on that. Are you still feeling like it’s improving your new product development rollout?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, Don, we feel great about our move to the public cloud. It’s a central part of our technology transformation. Probably the most salient part of it, but certainly not the only part. But this transformation has involved – a transformation in terms of the tech talent within the company, bringing lots of thousands of engineers in-house, bringing more of the tech investment inside the company as opposed to reliance on vendors, so many of them industrywide who are old school legacy vendors and quite expensive. Is that – at that it’s involving – involved transforming how we build software. It’s involved going to the cloud, it’s involved transforming our data ecosystem. It’s involved modernizing all of the applications on which the company is built. So there’s been a lot to this journey and we’re a decade into it. The benefits are all around us and it really starts in many ways with benefits in the tech business itself, where our technology teams are moving faster, getting products to market sooner. And our software engineers are just way more modern tech stack to work with and automated software delivery methods and can also to your cloud point benefit by the tremendous, not just, well, the tremendous and continuing innovations that are happening on the cloud. Our customer experiences to continue to get more and more just better and better. And some of the – we notice it in net promoter scores and occasional awards that Capital One wins. The new products we’ve been able to innovate things like Capital One Shopping, virtual cards, dealer navigator, instant issuance. Many things have been very benefited there. I mentioned earlier the ability to get some transformational improvements on underwriting, fraud management, and a lot of things behind the scenes that leverage the power of big data and machine learning in real time. That has been very beneficial. Our transformation also is changing how we work inside Capital One, our new marketing platforms. Part of the reason that we’re investing more these days in marketing is really the power of mass customized machine learning driven marketing. So that’s – it’s been a good thing. And it’s also, as I mentioned earlier had a bunch of benefits in terms of enhancing productivity of the business. And the final thing I would say there Don, is that the tech transformation is really helping us get more of the thing we needed to start with to make it happen and that was talent. The biggest elephant in the room for corporate America who sit on legacy tech stacks is you need lots and lots of very modern, best-in-class tech talent in order to drive that transformation in a world where the scarcest, the tightest and most competitive labor market I’ve seen in the history of building Capital One is the competition for really modern tech talent. The transformation requires so much of that talent. And one of our rewards is now as we get on the other side of the canyon and really have a tech stack build like the very modern tech companies, the ability to attract talent is accelerating. And that’s part of a virtuous cycle. That is why we did it, is why we went on this journey, and it’s something that we see to this very day, and it’s also why we continue to invest more in the opportunities that we see.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Rick Shane: Hey guys, it’s Rick Shane. I think guys got called on. Andrew, quick question for you. When we look at the reserve rate on the domestic card portfolio, it ticked up slightly most of the build was a function of portfolio growth. Context is year-over-year, the single biggest increase in delinquencies that we’ve seen. I’m curious, when you think about the factor setting the allowance going forward, have you incorporated the trajectory of how fast delinquencies are increasing or is it a function of where delinquencies are now and in economic outlook? And can you capture that sort of rate of change?
Andrew Young: Sure, Rick. Well, let me just start by talking about the inputs to the allowance. I just think it’s important to sort of ground on the mechanics, the entirety of the mechanics, not just the piece that you called out. So, the first factor of course is just the size of the balance sheet. The second is really aligned to what you were just talking about, but it’s kind of a combination of factors, and that is really our outlook for future losses, net of recoveries against that balance sheet. So that starts from a place of looking at what is in the delinquency buckets today, which gives us a really good view of how the next, say six months or so of losses are going to play out. And then after that period, we have an assumption of continued normalization from those unusually strong levels. And then beyond that horizon, as I think, under CECL, there’s just an assumption of a gradual revision to historical averages. And then the third point is we apply qualitative factors against all of those expectations to account for uncertainties around economic downsides and inflation related risks. And so when we think about the allowance going forward, yes, I mean, today’s allowance of course does incorporate in what is in the delinquency bucket today and what that implies. But as we go forward, the allowance is really going to primarily be determined by just the growth in the balance sheet. And we saw that impact the allowance this quarter. But then secondly, every quarter we continue to normalize, we are going to be replacing lower loss content of the current quarter with higher loss content of future quarters, which again, will be informed by how the delinquencies are playing through each successive quarter. So there’s a number of other modest considerations, but that’s really the two big forces at play. And hopefully that gets to kind of the nature of your question.
Rick Shane: It does. And I guess what I’m really trying to understand is that if we follow the path that you expect in terms of normalization and what’s embedded in the reserves today and economic outlook doesn’t change. Again, I realize that’s something you can’t control. If you follow the expected path will, does that mean the allowance stay static or do you follow along that path? I think that’s what I’m really trying to get to.
Andrew Young: Well, you’re going to follow along that path because then when we get to a quarter from now, we’re going to apply all of those same factors to the allowance at a quarter from now. And the change in the allowance is just going to be the quantum of allowance we have today compared to the quantum of allowance that we would have doing those exact same things a quarter from now.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich and Andrew. Following up on that last question. What level of unemployment would you say is implicit in your allowance and marrying some of the micro with the macro from the earlier discussion? How does Capital One view the risk that some of the credit normalization trends that you’re seeing currently will ultimately be accompanied by some degree of degradation to the extent that the Fed proceeds through the hiking cycle?
Andrew Young: Why don’t I take the first one, and I must admit, I’m not quite sure I followed the second. So I’ll see if Rich followed that. Otherwise we’ll come back to you for clarification. But in terms of unemployment, I’m not going to provide specific metrics or economic assumptions. I will say though, Bill, we are generally consumers of like industry forecast as opposed to developing our own. So I think you could look at general consensus expectations for all of the key economic variables and assume that kind of roughly approximates what underlies our economic views on those variables. And I’m looking at Rich to see if he followed the second part of your question.
Richard Fairbank: Bill, I think, your question was, I’m going to put it in different words just to see if I’m saying the same thing.
Bill Carcache: Okay.
Richard Fairbank: We’ve got normalization going on right now with an economy that’s in some ways, certainly employment wise and some metrics not in a terrible place. And you have normalization – when normalization meets potentially significant economic worsening coming out of the or maybe catalyzed by the Fed going through their tightening right now. How do we feel about that? Was that your question?
Bill Carcache: Yes.
Richard Fairbank: I’m going to start doing earnings calls by just asking the questions and then answering them. So – but look, that is a great question and I think none of us should just be mathematical about normalization. Now, I’ve talked about how the root word in normalization is normal because what is abnormal is that credit ever got to this once in a lifetime place it did during the pandemic. So as I’ve said in the – in absolutely normal times, this thing should normalize. So the way – so we look at that and say, and expect that should continue. And then we look at the economy and the way that we would always look at that is we’ve done, many times we’ve been looking down the gun barrel of a potentially highly uncertain and maybe likely a worse economy. And it’s certainly hard to be in the prediction business. But what we do is we – there’s couple of big things that we do as an approach. First of all, we underwrite to an assumption of worsening. We try to make it so if things go bad, it’s not a surprise that it would be really bad banking to – it’d be underwriting to good scenarios. And I know everyone tries to be conservative, but I’m just saying with over three decades in building this company, at the heart of it is underwriting that looks in the rear view mirror of how programs are doing and overlaying a worsening assumption on that because that is could happen, and we need to be resilient to that. So you’ll often hear Capital One talking about the word resilient – resilience. Without a crystal ball about what’s going to happen over time, the critical thing is what is the resilience of the loans that we are booking. And we spend a lot of time, for example, in the card business, just looking at the ratio of revenue margin to the charge-off rates and stressing that and all kinds of things. So we underwrite to worsening. That’s a very important thing. Secondly, it is the management of credit decisions at the micro level so that we’re looking for the earliest indications of where problems can occur. And like I said earlier, that’s both – there’s – let me just give you a little bit of window into that. We, of course, have our way that we look at how all our businesses are doing and all of our vintages are doing. We leverage machine learning though, to also look for aberrations and anomalies that happened faster than they would show up with a report and maybe coming from sources that would not be our standard set of variables by which otherwise, our models would look at the business. And so real-time machine learning-driven monitoring is really important in any environment, but we – it’s really important in an environment like this because we’re looking for – because we expect anomalies to happen, we expect some of our segments to be stressed in even the current environment certainly as things get worse, and so we’re on the lookout and we have machine learning to help us. And then as I mentioned earlier, and sorry to be repetitive, but – but then – but it’s not just letting the machines and the models do the work is standing back and saying, gathering people around and saying, let’s think of all the things that could go wrong, what do you think will go wrong and what – where would weaknesses appear. And then based on that intuition, we go hunting for them. And all of the different approaches have been bearing fruit lately on a more modest basis in the card business and a little bit bigger basis in the auto business. And I would expect as the environment gets a whole lot worse from here, we’re going to – there’s going to be a lot of active trimming all over the place. And so it’s a combination of literally the most micro and analytical approaches marrying the most intuitive and big picture judgmental approach to managing risk.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mihir Bhatia with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Mihir Bhatia: Hi, thank you. I think just – follow. But I wanted to ask about the – I appreciate your comments earlier about you’re enthusiastic about all of card lending so full spectrum. But just given the recent focus on the higher spend and the more transactor-type customers, I was wondering if you think that growing that portion a little bit, maybe that portion has been growing at an outsized rate, how is that growth of that subsegment potentially change the card portfolio’s performance through the cycle or in a downturn?
Richard Fairbank: That is a great question. In fact, let me pull up for a second before I answer your question. We have very gradually across the business, paralleling the move to the top of the market. All across our business, we have been leaning harder into the spender side of the business and just continuing to be most attracted to customers who are there to spend whose patterns would be more consistent with the spending side of the business even as there is a bunch of revolving. So across our business, there has been a very gradual but purposeful migration for years toward the spender side. So I’ll put that down there. And then the second thing is the avoidance of high-balance revolvers. And then thirdly, the thing you’re pointing to the – importantly, increasing mix of heavy spenders in our business. That the impact, I think when a downturn comes, these things that we’ve been leading into and things we’ve been avoiding should be all other things equal beneficial to the performance of the business in terms of the credit losses themselves, the payment rates that we experienced there during the business. And part of why we have leaned into spenders more is just because all the evidence that we have seen is that it tends to just be pound for pound a more resilient group. So while it’s not a controlled experiment, I think the net effect of these changes will be beneficial to the credit results. And I think, enhance the resilience of the business that we have booked.
Mihir Bhatia: Thank you. And then just if I could ask just about the tech investments that you’ve been making. Can you talk about just how do they improve your ability to flex expenses as the competitive or macro environment changes? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Ironically, I think they may be – make things a little less flexible to – on the expense side, let me explain that. An increasing part of our cost structure as a company is our –is the tech business that we have built. It’s got a lot of fixed cost to it. And so that is not – I wouldn’t want to set an expectation that our sort of tech stack and our tech company that we have built is a more variable cost business because if anything, it might be a little more fixed cost business. Now there within that, choices on what we invest in and the timing of those always create flexibility. And in stressful times, they’re certainly on the investment side within tech can be more flexibility there. But the tech investment though pulling way up has tremendously enhanced Capital One’s overall flexibility. Our ability to turn quickly in the marketplace to make credit choices. If you look back to the – when we all went – when the world went into vertical free fall of uncertainty in the pandemic, just look back at how quickly Capital One turned with respect to some of the pullbacks we did, that would not have been possible in the more legacy world that we lived in before. So the ability to respond quickly, the ability to create changes in the offerings to consumers the ability to create – we have flexibility and offerings, flexibility and forbearance, new ways to adapt to the marketplace. Everything about Capital One, the speed of change of managed change is dramatically different from before. We also – and this is probably the most important recession resilience point is the monitoring point I made earlier, to have put in place a much more comprehensive real-time monitoring capability with root cause analysis that’s much more comprehensive than what we could have done before will allow us to be informed earlier on about things that are happening. And I do want to say I’ve been asked by a number of investors. Rich, we know you well enough to know how cautious you are about the economy and about downturns and the utmost respect for what – how risk can play out in these businesses, why are you leaning into the marketing opportunity? And one of the reasons that we’re doing that is this substantially improved measurement, monitoring and speed of response and the level of segmentation and micro segmentation by which we can do that gives us – allows the sort of paradoxical thing to lean in more than we otherwise might have been able to do.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our final question this evening comes from Dominick Gabriele with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Dominick Gabriele: Hey, can you hear me? This is Dominick from Oppenheimer.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Dominick.
Andrew Young: Yes.
Dominick Gabriele: Okay. Sorry. I guess so – is there any reason, Rich, why you would expect the payment hierarchy among consumer products in which they choose to pay or default, let’s say, in times of severe stress, is there any reason why anything you’re seeing that would change that hierarchy this cycle around from previous cycles? And then I just have a follow-up. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Dominick, that’s a great question. I can only sort of speculate here, but the most striking thing about the global financial crisis and Great Recession that – from a payment hierarchy point of view is what we saw with people literally walking away from their mortgages and what was really high on the payment hierarchy was auto loans. And we – and that may be a kind of a more universal resilience point on the auto side because people still have to drive to work. And so that’s probably more of a sustaining insight. I think that the, we got to look at student loans and think about where – I think we’ve already observed that’s pretty low in the payment hierarchy and trends these days and forgiveness and various things there would probably ensure that’s on the lower end. Another one that I would probably just speculate to add to the hierarchy this year is this time around is fintechs. And I think the fintechs who don’t report to the credit bureaus may have enjoyed their stealth opportunity to grow, but that’s probably not lost on the consumers. And so I think one of the reasons, we’ve really leaned harder into having spending be the anchor part of a consumer credit card relationship is that it’s not only a healthier place to be from the consumer point of view. But I think, counting on that credit card and making sure that you’ve got that in a downturn, that helps from a payment hierarchy point of view.
Dominick Gabriele: Okay. Great. And then just – when you just think of – I just want to go back to the tech investment and spend and how you think about it over the cycle and perhaps even some of the peers that you talked to at conferences. How do you as one of the country’s largest banks think about the investment that you put on? And what do you find does have what type of economic factors? Is it NIM? Is it NII growth changes or the credit growth changes that can have you put the brakes on the edges on year-over-year growth and tech investment spend? Thank you so much.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Dominick. These are all great questions. We – in case you haven’t noticed, I have a pretty deep conviction about the benefit of these tech investments, and that’s not just how I feel, that’s how all of us collectively feel here at Capital One. And the benefits of that tech investment are so comprehensive, although the company inside this company, we can see them everywhere. And they do so enhance how we work, the ability to manage risk, the ability to serve customers, the ability to create new products, the ability to grow. And so we do – and because we see such benefits, we are continuing to lean into tech investments. And as I mentioned earlier, there’s sort of under the surface quite a bit of productivity gain coming from the tech investment. But on the other hand, at the same time, we’re leaning in pretty hard into tech investments such that it’s – the effects are not that dramatic. In fact, over close to a decade, there’s been a more gradual kind of improvement in operating efficiency. We – there’s always the opportunity if times get really tough to pull back on tech investments, but we are not viewing these like luxury investments and just what to do on a sunny day because they are very materially transforming the opportunities of this company and the ability to manage risk and the ability to weather the very downturn that might motivate that reduction in investment.
Jeff Norris: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the conference call - Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer further questions you may have. Have a good evening, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakersâ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Danielle Dietz, Managing Vice President of Global Finance. Please go ahead, maâam.
Danielle Dietz: Thank you very much, Melinda, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's second quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live tonight over the Internet. To access the call, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2022 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, both accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Young: Thanks, Danielle, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the second quarter, Capital One earned $2 billion or $4.96 per diluted common share. On a linked quarter basis, period-end loans held for investment grew 6% and average loans grew 4%, driven by growth across all of our segments. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 1% or 3% after accounting for the $192 million gain on sale recognized in the prior quarter. Non-interest expense grew 1% in the quarter, driven by an increase in marketing, which was partially offset by lower operating expenses. Provision expense in the quarter was $1.1 billion driven mostly by net charge-offs of $845 million and a $200 million allowance build. Turning to slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. The total company's $200 million allowance build in the quarter brings our allowance balance up 2% to $11.5 billion as of June 30th. Our total company coverage ratio decreased 15 basis points to 3.88%. The changes in allowance and coverage ratio varied by segment, which I'll cover on slide five. Across all our businesses, loan growth and a worsening economic outlook drove upward pressure on allowance. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance increased by $145 million. The coverage in Consumer Banking increased 14 basis points to 2.51%. In our Commercial Banking business, the allowance increased by $152 million. The coverage in Commercial Banking increased five basis points and now stands at 1.36%. In addition to the allowance build, there was also $39 million of provision related to unfunded lending commitments. In our Domestic Card business, we released $128 million of allowance despite the effects of the growth and worsening economic outlook I previously mentioned. We have seen some signs of gradual normalization in our card credit metrics. But so far, the pace of that normalization has been slower than what we assumed when we set last quarter's allowance. The impact of this slower-than-assumed normalization more than offset the growth and worsening economic outlook, leading to the allowance release. We continue to carry elevated levels of qualitative reserves for downside risks related to economic uncertainty. The coverage ratio for Domestic Card now stands at 6.82%. Turning to page six. I'll discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the second quarter was 144%, well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Total liquidity reserves declined $17 billion in the quarter as our liquidity normalizes towards pre-pandemic levels. Cash and cash equivalents declined about $5 billion and now stands at $22 billion. We also had a $6 billion decline in our securities portfolio driven by the combination of the mark from rising interest rates and the continued runoff of the outsized portfolio built during the pandemic. Turning to page seven, I'll cover our net interest margin. Net interest income in the quarter was $6.5 billion, up 13% from the year ago quarter and up 2% from the sequential quarter. Our second quarter net interest margin was 6.54%, 65 basis points higher than the year ago quarter and five basis points higher than the prior quarter. Relative to a year ago, the increase in NIM is largely driven by a balance sheet shift as we continue to deploy excess cash and securities into loan growth. The linked quarter increase in NIM was driven by an additional day to recognize revenue. Higher yields on assets in the quarter were offset by higher wholesale funding and deposit costs. Outside of quarterly day count, our NIM from here will largely be a function of the changes in our balance sheet mix, the impacts of interest rates beyond forwards, wholesale funding costs, and the impacts of competition on loan yields and deposit betas. Turning to slide eight, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.1% at the end of the second quarter, down about 60 basis points from the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was more than offset by share repurchases and growth in risk-weighted assets. We continue to estimate that our long-term CET1 capital need is around 11%. In the quarter, the pace of our repurchases slowed to about $2 billion. The pace of any future repurchases will be driven by a number of factors, including our actual and forecasted capital earnings, growth, economic conditions and market dynamics. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. I'll begin on slide 10 with second quarter results in our Credit Card business. Year-over-year growth in purchase volume and loans, coupled with strong revenue margin, drove an increase in revenue compared to the second quarter of 2021. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic card results which are shown on slide 11. Our Domestic Card business posted another quarter of strong year-over-year growth in every top line metrics. Purchase volume for the second quarter was up 18% year-over-year and up 48% compared to the second quarter of 2019. Ending loan balances increased $19.7 billion or about 21% year-over-year. Ending loans grew 6% from the sequential quarter, and revenue was up 21% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans, as well as strong revenue margin. Strong credit results continued in the quarter. Both the charge-off rate and the delinquency rate continued to gradually normalize, but remain well below pre-pandemic levels. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.26%, a 2 basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.35%, 67 basis points above the prior year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 14 basis points, roughly in line with normal seasonal patterns. The delinquency rate was up 3 basis points from the linked quarter, which we -- when we typically see modest seasonal improvement. Non-interest expense was up 28% from the second quarter of 2021, driven by an increase in marketing. Total company marketing expense was about $1 billion in the quarter. Our choices in Domestic Card marketing are the biggest, but not the only driver of total company marketing trends. The primary non-card driver of increased marketing is in our Consumer Banking business, where we're marketing to drive deposit growth and build customer franchise in our digital-first national banking strategy. In our Domestic Card business, we continue to see opportunities to book accounts and loans that can generate resilient and attractive returns. And we continue to lean into marketing to drive growth and build a franchise across our Domestic Card businesses. We're keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risk. And as always, we underwrite to a worsening scenario, even as we lean into marketing. We're seeing the success of our marketing and strong growth in purchase volume, new accounts and loans across our Domestic Card business. And we continue to gain traction in our decade-long focus on heavy spenders. In the second quarter, heavy spender marketing includes increased early spend bonuses driven by strong first quarter account growth and spending as well as investments in franchise enhancements like our travel portal and airport lounges. As a result of our marketing, we posted strong growth in heavy spender accounts and strong engagement and spend behaviors with new and existing customers. We're gaining share and building a long-term franchise with heavy spenders at the top of the market. Pulling up, our heavy spender franchise has a different economic mix than some of our other card businesses. It has significantly higher upfront costs of brand building, marketing and promotions and investments in high-end experiences. However, the long-term economics are compelling. And as our heavy spender franchise has grown significantly in recent years, its impact has quietly and gradually changed several Domestic Card metrics and financial results. Heavy spender credit losses are low, which lowers overall Domestic Card loss rates, all other things being equal. Naturally high heavy spender payment behaviors are a key driver of our long-term trend of increasing domestic card payment rates, and high payment rates go hand-in-hand with strong credit performance. Heavy spender attrition is very low, and that's been a factor in our strong Domestic Card loan growth. Heavy spenders have a particularly large impact on increasing purchase volume and have been a major driver of strong Domestic Card purchase volume growth that has generally exceeded loan growth over time. This spend velocity has driven increases in net interchange revenue in absolute terms and as a percentage of total revenue. And these interchange fee revenues -- revenue annuities are strong and sustained over very long-term customer relationships. Our heavy spender franchise generates financial results that are attractive, less volatile and very resilient. As a result, the heavy spender business requires less capital and delivers strong long-term returns on capital. Pulling way up, our 10-year quest to build our heavy spender franchise has brought with it significantly increased levels of marketing, but the sustained revenue, credit resilience and capital benefits of this enduring franchise are compelling, and they're growing. Slide 12 shows second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the second quarter, choices we made in our auto business impacted several Consumer Banking trends. We pulled back on growth in auto in response to competitive pricing dynamics. As you'd expect, many auto lenders have raised pricing as rising interest rates drove higher marginal funding costs, but some others have kept pricing relatively flat. These competitors have gained market share and pressured industry margins. We chose to pull back on auto originations, which declined 20% year-over-year and 12% from the linked quarter. As we pulled back on originations, the year-over-year growth of ending loans in the Consumer Banking business decelerated to 9% in the second quarter. On a linked quarter basis, ending loans were up 1%. Second quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up 2% year-over-year, aided in part by the transfer of a small portfolio of deposits from our commercial bank. Consumer Banking deposits declined 1% from the sequential quarter. Consumer Banking revenue was essentially flat compared to the prior year quarter as growth in auto loans was offset by the effects of our decision to completely eliminate overdraft fees and the year-over-year decline in auto margins.  Auto margin compression was primarily driven by the increase in our marginal funding costs, resulting from rapid interest rate increases and the aggressive competitor pricing that, I just discussed. Noninterest expense was up 15% compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by the increased marketing for our digital national bank and continuing investments in the digital capabilities of our auto and retail banking businesses. Second quarter provision for credit losses swung from a net benefit of $306 million in the second quarter of 2021 to a net expense of $281 million. We added to the allowance for credit losses in our auto business in the quarter compared to an allowance release in the year ago quarter. The auto charge-off rate and delinquency rate continue to gradually normalize, but we remain well below pre-pandemic levels.  The charge-off rate for the second quarter was 0.61%, up 73 basis points from the unsustainably low, in fact, negative quarterly charge-off rate a year ago. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.47%, up 121 basis points year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was down 5 basis points, and the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 62 basis points. Slide 13 shows second quarter results for our Commercial Banking business, which delivered strong growth in loans and revenue in the quarter. Second quarter ending loan balances were up 9% from the sequential quarter. Average loans increased 5%. Growth in selected industry specialties drove our growth.  Ending deposits were down 14% from the first quarter and down 10% year-over-year, driven in part by the transfer of a small portfolio of deposits to our retail bank that I mentioned a few moments ago, as well as rate-driven runoff as some customers withdrew deposits in search of higher returns. In the second quarter, deposit balances were also impacted by seasonal outflows.  Second quarter revenue was up 3% from the linked quarter and 26% from the prior year quarter. Non-interest expense was down modestly from the linked quarter and up 16% year-over-year. Provision for credit losses increased $214 million from the first quarter, largely driven by a build in the allowance for credit losses. Commercial Banking credit remained strong in the second quarter.  The Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 14 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate was 5.3%, and the criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.7%. In closing, we continued to drive good growth in card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the second quarter. Consumer Banking loan growth continued, albeit at a slower pace. And our Commercial Banking business posted strong growth in loans and revenue.  Credit results remain across our businesses, with charge-off rates and delinquency rates well below pre-pandemic levels even as credit continues to gradually normalize. And we continued to return capital to our shareholders. For more than three decades, we have hardwired resilience into every underwriting and growth choice we make in good times and bad. And we've steadfastly focused on building an enduring franchise. Sticking to these core tenets, we've demonstrated resilience through several cycles. We've been in a strong position to seize opportunities as markets evolve and as cycles played out. And we've delivered significant value over the long-term. And we're living by these same core tenets today. We continue to see opportunities to lean into marketing and resilient asset growth that can deliver sustained revenue annuities long after the normalization trends and cyclical credit pressures play out. We're confident in the choices we're making. As we continue to closely monitor and assess competitive dynamics and increasing economic uncertainty, our credit results remain strong. We're staying focused on the most resilient businesses and sub-segments. And we're continuing to hone the proprietary underwriting and product structures that have driven our resilience through prior cycles. All of these growth in credit risk management choices are enhanced by our technology transformation. We're managing costs tightly even as we continue to invest in transforming our technology and digital capabilities that are the engine of future growth and efficiency. While the imperatives and marketplace opportunities and risks impact the timing, we remain focused on delivering operating leverage over the long-term powered by growth and digital productivity gains. And we're managing capital prudently to put ourselves in a strong position to weather a broad range of possible economic scenarios and to emerge in a strong position to capitalize on opportunities that are often generated as cycles play out. Pulling way up, we believe that our long-standing core tenets and the choices they drive today are putting us in a strong position to continue to deliver resilience and compelling long-term shareholder value as the sweeping digital transformation of banking continues. And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Danielle?
Danielle Dietz: Thanks, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Melinda, please start the Q&A session. 
Operator: Thank you.  And we'll go first to Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey good evening everyone.
Richard Fairbank: Good evening Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Rich, maybe just to start off on marketing, which was up again sequentially. Have we seen the peak impacts of the early bonuses? And maybe just more broadly, are you guys still leaning in? And maybe you could just talk about the decision in the context of where we are in the economy with inflation? And maybe are you pulling back in any pockets just given what's going on across the customer base?
Richard Fairbank: Ryan, we -- on the early bonuses, I mean, that's really tied to how hard we lean into Venture X, for example. I mean we have early spend bonuses pretty much across our rewards business. So, let me separate a little bit. So, we have the launch of Venture X, and some companies launches are sort of a quarter long kind of thing. We continue to lean into that. You've seen our national advertising continue on that. So, the early spend bonuses continue as part of that and then also their early spend bonuses at a stable rate for the -- some of our other rewards products as well. With respect to the economy, we -- it's not lost on us that there's a lot of noise out there in the economy. And we -- every day, we talk about this and there's always uncertainty. There's probably, I think, more uncertainty at the moment and probably on average, and that's not lost on us. We -- so we don't make a top-of-the-house decision that says we're going to spend this much on marketing because these decisions are very -- decisions at the margin based on models and estimated loss rates and putting resilience factors in there and response rates and a lot of things. There has been some trimming around the edges in card quite a bit more so in auto, by the way, as I talked about just a few minutes ago. But staying with card for a minute, there has been some trimming around the edges. But generally, the kind of core target segments that we've been going after, we are continuing to feel good about and lean into. So, I think your net impression should be that while we have a very watchful eye on the economy and obsess about it every day, our underwriting decisions underwrite systematically. At Capital One, we underwrite to a worsening scenario. And so we feel good about our originations. And -- but one thing about our tech transformation that has really been good also is it allows us to move and adapt much more quickly. In most -- in companies and frankly, in some of our past years, when we decided to turn, it sometimes took quite a bit of time to move the whole machine. We've been able to create a much more adaptive and responsive infrastructure at Capital One. And so that's also helpful in a time of uncertainty. But net-net, we feel good about the opportunities, and we're leaning into them.
Danielle Dietz: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Kevin Barker of Piper Sandler.
Kevin Barker: Thank you very much. Could you further discuss some of the things that you're seeing on the auto sector just given where it's been throughout 2021 where we saw really good performance? And then now it just seems like the combination of rising delinquency rates, unresponsive yields and just some softening in used car prices are really impacted. Can you just give us an outlook on what your expectations are and how Capital One going to react through this year and potentially in a recessionary environment in 2023? Thank you.
Danielle Dietz: Rich, I think you need to unmute yourself.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, sorry. Kevin, thank you. The auto business is one that -- I mean, we're still -- we still see significant opportunity in the auto business. But, of course, what we always share with investors is how we're feeling at the moment and at the margin. So the biggest at the moment thing that we wanted to share with you is how the competitive environment feels. And we've been saying for some time that the low charge-offs, we worry that too long of a period of low charge-offs and too long of a period of, in many ways, unsustainably high used car prices can dull the senses of players in the auto industry and cause a weakening in underwriting. We haven't really seen -- that's not the primary story that we see. We certainly are on the lookout for that. The story has really been more hijacked, if you will, by what's happened with inflation and the significant increase in -- for companies and in cost of funds. And most auto players, and certainly, the money center, in particular, have moved up their pricing very consistently and responsibly to the increases in the underlying cost of funds in the economy. And what is striking is that, some competition has not. There are a few large players whose movement is -- in pricing is well behind that. And then you have the credit unions who have, I think, a very different kind of business model and a different way to calculate what their funding cost is. The credit unions have really not moved at all in terms of their pricing, and they've had actually a very significant increase in market share. So we are -- we continue to be very dedicated to the auto business. We have relationships with dealers. We're not -- this is not like a huge pullback, but what we're doing at the margin is, with the tighter margins that now at least temporarily exist in the business, for us, that has led us to trim around the edges. That's, I think, the biggest story that we would say in auto. The other thing is used car pricing. Let's talk just a little bit about that, Kevin. Vehicle values remain strikingly high and obviously well above pre-pandemic levels. And supply constraints remain the biggest factors supporting high vehicle values. And everything that we see suggests vehicle production will remain constrained in the near-term. And even when production normalizes, I think it will take time for dealers to rebuild their inventories. So probably the near-term outlook is pretty good with respect to used car values. But if I pull up a concern that I've often voiced is that from an underwriting point of view, what really matters is not the absolute level of collateral values, but the relative value of collateral values versus the underwriting assumptions that a lender made. And so we assume significant declines in collateral values in our underwriting, but we have a watchful eye on an industry that for quite some time now has been hopefully not getting used to the used car prices that are at relatively -- are at record levels versus anything we've seen in the past. So I think the auto opportunity continues to be a significant one for Capital One, but particularly driven by pricing, which may, by the way, ameliorate for certainly everyone except the credit unions in a relatively short period of time. But until then, we will continue to be pretty tight around the edges, and we wanted to share that with you.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Bill Carcache of Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening, Rich, Capital One has long been known for its rich information-based analytics. How are you thinking about the risk that the strength we're seeing in the consumer and labor markets is in and of itself inflationary and could lead the Fed to have to do more? And since the impact of Fed hikes tends to be lagged, unemployment tends to continue to increase well after peak Fed funds, maybe can you talk a little bit about how this dynamic feeds into costs, underwriting and reserving models?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So -- well, thanks. Let's just kind of pull up and talk about inflation. We haven't seen sustained inflation in the US in many decades, but it's been running above 5% for over a year now, and it reached, I think, 9.1% in June. And producer prices are increasing even faster. And of course, the Fed has started raising rates in response, and the market expects further increases. So what I want to do is maybe list some of the potential impacts to our business of sustained inflation, and it's mostly negative. So if the economy suffers as a result of efforts to slow inflation, we will certainly feel that. And the biggest way that we would feel that would be in consumer credit losses. Consumers also were already starting to feel the impact of price inflation outpacing wage growth. Also in our lending business, higher cost of funds could put pressure on our margins, especially if lenders don't adjust pricing in response.  And we're already seeing that in the auto business. By the way, in the card business, just as a comparison, I've been struck by generally the responsiveness of the pricing in the card business to be responsively adaptive to interest rates. I mean it's a variable rate product, but also just in terms of offered rate by competitors, that seems to have moved much more dynamically than what we've seen selectively in auto.  Then other things about the impact of interest rate increases, let me think. We've got â you can sometimes see lower demand for credit products just because headline pricing seems higher even if real pricing isn't. And in our underwriting â well, let me just say one thing, and you put your finger on it. Well, a striking thing right now is, how low the unemployment rate is. And we have certainly seen in our modeling of credit over all the decades, we've been doing this at Capital One.  From a macroeconomic point of view, the biggest direct driver of credit losses is unemployment. And so, we start in a very strong position now. But to your point, there's irony in the strength of this position, and it could contribute to some of the affects you identified.  I do want to also just -- while we're on the subject of inflation, though, just highlight a few favorable effects of inflation as well. Existing debt levels will decrease in real terms in a period of sustained inflation. High vehicle values, which support auto credit, may be more sustainable in a high inflation environment. But in total, I think the effects tilt definitely in the negative direction.  So, it's a tough thing to model collectively all these things, but what we do is we start with sort of a general theory of how this stuff works. We try to incorporate it into the decision-making that we do. And then like a hawk, we look for these various effects to happen and are prepared to be responsive.  And in fact, just the one last thing I want to say is, I've always felt that it's very hard to predict economic cycles. I don't think Capital One is in a better position than anyone else to predict economic cycles. Sometimes you've seen us weigh in, in predicting credit cycles, which can be correlated, but not the same thing as that. But the most important thing that -- what I take away from years of doing this is, it's very hard to predict these cycles.  The key thing is to underwrite to a resilience level to make it very successfully through cycles, and that's been a cornerstone of our strategy, actually since the founding day of Capital One.
Bill Carcache: Yes, super helpful Rich. Thank you for taking my question. I will let others jump in. thanks.
Danielle Dietz: Great. Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Rick Shane: Thanks for taking my question. Hey, Rich, when I sort of piece together everything that I'm hearing and looking at the numbers, if we particularly focus on the growth and the reserve movements at the consumer lending business, the Credit Card business and the commercial lending business, it kind of feels like you are diverging in your outlook in terms of the Credit Card business outperforming the other businesses likely from a cost perspective. Is that because of competitive pressures, or is there something in line that you're seeing that would cause that divergence?
Richard Fairbank: So Rick, I don't know if we explicitly run around with a -- I wouldn't say our view is that stark as you say it, but I think that we certainly feel the most bullish about the card business. Let's talk about why for a second. First of all, just as the business and with the business model Capital One has, with the resilience it's shown through several downturns now and the power of leveraging data and analytics and mass customization to that business, I think that we feel particularly high level of resilience in that business, and that has been demonstrated in the past. And if anything, I think the technology transformation and some of the continued choices we've made like dialing back from high balance revolvers and other things has -- and as I said, the whole heavy spender push, I think, has put Capital One and actually an even stronger position from a resilience point of view. Also in terms of what we see going on with the -- in the business, there is normalization, but it is really quite gradual. By the way, the normalization is gradual across all of our businesses. But the -- but I want to point out just a bit of a math point in auto, for example. Auto is normalizing gradually, so is card, but -- and the front book with respect to auto and card, which are both normalizing faster than the back book, by the way, I've seen that universally, whenever there's normalization, one always sees it more in the front book than in seasoned back books. But if you think about auto as an average life of like two years, and Credit Card last much longer than that. And so as there's front book normalization, the replacement speed in the portfolio in auto is much faster than in card. So even for the same amount of normalization in those two businesses, in, say, the front book, you're going to get just mathematically faster normalization in auto. So it is our expectation. It would be surprising to us if that weren't the case, more just because of the math of replacement of a more rapidly turning over portfolio. So, we certainly -- card is the business we're most bullish about is the one that we're leaning hardest into. And you'll notice our story here. We're not -- our story is not a universal one that says I know there's a lot of uncertainty out there, but we feel great about growth. So, we're leaning into it everywhere. You can see an example of what you've seen over the years of how Capital One works. Everything is choices that is made at the margin locally, I mean, in various businesses. And the fact that in auto, we're pulling back significantly as we've talked about while leaning pretty hard in the card and certain parts of commercial is a window into that very phenomenon. Rick, thank you very much.
Rick Shane: Thank you.
Danielle Dietz: Rick, did you have a follow-up question? Okay, we'll go to the next question, please, Melinda.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. A question for Andrew. Could you just talk about how you see the NIM progressing from here? Obviously, the rate outlook suggests more rates than last quarter. Maybe just talk about how you're seeing deposit betas progress and sort of how that plays through the NIM?
Andrew Young: Sure, Sanjay. Why don't I start with beta and just give a little bit of detail there and then feather it into the broader NIM question you asked. And so when you look at our deposits, roughly 15% are a combination of commercial and brokered, which have higher betas, but really the 800-pound gorilla is the -- something like 85% of the deposits that are in retail. So, I'll focus mostly there. And I think looking back on history as a guide is a bit of a challenge in this cycle. So we've already seen 150 bps of move in the first six months. We're expecting another 200 or so over the next. And in the last rising cycle, it took three and a half years to just get to 200 in that first year. We moved 50 in total versus the 350 we might see this year. And so I share that context to say the faster and larger set of moves, coupled with quantitative tightening and the possibility of some competitors being a bit more aggressive to fund their loan growth, all will play into how competitors behave and the overall level of deposits. And so if I look at the last rising cycle, we were at something like 40%. And the last falling cycle, we were around 50. But given the factors that I described a moment ago, it's hard to really pinpoint exactly what's going to transpire looking ahead, but I would think our cumulative beta could be around or slightly above the last rising cycle. And so in line with what you've seen historically, beta moves pretty slowly in the beginning to the first set of hikes. And so this quarter, you saw that we were high single-digits, but the planned rate hikes for the second half of the year are likely going to pressure that beta up. And so, when I take that and factor it into our NIM outside, obviously, of the quarterly day count effects, the tailwinds to our NIM are going to be the asset mix moving towards higher yielding assets like card. And what we saw in this quarter, by the way, ending card loans grew faster than average, so the more that card is growing relative to other asset classes and the cash and investment portfolio and then just the broader asset yield increases from the higher interest rates. Those are things that are going to be tailwinds. The headwinds are going to be the deposit costs, not only from the rising deposit betas that I just described, but also wholesale funding costs to the extent that we do more of that and depending on credit spreads in the marketplace. But there isn't one dominant force in those factors from where we stand today. So I think they're all going to be pushing against one another and we're going to see where that nets out in the coming quarters.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. Just a follow-up question for Rich. Obviously, there's been a massive dislocation in the fintech space from a valuation standpoint. I'm curious if you think that presents opportunities for M&A for Capital One. Thanks.
A â Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Sanjay. Capital One, we've said for a number of years that unlike most banks, we're not on a quest to go buy other banks and build our national banking franchise that way. So -- and that really where we would do acquisitions, it would really be of -- either basically of tech companies themselves that bring a tech capability or fintechs that bring a tech-based capability right in our business sweet spot. So we have -- for that reason, plus our great interest in learning from fintechs, we have been very keen observers of that marketplace. We -- you haven't seen much in the way of acquisitions from Capital One, because of the breathtaking pricing that fintechs have had. But certainly, to your point, as the pricing has crashed in that marketplace, we continue to watch the market carefully. And our strategy remains the same that we believe that Capital One is kind of an ideal buyer for fintechs, because we have a modern tech stack and we built a company that feels very much like a tech company and I think is very well suited to acquire and assimilate and provide opportunity to the talent that comes in a tech acquisition. So that's sort of the principle behind it. So we continue to look in the marketplace, and that's the primary acquisition interest that Capital One has, which is kind of different from, I think, most banking institutions.
Danielle Dietz: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Don Fandetti of Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Hi. Rich, I was wondering if you could maybe talk about where you see more downside surprise risk on the credit spectrum. Is it the lower end consumer, or is it the affluent heavy spender? And I guess on the low end, can consumers really weather the strong inflation, in particular, unemployment softens a little bit?
Richard Fairbank: So Don, thank you for that. Let's start by just talking about the consumer. Certainly, I'm certainly struck by the starting point of where the consumer is because the US consumer remains quite healthy. We see sustained improvements in consumer balance sheets coming out of the pandemic. Let's see. Debt servicing burdens remain near like mutli decade lows. The savings rate has dipped below pre-pandemic levels over the past few months, but cumulative savings over the last two years remain a significant positive still for consumers on average. We see higher bank account balances and higher household net worth across the income spectrum. Labor market demand remains exceptionally strong with record numbers of job openings and solid wage growth. And in our own portfolio, we see continuing strength in our delinquency roll rates and recovery rates. Despite times of credit normalization, our credit metrics remain strikingly strong by any standard -- any historical standards. So that is the context that we see. But to your point, the big headwinds for consumers are price inflation and higher interest rates. And inflation could erode the excess savings consumers accumulated through the pandemic, especially if price increases continue to run ahead of wage growth. Higher interest rates could push up debt servicing burdens, although this effect is muted by the fact that most existing household debt is in fixed rate mortgages and auto loans. So I'm struck by, though, the strong starting point for consumers as we look into the potential -- the headwinds of inflation and more economic trouble. And I would contrast this, of course, to the Great Recession or the global financial crisis, which -- where the consumer was in a much weaker position going into that. Now the strength of the consumer is pretty much across the board -- across the -- from the top of the market into sub-prime. And so I think the thing most striking is how sort of universal it is. But it is also the case that normalization is a bit more pronounced in sub-prime than it is higher in the market. But these â these populations, though, Also more and more quickly earlier in the pandemic. So, I think these trends shouldn't be surprising. So, I think certainly â now FICO score and income are not the same thing. But a lot of times, people tend to state them in the same breadth. Our subprime business is definitionally about people with FICO scores below a certain level.  But I think that the consumer starts in a strong place, then we should probably expect normalization to be a little faster on the lower end. And interestingly, if you switch to kind of income, which is a different cut than FICO certainly, and income, I'm struck by the fact that consumers â the wage growth for the lower income consumers is -- they're kind of the one category, the lower income consumers, where their wage growth has been keeping up with inflation, but that won't necessarily continue, but that's also a position of strength. But pulling way up, I think we could see normalization a little faster in subprime. I think, in fact, we already can see very modestly that effect. But of course, in our underwriting and the whole business model of Capital One, that's also where we have built in kind of the biggest buffers of resilience. So, we feel good about that part of the marketplace. We feel good really across the credit spectrum and to lean into our marketing opportunity.
Don Fandetti: Got it. Thank you.
A â Danielle Dietz: Great. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. Rich, you had mentioned that you saw good kind of increases in prices for new accounts across the spectrum. But at the same time, I guess, rewards and upfront bonuses have also been very high. Can you just talk about how you're seeing the kind of competitive environment, particularly for the higher-end consumer where you're spending a lot of that effort?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, competition in the rewards space is, I'd say, more intense than pre-pandemic -- a bit more intense than pre-pandemic levels, but largely unchanged in recent quarters. So early spend bonuses in points offers were slightly more aggressive than in the first quarter, and we continue to see certain offers come in and out of market.  Cash, early spend bonuses are higher now than pre-pandemic, but have been relatively stable at these elevated levels since basically mid last year. And then if we look at the baseline rewards earn rates, particularly in the cashback space, they overall were probably more aggressive in the middle of 2021 as new products were being introduced, but it's been relatively calm since. Now we feel great about our flagship products. We continue to be very pleased by consumers' response and engagement with them. We're very pleased with the launch of our Venture X card. But I think if I pull way up, Moshe, one of the things that I so deeply believe and have experienced is that winning in the heavy spender space, I think it requires good products, but you can't win with good products. It takes a lot more than that. And the customer experience, specifically the digital experience, the brand, the -- a lot of experiential things that are way beyond the product are part of the whole package. And what we have said -- this is why we've been saying for years now that winning at the top of the market is not an in and out thing. It is a matter of choosing as a few players have done, Capital One being one of them that, that's where we're going, and we're going to continue to lean into that. And I have been struck by the sustainable success that we have been generating. And also the marketplace, while very intense hasn't tipped over to being unreasonable or irrational. So it's very competitive, but I continue to really like our opportunity in that space.
Moshe Orenbuch: And maybe just as a follow-up. The yield for the last four quarters in your card business has been pretty flat both the yield on the loans up a little bit this quarter, I guess, with the rate increases that you talked about. But what is it really going to take to get that to be a higher number? Is it -- are you going to see more revolving from some of your high-end consumers? Is it -- what is it going to -- to get that -- the level of revenue growth and profitability enhanced?
Andrew Young: Hey Moshe, it's Andrew. And I think if you put the card yield in the context of a longer term history, looking a year ago, it's up 100 basis points. And that's really been a shift to a higher mix of assets in our branded book, which is both growth of existing customers and the success we're seeing in the originations that Rich talked about. And as we sit here today and looking over the last few quarters, we're also seeing a modest uptick in fees from the very low levels last year and so driven by the delinquencies that have ticked up very gradually year-over-year. But I think having a yield at these levels is something that has sustained. But to your point of how can we drive it up, I think we're seeing an impact from rate changes that's been a bit of a tailwind on the yield side. But clearly, that comes with a funding cost that ultimately will probably leave margin much closer to flat.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks very much.
Danielle Dietz: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arren Cyganovich of Citi.
Arren Cyganovich: Sorry I was on mute. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow-up on that last point. You're talking about the benefits of some of these super prime spenders. And I guess one of the aspects that's, I guess, less challenging or less beneficial is that you're not really revolving or they don't tend to evolve nearly as much because that spend velocity is so high, and they pay down each month. As you think about that customer base growing over time, would that just have a natural kind of downward pressure on your Domestic Card yield?
Andrew Young: Well, Arren, it depends a bit on the degree to which they're revolving versus just pure transacting. But if they're transacting, they're bringing quite a bit of interchange and relatively low outstandings over time. So, that very well could prove to be a net positive and not create the downward pressure that you just described. And not to mention the fact that in doing so, it creates less of a capital need. And so it ends up being over time at least a pretty capital-efficient business, which is one of the reasons why we've been on this decade-long journey to build that franchise.
Arren Cyganovich: Okay, got it. And then just on the deposit side, you had a modest decline kind of seasonal, I'm assuming that had to do with taxes. You haven't really, to your benefit, I guess, not been a leader in terms of pricing on the online side. Are you seeing kind of quarter-to-date an increase in deposits or do you expect that to be a little bit slower growth as we see the rate hikes increase?
Andrew Young: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on what we see so far this quarter. But let's take a step back and think about the industry context and then talk a little bit about our strategy there. As you look at the industry, you brought up, at least in retail, the tax outflow phenomenon that happened in the second quarter, and we certainly felt a little bit of that. But where industry deposit balances go from here, first thing is at least history, whether it repeats itself, would indicate that the rate of deposit growth drops in rising rate environment. And in this particular cycle, the Fed fund rates, as I mentioned to Sanjay's question, are both larger and faster than previous ones, and the Fed shrinking its balance sheet. So who knows? I guess this is good as yours, but I think we could see a scenario where industry-wide deposits are flattish to down in the near-term. And so what we choose to do there is really trying to optimize our balance sheet across a number of different dynamics of liquidity and funding and tenor and pricing. And so we feel like we're in a great position to compete in that industry backdrop with simple straightforward competitive products that have a great user experience. But where our deposits ultimately go from here in the context of that industry will be a function of our deposit needs and competitive dynamics.
Richard Fairbank: Arren, let me just add that this is -- I want to underscore the strategy that Capital One has had for years now, which is, we are building a national bank through, not by just acquiring branches on every corner across the United States, nor by just having a national digital bank, but really building a, in a sense, full-service digital bank that can provide almost everything that you can get in a local branch to provide it nationally -- excuse me, digitally. And that is part of our strategy to build primary banking relationships that are digital-first and digitally originated. And it's all part of a larger strategy to build a consumer banking franchise that is not about just the highest rate paid, but really about high-quality products, a great customer experience and a full-service set of capabilities where people can -- banking relationship and then also have savings deposits there. And one of the -- one of my comments that I made about our marketing levels, which, everybody notices, are high is, one thing we've continued to invest in over time is, Capital One as a company that doesn't have branches on every corner. We've got branches on some corners, but a greater proportion of our expenditures are on the marketing side, are on the brand building side and, to some extent, on the tech side as well. But it is very much in service of building a franchise of -- a brand and a franchise that enables us to dynamically grow our deposits at very appropriate blended pricing and build long-term loyal banking relationships. And we're very pleased with the success we've had in that, but we continue invest very much in that.
Danielle Dietz: Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on to Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good evening.
Richard Fairbank: Good evening, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Andrew, just wanted to double-click on the comments that you're making around the high transaction -- high transactors having lower capital intensity, and that's a function of them just being higher credit quality, shorter duration on the book? Is that basically what it's about, or is there something more there?
Andrew Young: No. It's really just the loss content of that book, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Yes. Okay. And then when you were going through the deck on the capital slide, I think you mentioned 11% is your CET1 target. And so, given that there is such demand for spend and borrow right now, should we take your comments to mean that it's unlikely that you'll be doing buybacks in the near future while this high loan growth period is upon us?
Andrew Young: Well, just to repeat a little bit, Betsy, of what I shared in my prepared remarks there's just a number of factors to consider, just our forecasted level of capital and earnings and growth, but we need to put those things in the context with a particular eye to the error bars around those estimates. And so what I was mostly trying to highlight is if you look back a year ago, we were at 14.5% CET1, that's down to 12 1 this quarter. And so we're getting much closer to that 11% level. And at a time when there are a number of uncertainties given the economic environment and the growth opportunities, those error bars just start to matter more. And so we slowed down a bit in the second quarter. But as always is the case, managing capital both conservatively and efficiently is top of mind for us. And so looking ahead, we're just going to dynamically adjust our pace in the context of those evolving factors.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you.
Danielle Dietz: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dominick Gabriele of Oppenheimer.
Dominick Gabriele: Thanks so much for taking my question. I was wondering if you could provide us with a breakdown of your -- and remind us of your Domestic Card spending by retail category as a percent of total spend within Domestic Card, so grocery or T&E or gas, whatever you could provide would be excellent. I would just think that as you're targeting the higher spenders, it's probably had an effect on that mix over the last 10 years as that's changed. Any color you could provide would be great. Thanks.
Danielle Dietz: Rich, you need to unmute, please.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry. Sorry. Yes. Sorry. I have in front of me -- I don't think it's the exact thing you're asking, but I have in front of me some growth rates, in fact, finishing growth since -- versus 2019 of a bunch of categories that I find pretty fascinating, but this is not -- this isn't our own mix, but these things in fact mix things, I guess, but gas 90%. Now by the way, this is â this includes growth by Capital One overall. There's been significant growth of our whole business. So -- but just some relative comparisons. Travel, 26%, although travel is second to gas, if I look at year-over-year gross, only gas as a category has grown more. So gas is up 54% year-over-year. The travel is up 42% year-over-year, and those are swamping most of the other categories there. But travel was way the laggard during the downturn, and it's been -- like I said, other than â than energy, it has been the one that is really catching up quickly. So what's striking is just how much these things vary across categories as the consumer reacts to the COVID or energy costs. And also, it'll be interesting to see how much the consumer migrates to whether -- to -- between discretionary and nondiscretionary categories. We'll keep a close eye on that one as things get a little tighter in the marketplace.
Dominick Gabriele: Great. And then maybe just as a follow-up. Given â just to take some of the conversation one step further around deposits and funding, given the amount of card growth that you're seeing and building out this franchise, but the slowing deposit growth, is it reasonable to assume that as a management team, you would really look to focus on growing this business first, regardless of perhaps the funding cost, trade-off between deposits and non-deposit funding because really, you're just gaining more customers within your card franchise and you would make that trade? Thanks so much.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So first, pulling up, it's not lost on us that our assets are growing rapidly. Right now, all banks are growing more slowly in deposits. So, we -- I think that â I mean this is a natural thing that happens at this part of the cycle. And so, this is why I made my earlier comments about being very pleased that we have already been leaning into having a deposit franchise and being in a position to build primary banking relationships, to grow savings accounts, to have a brand as a company that will have attractive savings rates, but not to have to go generate all our business off of the bank rate tables kind of marketplace.  So â but with respect to the economics, Dominick, I think the card margins are such that -- it's hard to imagine that we wouldn't continue to make the trade that even if we have to pay more for deposits, we would not turn down the growth opportunity. So long as the deposits are available and they're there, it's going to be a good trade to continue growing that card business as far out as we can see because of the particularly robust economics that come with our card franchise.  But just to finish off that point. I'm sorry. But we also like being in a position as a national bank with a national brand for digital banking that we're in a position to gather the deposits we need in order to fund the kind of growth opportunity that we have at a time when it's going to get harder to grow deposits at this part of the cycle.
Danielle Dietz: Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on this conference call today, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer your questions, if you have any, and have a great evening.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, everybody. Good night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Keith. And welcome everybody to Capital One’s first quarter 2022 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2022 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any other forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on those factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now, I will turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I will start on slide three of tonight’s presentation. In the first quarter Capital One earned $2.4 billion or $5.62 per diluted common share. The results include one notable item, $192 million gain from the sale of two Card partnership loan portfolios in the quarter. Period end loans held for investment grew 1% on a linked-quarter basis and average loans grew 3%. Revenue in the linked-quarter increased 1%. Non-interest expense decreased 3% in the quarter, driven by declines in both marketing and operating expenses. Provision expense in the quarter was $677 million, as net charge-offs of $767 million were partially offset by an allowance release. Turning to slide four, I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. For the total company we released $119 million of allowance in the first quarter and the total allowance balance now stands at $11.3 billion. We continue to hold an elevated amount of qualitative factors to account for a number of uncertainties. Our total company coverage ratio is now 4%. Turning to slide five, I will discuss the allowance and coverage of each of our segments. As you can see in the graph, our allowance coverage ratio was largely flat across each of our business segments. In our Total Card segment, the allowance balance declined $65 million, driven by our international Card businesses. In our Domestic Card business, the allowance balance remained flat at $8 billion. With the slight decline in ending loans, the flat allowance balance in Domestic Card resulted in a slight increase in the coverage ratio to 7.38%. In our Consumer Banking segment, the allowance balance declined by $16 million, which when coupled with loan growth resulted in a 10 basis point decline in coverage to 2.37%. And in Commercial, the $41 million decline in allowance balance was driven by portfolio credit improvement. The decline in coverage ratio was driven by both the allowance release, as well as growth. Turning to page six, I will now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the first quarter was 140%. The LCR remained stable and continues to be well above the 100% regulatory requirement. The investment portfolio ended the quarter at $89 billion, declining by about $6 billion on a linked-quarter basis. Rising rates drove a market value decline of $4.3 billion, with the remaining decline due to our continued efforts to reduce our investment portfolio from the elevated levels during the pandemic. Turning to page seven, I will cover our net interest margin. Our first quarter net interest margin was 6.49%, 50 basis points higher than the year ago quarter and 11 basis points lower than Q4. Relative to a year ago, the increase in NIM is largely driven by a balance sheet shift, as we deployed excess cash to loans. The linked-quarter decrease in NIM was driven by having two fewer days in the first quarter. Normalizing for day count effect, higher yields in both our Card business and in our investment portfolio were roughly offset by the impact of hedges on the balance sheet and lower auto yields. Outside of quarterly day count, the NIM from here will largely be a function of the changes in our balance sheet mix, interest rates and the impacts of competition on loan yields and deposit betas. Turning to slide eight, I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.7% at the end of the first quarter, down 40 basis points from the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was more than offset by share repurchases, the impact of the CECL transition and higher risk weighted assets. Recall that the phasing of CECL transition relief began on January 1st. We recognize 25% of our $2.4 billion total after-tax phasing amount in the first quarter. Also in the quarter, we repurchased $2.4 billion of common stock as part of the $5 billion share authorization that our Board approved in January. Earlier this month, in addition to approving our CCAR 2022 submission and our capital plan, our Board of Directors also approved the authorization of up to an additional $5 billion of common stock repurchases that will be available beginning in the third quarter of this year. We continue to estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. I will begin on slide 10 with our Credit Card business. Year-over-year growth in purchase volume and loans coupled with strong revenue margin drove an increase in revenue compared to the first quarter of 2021. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which are shown on slide 11. Our Domestic Card business posted strong year-over-year growth in every topline metric in the first quarter, as we continued our longstanding strategic focus on winning with heavy spenders and building a franchise across the business. Purchase volume for the first quarter was up 26% year-over-year and up 47% compared to the first quarter of 2019. The rebound in loan growth accelerated with ending loan balances up $16.9 billion or about 19% year-over-year. Ending loans were down just 1% from the sequential quarter, better than the typical seasonal decline of around 7% and revenue was up 20% year-over-year, driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans, as well as strong revenue margin. Domestic Card revenue margin for the first quarter was 18.3%. Revenue margin continued to benefit from spend velocity, which is the purchase volume and net interchange growth outpacing loan growth. Spend velocity is driven by the traction we are getting with heavy spenders. The margin also includes a gain from a Card partnership portfolio sale in the quarter. Credit results remain strikingly strong. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 2.12%, a 42 basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.32%, 8 basis points above the prior year. Gradual credit normalization continued in the first quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 63 basis points and the delinquency rate was up 10 basis points. Non-interest expense was up 33% from the first quarter of 2021, driven by an increase in marketing. Total company marketing expense was $918 million in the quarter. Our choices in Domestic Card marketing are the biggest, but of course, not the only driver of total company marketing trends. We continue to see opportunities to book Domestic Card accounts and loans that can generate resilient and attractive returns and we continued to lean into marketing to drive growth and build our Domestic Card franchise. Consumer balance sheets and labor markets are strong, and in our own portfolio, credit results continued to be well below pre-pandemic levels and they are normalizing gradually. We are keeping a close eye on competitor actions and potential marketplace risks. And as always, we are underwriting to worsening scenarios, even as we lean into marketing. Our Domestic Card marketing is evolving and increasing as our decade long focus on heavy spenders continues to gain traction. We increased marketing to grow the heavy spender franchise and drive the successful launch of Venture X. Growth in new accounts and robust customer spending drove an increase in early spend bonuses, which show up in our marketing expense and part of our marketing is focused on strengthening our heavy spender franchise with investments in our new travel portal and airport lounges. And looking across the whole company, our digital transformation is generating new business opportunities like Capital One Shopping in our Card business and Auto Navigator in our Auto business. And modern technology infrastructure and capabilities are driving our digital first National Direct Banking strategy in Consumer Banking. We are marketing to continue to propel these growing digital businesses. Our marketing is paying-off across these opportunities. We posted very strong growth in Domestic Card purchase volume, new accounts and loans. We are gaining share and building a long-term franchise with heavy spenders. And away from the Card business, we are growing auto originations and deepening dealer relationships with Auto Navigator and our National Direct Banking business is winning with customers and driving growth. Speaking of our Auto and Retail Banking businesses, let’s move to slide 12, which shows that strong loan growth in our Consumer Banking business continued in the first quarter. Driven by auto, first quarter ending loans increased 14% year-over-year in the Consumer Banking business. Average loans also grew 14%. First quarter auto originations were up 33% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, auto originations were up 20%. Our digital capabilities and deep dealer relationship strategy continued to drive year-over-year growth in our Auto business. We continue to closely monitor competitive and credit dynamics in the auto marketplace. First quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up $4.4 billion or 2% year-over-year. Average deposits were also up 2% year-over-year. Consumer Banking revenue grew 2% from the prior year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans, partially offset by declining auto loan yields and the early effects of our decision to completely eliminate overdraft fees. The year-over-year decrease in auto loan yields was driven by a mix shift toward prime loans and our focus on booking higher quality loans within credit segment. Across the auto lending industry, the pace of price increases has not kept up with the pace of rising interest rates. The decline in loan yields coupled with the pace of pricing changes has compressed margins in our Auto business. First quarter provision for credit losses swung from a net benefit of $126 million in the first quarter of 2021 to a net expense of $130 million. The allowance for credit losses in our Auto business was flat in the quarter compared to an allowance release in the year ago quarter. The auto charge-off rate and delinquency rate are gradually normalizing, and remain strong and well below pre-pandemic levels. The charge-off rate for the first quarter was 0.66%, up 19 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate was 3.85%, up 73 basis points year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 8 basis points and the 30-plus delinquency rate was down 47 basis points. Slide 13 shows first quarter results for our Commercial Banking business, which delivered strong growth in loans, deposits and revenue in the quarter. First quarter ending loan balances were up 17% year-over-year, driven by growth in selected industry specialties and increasing utilization. Average loans were up 15%. Ending deposits grew 9% from the first year, excuse me, from the first quarter of 2021, as middle market and government customers continued to hold elevated levels of liquidity. Quarterly average deposits increased 12% year-over-year. First quarter revenue was up 16% from the prior year quarter. Non-interest expense was also up 16%. Commercial Credit performance remains strong. In the first quarter, the Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was 6 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate was 5.7% and the criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.8%. In closing, we continued to drive strong growth in Domestic Card revenue, purchase volume and loans in the first quarter. We also posted strong Auto and Commercial growth. Credit is gradually normalizing and remains strikingly strong across our businesses and we continue to return capital to our shareholders. Pulling way up, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the accelerating digital revolution in banking. Our modern technology stack is powering our performance and our growth opportunity and it’s the engine of enduring value creation over the long-term. And now, we will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. Let’s start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any questions following the Q&A, Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  We will take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. So, obviously, the investor sentiment has turned quite cautious on the consumer, but it seems like, Rich you think credits doing, I mean clearly credit is doing quite well in your loan book and you guys are leaning into growth. Maybe you could just give us some perspective on some of the macro headwinds that the consumer is facing, and sort of how you see it progressing through the portfolio as the year progresses? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Hey, Sanjay. Yeah. So let’s just talk about the health of the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer continues to be strong. While the savings rate has reverted back to pre-pandemic levels, the cumulative impact of savings over the last two years is still a significant positive. We see this in higher bank account balances and higher household net worth and it is true across the income spectrum. Now, of course, the bulk of government stimulus is now behind us and most industry forbearance programs are winding down. But I think we will see some sustained benefits from consumer deleveraging through the pandemic. Debt servicing burdens are lower than they have been in decades, supported both by deleveraging and by low interest rates. On the other side of the consumer balance sheet, labor market demand remained strong. So in our own portfolio, Sanjay, we see continuing strength in roll rates, cure rates and recovery rates, and even as we see signs of normalization, our credit metrics remain strikingly strong by any historical standard. There are emerging headwinds as well, for example, high price inflation. The inflation has the potential to erode the excess savings, consumers accumulated through the pandemic, especially of price increases continue to run ahead of wage growth and also higher interest rates would push debt servicing burdens back up. But if we pull up on the whole, I’d say consumers are in good shape coming out of the pandemic relative to most historical benchmarks. In fact, the -- I am just learned over the years that, I have got a lot of confidence in how -- what consumers learn from downturns and scares that they have and the choices that they make and I think we are just seeing very rational behavior by consumers. I worry more about markets and how competitors operate and lending practices and things like that, we can save that for another question. But we still feel good about the consumer and look it is a natural thing, it would be an unnatural thing for credit to stay where it is. And so, normalization, the root word in normalization is nor, and there is quite a journey to really sort of an equilibrium place for credit performance. And one of the reasons that we are still leaning pretty hard into our growth opportunities is our confidence in the consumer and our read of the marketplace at this time.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. Great. And a follow-up question on some of the regulatory scrutiny we are seeing. There has been some chatter on Card loan fees and overdraft fees, the latter of which I think you guys have gotten in front of. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about the Card loan fees -- the Card fees, chatter out there from some of the regulators and how it might affect your business? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Well, Sanjay, we as a company have been very focused on minimizing fees, just in general for our consumers. Obviously the overdraft announcement was a pretty dramatic case in point there. But even in the Card business, when you look, we really what Capital One has is an APR and a late fee and in some cases a cash advance fee, both of those fees are really to discourage certain behaviors that we don’t think are in the interest of the consumer. So, yes, so our strategy has been to have pricing be upfront and have -- it be clear and very simple. Now late fees or something that we have continued to have late fees, because we wouldn’t want our loved ones ending up paying late on their bill, so just late fee, I think is one of the natural fees that probably makes sense to have on a product. The fed is created a Safe Harbor with respect to late fees, maybe the industry well, that will be revisited and obviously we will watch that as we continue our business.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rick Shane: Thanks for taking my question. Can we just talk a little bit more about the partnership portfolio sale, how to think about that from an asset perspective in the impact on the P&L in terms of revenue and any associated decline in expenses associated with that sale?
Andrew Young: Yeah. Rick, it’s Andrew. I mean, we disclosed the overall gains between the two portfolios of $192 million. The two portfolios combined, you saw probably last year when they got marked held for sale were roughly $4 billion, but below the surface there we are not going to get into specifically the run rate of revenue or the expenses associated with that in part, because we are growing the rest of the portfolio and you are going to see partnership businesses come in and out over time.
Rick Shane: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good afternoon. Rich and Andrew, you have unique insight into consumers at both ends of the credit spectrum. Could you parse out for us in a little bit more detail, just following up on Sanjay’s question? Specifically at what kinds of credit normalization trends you are seeing at both the high end and the low end of the credit spectrum, if you could sort of juxtapose those for us and maybe call out any differences? And then, perhaps, any possibility of that inflationary pressures could lead to a bit faster normalization at any -- at the lower end?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Hey, Bill. So we have for quite a long time saying, we should all expect normalization. In terms of what we see in normalization, I -- it’s pretty early and pretty modest, in fact, if anything I guess, we would -- we are sort of struck by the how moderate the pace is, but we shouldn’t necessarily count on that, but it is certainly striking so far. What we are seeing in normalization is really across the credit spectrum and across the income spectrum. It does seem that normalization is a bit more pronounced at the lower end of the market, if you sort of measure either in terms of income or credit score. But those are also populations that improved more and more quickly earlier in the pandemic. So that’s -- so I think we are seeing and we would expect this is and across the Boards kind of return toward normal over time. With respect to inflation, we worry a lot about inflation and that is something that, especially if inflation, as we have seen in, what it costs to live is faster than wage inflation. These can put pressures and sometimes can put pressures more on the -- in the Main Street America. And so it’s something that we worry quite a bit about and I think that, it would be very natural for these inflation pressures to put more pressure on consumers.
Bill Carcache: Thank you, Richard. It’s really helpful. If I may ask a related follow-up, maybe could you discuss the extent to which positive credit migration fueled by pandemic stimulus, that perhaps may have led you to increase line sizes and then now the extent to which we could sort of see a reversal in that and perhaps as credit normalizes, would you expect negative credit migration to ultimately lead to a reversal of those line sizes or is that not how it worked?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Over the years, we have worked hard to originate accounts, and we have said, it’s kind of a coiled spring of growth opportunity and we uncoil the spring gradually based on customer performance and also the marketplace. And so we have as part of the growth that you see, while it’s being powered by very strong originations and in some return to spending in Card usage by the back book, we also have been selectively increasing credit lines. Nothing dramatic, but it’s consistent with my earlier comments about the consumer, and again, with great demonstration by the performance of our customers, we have been selectively increasing credit lines and I think I don’t see anything that would change our lean in that direction. Again, it’s selective and it assumes a worsening environment, it assumes normalization in all of those things. So I don’t think we would be setup to be surprised there and I don’t see -- I don’t have any conversations about trying to reverse that direction.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good evening. On the -- regarding the credit on the reserve front, I know you had released an incremental $190 million and you indicated that you do have additional qualitative reserves aside. I know your reserve ratio right now was a near your day one CECL level. How should we think about the potential for incremental reserve releases from here? Do you think that we stabilize at this level of the reserve ratio or do you think there is incremental room to release?
Andrew Young: Well, John, when you quote the -- this is Andrew, by the way. When you quote the reserve level, keep in mind that there pretty significantly different reserve levels by asset class and so the total company level, of course, is influenced by that mix. So I would suggest we decompose it a bit by each of them since auto was a little bit below where it was on CECL day one and that’s largely a function of the elevated used car prices, our mix in prime. So we are seeing loss rates that are much below, I think, 66 basis points was the number this quarter. And so all else equal, you would expect that our coverage ratio there would be well below, what it was at adoption and yet, it’s only a little bit below and that’s for the qualitative factors there. But the largest factor to the total company reserve will clearly be Card. And that’s one where I think it’s always helpful to just start with a reminder of how that allowance is constructed, because answering your question is really dependent on a number of assumptions, where quite frankly your guess could be as good as mine. And so with Card, the first thing that goes into the allowance is just the expectation of future losses and recoveries and you can see within our delinquency bucket in the near-term, but beyond that, we assume that there is a relatively swift normalization of losses from those unusually strong levels, historically strong. The second is the size of the balance sheet, which he saw this quarter is growing at a quite healthy pace when you normalize quarter-over-quarter for seasonal effects and certainly up 19%, I think the number is in Q1 for Card relative to a year ago. And then the third input is that level of qualitative factors and that’s really just to account for a variety of risks related to inflation and various things that are impacting that and just uncertainty in the more macro economy. And so the future allowance is really going to be determined by how all of those effects net out. The one thing that I will just remind you is, what we call the quarter swap effect and that is as credit begins to normalize, we will be replacing a currently low loss quarter with a slightly higher loss quarter, so that’s another thing that will create pressure, all else equal. But if favorable credit trends continue and the factors driving those qualitative reserve subside, we could see the allowance be down to flat. But if normalization plays out and we are growing at a significant clip, I wouldn’t anticipate that we will see allowance release, in fact, I can see allowance build. So it’s really just a function of all of those factors. Sorry for the long-winded technical answer there, but I just think all of those factors are really important for you to understand, because the range of outcome on the allowance is quite large.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, Andrew. Thank you. And then my follow-up question is just around consumer spend behavior and volumes. On behavior, are you seeing any shifts in spending on discretionary towards -- shifting towards non-discretionary? And then, secondly, are you -- on the volume side, do you forecast a slowdown in Card spend volume overall as the fed hikes and aims at slowing the economy? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, John. I have not -- look, recently a discretionary versus non-discretionary, so I don’t want to speculate on that. I will tell you a thing that is -- certainly striking is what’s happening with T&E spend these days. Just by way of comparison T&E spend was up 90%, compared to the first quarter of 2021. Of course, that was a very depressed quarter. But up around 20% from first quarter 2019 level. So there is a lot of -- I think would people sort of just bursting out and wanting to free themselves from some of what they have been through in the pandemic, we certainly see strength there. But I think your question about, as really inflation hits and we see just a lot of downstream effects that can happen from that, that certainly could impact Card spend. But I would say a lot of the traction that we have in Card spend is coming from our -- are really spender focused business, and frankly, heavy spender focused business and I think that, I am not sure that a change in inflation is going to have necessarily that much impact on the propensity of the heavy spenders to spend.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan Nash: Hey. Good evening, everyone.
Andrew Young: Hey, Ryan.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Hey, Rich, Andrew. So maybe just to start off, Rich, you referenced the competitive landscape out there in Card and Auto, a few times, I think you said larger upfront bonuses and you are closely watching some of the competitive dynamics. Can you maybe just talk about, what you are seeing out there and I think it’s historically it’s been unusual for you to be grown this fast when the rest of the market is also growing? So I am just wondering, can you maybe just talk about on the Card side, what you are seeing banks versus non-banks and anything you are seeing on the Auto side would be helpful at this point?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Ryan, I do have a smile at your comment, because often we have zagged while -- zig while others zag and we have -- you and I in fact have chatted about that and the reason sometimes behind it. Because it’s not just an accident that sometimes has been our pattern, because part of what we are reading is the competitive marketplace and that has impact on the opportunity and on credit performance and selection dynamics and a lot of things. So your question is a great one, but I think a lot of companies out there to see the strength of the consumer. They are sort of feeling the consumer, sort of roaring back with respect to more normal activities. And I think people are leaning into to take advantage of that and certainly we are. But we -- let me talk a little bit just about the competition in the Card business. We certainly know that there is elevated marketing. All the companies are pretty much coming out and showing more marketing, talking about more marketing, so that is happening and we have a careful eye to see what that does to the opportunity that we are experiencing. But I will kind of come back to our opportunity there, but certainly marketing levels are elevated. Competition in the rewards space is probably a notch more intense than pre-pandemic levels, but it’s pretty stable in recent quarters and not what I would call irrational. Certainly incredibly good players at the top of the market and there is a lot of competition there, but that hasn’t really altered our view of the opportunity, either APRs generally been stable. Turning to the fintechs for a second, obviously we have seen a lot of, buy now pay later activity. I think that we should note that the fintechs who are in the lending business have been lending in the greatest rearview mirror of credit -- industry credit performance that you could ever imagine. And businesses like instalment lending based businesses sometimes are pretty sensitive in that environment. So I -- but we continue to see quite a bit of activity on fintechs as well. But on the Card side, before I turn to Auto, all -- we have an eye on the competition, I think generally the competition while intense is not unreasonable, we have not seen the big changes in people’s underwriting policy, the kinds of things that -- we haven’t seen dramatic changes in pricing. So I think it’s more, I would label it at the intense level that we would expect that a time like this, but not unreasonable and not something that would cause us to move off our pretty strong lean into the growth opportunity. So in the Auto business, let me just talk a little bit about this. The competition in the Auto business continues to remain intense. It’s showing up across the Board from credit unions, big banks and small independent lenders, and it’s playing out across all Credit segments. And you just kind of double-click into that for a second, credit unions that have been wash with deposits, they have been gaining significant share, consistent with what we have observed during prior cycles and especially as interest rates go up a little bit. And let’s talk in fact about rising interest rates. I think it’s almost always the case in business that when in a sense a cost of goods sold rises, there typically is a lag and how that makes it way into consumer pricing. What we have -- as I mentioned in the earlier comments, we have not seen the marketplace, the auto marketplace yet respond in terms of pricing relative to what’s actually happening to interest rates, so there is a some compression there. I think typically what we have seen in the past is competitors respond with differing speeds to interest rate increases. So sometimes players like credit unions tend to and maybe they have different FTP methodologies or whatever it tend to be sort of the slowest to respond, but we -- so we will have to keep an eye on that. But I think that, we are really excited about our opportunity in the Auto business. The technology products that we have out there are really cutting edge and getting a huge amount of traction. Our -- I is just very careful on the pricing out there and also just whether there is an over exuberance relative to the number of planets that are aligned in the auto lending business, particularly what sort of happened to used car values and is -- and in fact that still there, just keep an eye on whether that industry can remain as rational as it’s been in the last couple of years.
Ryan Nash: Maybe as a quick follow-up, sticking with things that are unusual, Andrew, you guys are continuing to aggressively return capital. I think you have two different $5 billion asset  out there, which again is unusual for you guys. I was wondering, can you maybe just talk a little bit about the timing of the utilization of those and how to think about use of capital as you are getting closer to the 11% CET1 target? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Yeah. I recall that in January, we did not have an active program at the time, so our Board authorized $5 billion and capital levels were even higher than they are today at that point. And so earlier this month in conjunction with the approval of the capital plan in our CCAR submission they authorized an additional $5 billion, which coincides with the capital plan and therefore would be available at the start of the third quarter. But in terms of the pace of that activity, it feels a little bit different than it did when we were at 14.5% over a year ago. To your point like asymptotically we are sort of heading towards 11% and so the pace of repurchases is as always is going to be dependent on our primary use of capital for loan growth and then the dividends. But beyond that, we are going to keep a really close eye on just the level of capital and earnings and growth and end market dynamics and take advantage of the fact that we are able to operate under the SCB framework and maintain that flexibility. So nothing specific in terms of the timeline there, but just wanted to be clear about the approvals when we announced it a few weeks ago.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good evening.
Andrew Young: Hi, Betsy.
Richard Fairbank: Hi. Good evening, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I guess, just switching gears a little bit. I wanted to ask a little bit about what you are seeing with regard to payment rates and is there any differentiation amongst the customer base as to how that’s been projecting?
Richard Fairbank: So, Betsy, we continue to see elevated payment rates across our customer base and while lately it’s been sort of flattening out if you will, I mean, payment rates are just well above pre-pandemic levels. And while not a perfect proxy, you can see these trends in our trust metrics where the payment rate in March remained close to 50%. One of the more recent drivers of higher repayment rates is really the flip side of amazingly strong credit and healthy consumer balance sheets and we certainly expect consumer credit to gradually normalize, maybe you know it’s kind of been happening a little slower than one might otherwise expect. And I certainly believe payment rates will remain sort of the flip side of really strong credit. So over time, the normalization of credit plausibly leads to some normalization of higher payment -- of normal, excuse me, a payment rate. I think there is another phenomenon happening sort of on little cat feet, behind our payment rate numbers and that is that each year we are gaining more and more traction with heavy spenders. Also you may remember for years we talked about, gosh, this goes all the way back to the Great Recession, Capital One’s systematic avoidance of high balance revolvers, which leaves a lot of revenue and earnings on the table during the good times, but is a move for the sake of resilience. But I think this sort of systematic effects of avoiding high balance revolvers and the systematic effects of more and more traction with heavy spenders also has created somewhat of a sort of more sustainable change in our payment rate as well. But, certainly, probably, the biggest factor of the moment is the rate at which consumers are being so creditworthy and putting so much of their money into payments.
Betsy Graseck: Got it. And then just as a follow-up on the marketing piece, I know we spoke about a little bit earlier in the call. But as we are thinking through the opportunities that we have, do you feel like there is an opportunity to lean into marketing kind of Q-by-Q-by-Q to a greater degree. So we should build half off of 1Q, such that our marketing is higher year-on-year, full year and that’s what I am getting from the conversation earlier, but I just want to make sure it’s the right takeaway?
Richard Fairbank: Well, yeah, let me just -- why don’t I do this, Betsy, let me just pull up and sort of talk about marketing overall and then we can kind of come back to the quarter that we just had. There are few things driving our marketing levels higher these days. First of all, the opportunities that we see. We are seeing attractive growth opportunities across our businesses and we are leaning hard into them while the opportunities are there. In our Card business, we have continued to expand our products and the marketing channels that we are originating in and these opportunities are significantly enhanced by our technology transformation, which is enabled us to leverage more data, access more channels, leverage machine learning models and enable customized solutions. So we are seeing significant traction in originations across our business. And I want to note that, so much of our Card business overall and our growth is in our Branded Card franchise, as opposed to co-brand and private label partnerships. And by the way we also like those businesses, but for Capital One that’s a relatively smaller proportion of our business. And in Branded Card, we enjoy the full economics of the business and we own the customer franchise. So while the industry doesn’t track data on this, I think, our share growth in Branded Card s is particularly noteworthy. And Branded Card is, of course, as the word implies, it’s about our brand and we continue to invest in the company’s brand and in the flagship products. And some of the strength that you see in our revenue margin comes from having so much Branded Card, where we own all the economics. But the flip side of that is that, the marketing and the brand building are entirely on us and that all shows up in our marketing numbers. But that’s an absolute centerpiece of building a highly valuable franchise. Now second important driver of our growing marketing spend is the continued traction we are getting in our more than decade long journey, to drive more and more our market with a focus on the heavy spenders. So we launched our venture Card way back in 2010 and that was the beginning of that strategic push for heavy spenders. But it hasn’t just been about flagship Card s, it’s been about working backwards from what it takes to win with heavy spenders and that’s about great products with heavy reward content, it’s about great servicing, it’s about customer experiences tailored for heavy spender lifestyles, and of course, an exceptional digital experience. So for years we have been on this journey and every year we have had growing traction and while our whole franchise of spenders has grown nicely, we have grown even faster with heavier spenders. And with each year of success we have had the license to stretch a little higher up market and we are continuing to invest to make that possible. And lately, you have seen our launch of our travel portal which has garnered some rave reviews in the marketplace. You have seen the launch of airport lounges, which have a special appeal to the top of the market and the frequent travelers. And last fall, we launched Venture X, which moved us into the next tier of premium Card s. And that launch has been very successful and we continue to invest in the growth of that product. You can see some of the results from our continued quest for heavy spenders in the tremendous purchase volume growth that we have had. Over any time period you pick over the last decade or shorter time periods, you will find Capital One with -- posting really high in your top of the league tables, if not at the top of the league tables purchase volume growth. And also note that almost all of the heavy spender growth is in our Branded Card s and that’s why you can see such strength in spend velocity and our revenue margin. This journey for the heavy spender has a different economic mix than some of our traditional Card business. It has higher upfront cost, brand building, higher upfront costs of marketing and promotions, and of course, investment in high end experiences. But long-term value of the heavy spender franchise is tremendous with high spend levels, strong margins, very low losses, low attrition and a lift to our brand and really the rest of our franchise. So the spender franchise is already making its mark on many line items of our financial performance and that’s a continuing long-term benefit of these investments. I just want to mention the third factor contributing to the higher marketing, if some of the traction that we are getting with our new digital offerings, including Auto Navigator, Capital One Shopping and our National Bank. And just to comment on the National Bank, which unlike Capital One, unlike other banks who are driving growth through bank acquisitions, we are focused on continuing to build our bank organically, which of course, does take marketing investment. So that was just, take me a chance to share with you what is behind the pretty high levels of marketing that you are seeing and the great opportunities that we see for our franchise and to grow it. Now, due in part to the current marketplace environment and importantly capitalizing on our strategic quest, those quest being our building of the modern tech stack and the continued move up market. This has -- these things are contributing to driving higher marketing levels these days. So that is -- that sort of a pulling out sort of a narrative on why it is that we are leaning hard into marketing and it’s a combination of sort of the opportunity at the moment, as well as capitalizing on the journey that’s been many years in the making. Typically, we have a seasonal dip in marketing levels this year. An important contributor to our marketing was things related to that, for example, the launch of venture Card s, early spend bonuses and things like that. So things are not -- it’s not quite as strong and a seasonal effect this year as it has been in other years. We are not specifically giving a guidance on the rest of the year, but I just wanted to share with you, why it is that we are leaning in the marketing, what’s driving that and I am -- as you can probably tell from the answer, I am really enthused about our opportunities and we are though leaning into take advantage of them and a lot of that is about marketing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Rich, just wondering, what would it take to see both kind of -- you talked about some of the potential pressures particularly for the lower end consumer in terms of inflation and other sorts of things. What would it take to actually start to see you pulled back both at the lower end consumer and for the higher spenders, like what sort of -- what will be the warning signs?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So, Moshe, with respect to the lower end consumers, it’s less about, let’s imagine we don’t have to do very much imagining to envision environments that are more difficult than this one, where the consumers in a more challenged place where the competitors are -- have gone a whole notch more aggressive. And what I think is more our pattern in that case is to particularly use the credit line lever to manage the risk as opposed to just a big dial back say in origination machines. So we just more cautious online, try to continue to build the franchise, maybe not as aggressively as sometimes. But, again, we have over our 30 years, Moshe, in building sort of Main Street franchise, really do a lot of the regulating and things on the loan side . On heavy spenders we continued to find so much traction and what I have often said about the quest for heavy spenders, unlike a lot of things that I have seen in our business journey, this is not a thing that is very well suited to a blitz here a pullback of blitz and a pull back. Now, that doesn’t mean we wouldn’t be dialing the knobs up and down, on certain things like marketing or choices or product or whatever. But this is and I think there is a reason that not very many players are really, really successful at the top of the market. This is about really building a franchise at that end of the market. That’s not just taking regular consumer products and addressing them up with more rewards or the fancy advertising and the -- that’s why, I mentioned, this journey that were like in the 12th year of the journey where we declared we are going to just keep moving up market. One can’t do it overnight. It’s something you have to earn along the way. But all of our metrics continue to show traction and success, traction on brand metrics as well, and pretty much all the customer metrics, you have seen what’s happening on purchase volumes, the -- when we track, the things that we have booked over the years we sort of love the annuities we are booking. So that to me is something that we are going to keep pursuing as we have for a long time. But what we will -- the things that we will throttle along the way are certain marketing choices, certain product choices, but that one, that I partly shared -- I want to share this a little bit more about this today that that’s a journey that Capital One has been on as part of our central part of our strategy in Card for a lot of years.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks, Rich. And as -- maybe as a follow up, could you talk a little bit about where you see the industry and Capital One in terms of the deposit price competition is now starting to see a deposit betas as we are now starting to see interest rates moving up?
Andrew Young: Sure. Moshe, it’s Andrew. And recognizing that retail deposits are 85% of our portfolio, I will focus on that and over the last gosh six-ish years we had the falling rate cycle over the last couple where betas were right around 50% and then the last rising cycle, which was from the late 2015, I think, to early 2019, our cumulative beta was right around 40% and so betas are generally slow to rise over the first couple of hikes. But keep in mind is that last rising rate cycle we had eight hikes over 3.5 years, I believe it was, whereas in this cycle we could see four hikes that each equal 25 basis points and get up to 250 or 275 is forward suggest quite quickly. So I could make a case that industry betas will be higher or lower than that history. On the lower side there is elevated deposit balances across the industry, that loan-to-deposit ratios are quite low, industry NIMs are low and we are moving off a zero floor. But the flip side is the larger and quicker rate hikes, the possibility of some more aggressive pricing by institutions that are more reliant, on those funds to deposits to fund loan growth and institutional surge deposit run-off. So just want to give you a flavor of -- I think there is a lot that we are going to learn over the course of the next few months. But as we look at all and have a point estimate, that kind of run through all of our assumptions and our point estimate at this point is that, going to largely be in line with that rising, the last rising cycle of something like 40 basis points that starts-off a little slower and picks-up. But again they start-off slower might be a particularly condensed timeframe relative to what we saw in that last cycle.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Don Fandetti: Quick question on the outlook for the adjusted efficiency ratio from Q1 levels, and then, Rich, on Commercial Card issuing, can you talk about that business and I know it’s -- you have been marketing I know in that small business Card, which has been sort of tough for banks to rollout?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Don, thank you. We have been focused on improving our operating efficiency ratio for years. And the pandemic also accelerated technology race and raised the stakes for all players across many industries and certainly in banking. And I think for every player the clock is ticking on their tech readiness and companies are waking up to the investment imperative. And we have talked about the investment flowing into fintechs is breathtaking and the arms race for tech talent is fierce is that I have seen in any time in my career and in any job family. So there is an urgency in responding to the marketplace. But I do want to also say that the fast-moving marketplace is also the creator of our opportunity and I think Capital One is uniquely positioned to take advantage of that opportunity and that’s why we are investing now. So really this is very similar message to what I said last quarter. What I have been saying for a long time, we are still very focused on the opportunity to drive operate -- operating efficiency improvement over the longer term. The engine that powers it is revenue growth and digital productivity gains. But the timing of efficiency improvement needs to incorporate the imperatives of the current marketplace. So, but delivering positive operating leverage over time continues to be an incredibly important north star to us and frankly one of the most important payoffs of our technology journey and an important element of how we deliver long-term value. So I think you have sort of seen -- you can see some of the effects of what I am talking about in the first quarter operating efficiency and when you adjust for gains from portfolio sales in the quarter. So I think it’s very similar conversation to what I was saying last time, we can see some of the evidence of that in the quarterly numbers, but the current pressure doesn’t change at all, our belief in the longer term opportunity to drive operating efficiency improvement.
Andrew Young: Don, what was your question on Commercial?
Don Fandetti: Yeah.
Richard Fairbank: Oh! Sorry. Sorry.
Don Fandetti: My question was…
Richard Fairbank: You wanted to...
Don Fandetti: …Rich, your outlook on commercial, I know, as you rollout of node limit small business Card, which has been tougher banks to do. I didn’t know if maybe you are using the public cloud, just wanted to see your thoughts on that?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So when you are talking about, yeah, Commercial you are talking about here in our business Card -- business Credit Card. You may have seen the ads on TV that talk about no preset spending limit that’s more complicated way to just say in a sense, not a credit limit that gets hard wired. This is something that is you know, dynamically there isn’t a credit line per say this is dynamic transaction underwriting in real time. It’s a very hard thing to build. It’s taken us years to get there and it’s absolutely a -- one of the many, many benefits of the tech transformation we have done and the journey to the cloud in the building of modern applications in modern platforms. And so, I have always said to -- investors will often ask where can I see, where is the -- I want to reach out and touch the benefit of your tech transformation and all the money we have spent on that. And I have said, look, there is not going to be any one thing, that you point out and say, oh, my gosh, that’s I now see everything. This is about this journey -- is a journey that when we -- when years ago when we kind of said, some day we would like to do this thing over here, some day we would like to do that. We would also like to have much better efficiency, we would like to better risk management, we would like to do lots of things and a striking thing was, all the things that we wanted to do, usually in life, they are -- you have to pick some and it’s all about trade-offs. What I am struck by in this journey is a shared path to all the things that years ago we set out to do and that path relates to building modern technology across the company and from the bottom of the tech stack up and that is what we have done. And then over time, you as investors will see manifestations of that. See while that Auto Navigator product Capital One built that can underwrite every car in America and for any consumer in a fraction of the second that’s striking and then one sees, well also -- you actually have a no preset spending limit that’s striking. And we didn’t do the journey for the sake of any one of those, but I think on an increasing basis, investors will see examples of things that are -- that stand on the shoulders of the years of investment we have made in technology. And things that also by themselves like this Card thing we are talking about is itself, within that journey that took a bunch of years. But it’s all about working backwards from wins with customers and that’s why we are doing that.
Don Fandetti: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our final question this evening will come from John Hecht with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Hecht: Thanks very much guys for fitting in my question. Rich, you talked a lot about credit in the strength of your customer base. Aside from that, that we are seeing you, call it, some of the more modern or emerging platforms, we are observing some delinquency drift there. And in fact, we are even seeing some reactions in the capital markets, some securitization deals are getting canceled or renegotiated as they go. I am wondering what do you ascribe that to and are there any reverberating effects from that type of development or migration into your business over time?
Richard Fairbank: So, John, as I often say with the smile, Capital One was one of the original fintechs. We are a fintech -- before fintechs were word. But if you think about what we did is, we built a lending company, we started with Cards that we ultimately building a broad based financial institution. One thing that enabled that journey to happen is the advent of the capital markets and we were able to ride the very mediocre growth Capital One in the ‘90s based on securitizations and things and so we were very grateful for that. But at the same time we then did, probably one of the most things that I think most shocked our investors, I guess, it shocked because you spent a lot of years talking about it before we did it, but striking thing when we chose to transform our company to a traditional bank balance sheet, because we want to create much greater resilience in our funding. So the reason I mentioned that is, as we were in the old days and as fintechs that are built on securitization, have an opportunity to grow quickly. But they also have a just an inherent structural challenge with resilience. So, for all of them, they need to and their investors need to keep a careful eye on that. I want to talk just a little bit about, you mentioned, some of the lending results and some of the uptick. So first of all, we shouldn’t be surprised to see upticks and delinquencies just for companies in general, whether they are banks or some of the fintechs. Typically, companies that have a less of a history of consumer credit data are probably more challenged with respect to how to read this rearview mirror. I mean, for example, let’s just say, that you created a fintech in the last couple of years, how would one look in the rear view mirror and determine where resilience is and where it isn’t, since in general pretty much everybody did well. So that’s one of the challenge any new company has is building deepen of credit history to do that. So I’d say that’s just a challenge they bring to the table, it’s not their fault. There is nothing. It’s just -- it’s a structural thing. The other thing that always happens with normalization, as normalization tends to happen faster on front books than back books and so part of what you may be seeing on fintechs is, if their high growth fintechs, just the proportion that their front book represents as a percentage of the whole is quite different and it would be surprising if they didn’t normalize faster, given that typically front books normalize faster than back books. And a lot of us have seasoned back books with years of experience with them and that’s also very helpful in normalization journey. So as one that was an original fintech, I have great fascination with the fintechs, lot of respect for a lot of things they are doing. But also know that, there is some structural things that they are going to have to confront that they and their investors will have to keep an eye on.
John Hecht: Perfect. Appreciate the color there.
Jeff Norris: Well, thank you for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember Investor Relations team will be here after the call to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. . I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Justin, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website, capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2021 results.  With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew are going to walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the fourth quarter, Capital One earned $2.4 billion or $5.41 per diluted common share. For the full year, Capital One earned $12.4 billion or $26.94 per share. On an adjusted basis, full year earnings per share were $27.11. Full year ROTCE was 28.4%.  Included in the results for the fourth quarter was an upgrade to a legacy rewards program, which increased our rewards liability and decreased noninterest income by $92 million. Both period end and average loans held for investment grew 6% on a linked-quarter basis. Ending loans grew 10% in Domestic Card, 7% in Commercial and 1% in Consumer Banking. Revenue in the linked quarter increased 4% driven by the loan growth I just described, while total noninterest expense increased 12% in the quarter driven by increases in both operating and marketing expenses. Provision expense in the quarter was $381 million as net charge-offs of $527 million were partially offset by a modest allowance relief .  Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. For the total company, we released $145 million of allowance in the fourth quarter, bringing the total allowance balance to $11.4 billion. The total company coverage ratio now stands at 4.12%.  Turning to Slide 5. I'll discuss the allowance of each of our segments in greater detail. As you can see in the graph, our allowance coverage ratio declined in each of our segments. In Domestic Card, the allowance balance remained flat at $8 billion. The decline in card coverage was driven by the impact of balance growth that I highlighted earlier. In our Consumer Banking segment, continued strength in auto auction values drove a decline in both the allowance balance and the coverage ratio. And in Commercial, the decline in allowance balance was driven by modest credit improvement in the existing portfolio. In addition to the allowance decline, the coverage ratio was also aided by growth in lower loss segments.  Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the fourth quarter was 139%. The LCR remained stable and continues to be well above the 100% regulatory requirement. We continue to gradually run off excess liquidity built during the pandemic. Relative to the prior quarter, ending cash and equivalents were down about $5 billion and investment securities were down about $3 billion as we used our liquidity to fund loan growth and share buybacks.  Turning to Page 7, I'll cover our net interest margin. You can see that our fourth quarter net interest margin was 6.6%, 25 basis points higher than Q3 and 55 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The linked quarter increase in NIM was largely driven by balance sheet mix as we had a reduction in cash and securities as well as a higher amount of card loans. Outside of quarterly day count effects, the NIM from here will largely be a function of the change in card balances, cash and securities levels and interest rates.  Turning to Slide 8. I will end by discussing our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 13.1% at the end of the fourth quarter, down 70 basis points from the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was more than offset by share repurchases and growth in risk-weighted assets. We continue to estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%. In the fourth quarter, we repurchased $2.6 billion of common stock, which completed our $7.5 billion Board authorization. Our Board of Directors has approved an additional repurchase authorization of up to $5 billion of the company's common stock.  With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and good evening, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our Credit Card business. Accelerating year-over-year growth in purchase volume and loans, coupled with strong revenue margin, drove an increase in revenue compared to the fourth quarter of 2020. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11.  As you can see on Slide 11, our Domestic Card business posted strong growth in every top line metric in the fourth quarter. Purchase volume for the fourth quarter was up 29% year-over-year and up 30% compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. The rebound in loan growth accelerated with ending loan balances up $10.2 billion or about 10% year-over-year. Ending loans also grew 10% from the sequential quarter, ahead of typical seasonal growth of around 4%. Ending loan growth was the result of the strong growth in purchase volume as well as the traction we're getting with new account origination and line increases, partially offset by continued high payment rates, and revenue was up 15% year-over-year driven by the growth in purchase volume and loans.  Domestic Card revenue margin increased 123 basis points year-over-year to 18.1%. Two factors drove most of the increase. Revenue margin benefited from spend velocity, which is purchase volume and net interchange growth outpacing loan growth, and favorable year-over-year credit performance enabled us to recognize a higher proportion of finance charges and fees in fourth quarter revenue. Credit results remain strikingly strong. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.49%, a 120 basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.22%, 20 basis points better than the prior year. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate was up 13 basis points and the delinquency rate was up 29 basis points.  Noninterest expense was up 24% from the fourth quarter of 2020. The biggest driver of noninterest expense was an increase in marketing. Total company marketing expense was $999 million in the quarter. Our choices in Domestic Card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing trends. We continue to see attractive opportunities to grow our Domestic Card business and our growth opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation. We continue to lean into marketing to drive growth and build our Domestic Card franchise. At the same time, we're keeping a watchful eye on the competitive environment, which is intensifying. Pulling up, our Domestic Card business continues to deliver significant value as we invest to grow and build our franchise.  Moving to Slide 12. Strong loan growth in our Consumer Banking business continued in the fourth quarter. Driven by auto, fourth quarter ending loans increased 13% year-over-year in the Consumer Banking business. Average loans also grew 13%. Fourth quarter auto originations were up 32% year-over-year. Our digital capabilities and deep dealer relationship strategy continued to drive year-over-year growth in our auto business. In the fourth quarter, we saw a pickup in competitive intensity in the marketplace. On a linked quarter basis, auto originations were down 16%.  Fourth quarter ending deposits in the Consumer Bank were up $6.6 billion or 3% year-over-year. Average deposits were up 2% year-over-year. Consumer Banking revenue grew 7% from the prior year quarter driven by growth in auto loans, partially offset by declining auto loan yields. Noninterest expense increased 15% year-over-year. Fourth quarter provision for credit losses improved by $58 million year-over-year driven by an allowance release in our auto business. The auto charge-off rate and delinquency rate remain strong and well below pre-pandemic levels. On a linked quarter basis, the charge-off rate for the fourth quarter was 0.58%, up 40 basis points. And the 30-plus delinquency rate was 4.32%, up 67 basis points.  Slide 13 shows fourth quarter results for our Commercial Banking business, which delivered strong growth in loans, deposits and revenue in the quarter. Fourth quarter ending loan balances were up 12% year-over-year driven by growth in selected industry specialties. Average loans were up 8%. Ending deposits grew 13% from the fourth quarter of 2020 as middle market and government customers continue to hold elevated levels of liquidity. Quarterly average deposits also increased 14% year-over-year. Fourth quarter revenue was up 19% from the prior year quarter with 29% growth in noninterest income. Noninterest expense was up 17%.  Commercial credit performance remains strong. In the fourth quarter, the Commercial Banking annualized charge-off rate was a negative 2 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate was 6.1%, and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 0.8%. Our Commercial Banking business is delivering solid performance as we continue to build our Commercial capability.  I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results and our strategic positioning. Growth momentum is evident throughout our fourth quarter results. In the quarter, we drove strong growth in Domestic Card revenue, purchase volume and loans. We also posted strong auto and Commercial growth. Credit remains strikingly strong across our business and we continue to return capital to our shareholders. As we enter 2022, we continue to see attractive opportunities to grow our businesses and build our franchise. We will continue to lean into marketing to capitalize on these opportunities and drive growth.  For years, we've talked about how sweeping digital change and modern technology are changing the game in banking. Last quarter, I noted that the stakes are rising faster than ever before. The investment flowing into fintech is breathtaking and it's growing. Also, many legacy companies are embracing the realization that technology capabilities may be an existential issue for them and are increasing technology investments. The war for tech talent continues to escalate, which is driving up tech labor costs even before any headcount increase.  All these developments underscore the significant opportunity for players who have modern technology and who are in a position to drive growth. Capital One is very well positioned to do that. We've spent years driving our technology transformation from the bottom of the tech stack up. We were an original fintech, and we have built modern technology, infrastructure and capabilities at scale. And we're investing to leverage these capabilities to grow and to realize the many benefits of our digital transformation.  We have been on a long journey to drive our operating efficiency ratio down. We expect that the striking rise in the cost of modern tech talent, on top of our growth investment, will pressure annual operating efficiency in the near term. But these pressures do not change our belief in the longer-term opportunity to drive operating efficiency improvement powered by revenue growth and digital productivity gains.  Pulling way up, we're living through an extraordinary time of digital change. Our modern technology stack is powering our performance and our growth opportunity. It's setting us up to capitalize on the accelerating digital revolution in banking. And it's the engine that drives enduring value creation over the long term.  And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. . Justin, please start the Q&A.
Operator: . And our first question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Rich, I want to kind of circle back to the efficiency ratio comment that you highlighted. I guess if I look at the fourth quarter, it's tough to know how to think about that level of expenses kind of going forward. It's not generally your practice to give specific guidance, but it would really be helpful because in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, it's not just an efficiency ratio that deteriorated, it's actual -- PPNR was down because even though revenues were quite strong, the increase in expenses was more than that in dollars. So is there -- can you talk about are there any gating factors in terms of when you think about expense levels kind of into 2022?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, there are a number of different factors going on in the fourth quarter, and maybe Andrew can comment specifically about the fourth quarter. But my point about the efficiency is really -- and some of the factors that were -- that I'm talking about in the efficiency ratio certainly manifested themselves in the fourth quarter. But our real point is that we're on a journey to improve operating efficiency. We've been leaning into this, and we're very optimistic about not only what we've done but what we can continue to do. And we're just flagging the tech talent costs and the continued investment in the opportunity. And that opportunity continues to be toward the top of the tech stack, which translates more into growth opportunities probably than some years ago when our investment began at the bottom of the tech stack. These investments are very important. And our point is that collectively, these things will pressure annual efficiency ratio in the near term, but it's really the same journey and the same drivers of opportunity and efficiency.  Andrew, I don't know if you want to make any comments about the fourth quarter specifically.
Andrew Young: Sure. Yes. Moshe, you're well aware that we seasonally typically have higher expenses in the quarter, largely driven by the marginal cost of growth. Beyond that normal seasonal pattern, there were a few things that are reflected in this fourth quarter, the first of which is we saw some revenue driven and other incentive compensation. We also chose to make some of the investments, that Rich just described, in the professional services side to help accelerate some of the technology and other project work that Rich is referencing that will drive future growth. And so those couple of factors, some of which will continue as we head into next year. And we're seeing a little bit of the leading edge of the wage pressures so I would expect that to accelerate a bit, but some of the marked-related items in incentive compensation, some of the project work, will likely fall off.
Moshe Orenbuch: Right. And maybe just as a follow-up, just to talk specifically about marketing, it was just about $1 billion in the quarter. December was the industry's largest month of mail volume in a decade. So you're not alone in that, although the level is fairly high. Maybe if you could just talk a little bit about how long do you see that -- and I do know that marketing was also typically high for you in the fourth quarter, but it was particularly low in the first half of 2021. How do we think about it as we go into 2022?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, it's clear that competition is intense. And you can see from the one you pointed out, direct mail is back at pretty high levels. You can see media advertising increasing throughout 2021. Of course, earnings calls from card players have indicated an expectation of increasing competition. And also in the rewards space, you can see competition is pretty intense there. So we have a very careful eye on that. I would say, though, that even as we have a very careful eye on that, I am struck by how the consumer is in a very good place right now. I think there's some natural growth capacity there. And I'm really struck by the traction that we're getting at Capital One. We continue to see some really good origination opportunities really across our businesses, and we like very much the results that we're seeing.  And the other thing about the competitive intensity at this point is more in upfront investments, such as marketing and upfront bonuses. And at this point, we're not seeing, in the competitive environment, sort of the sacrifices in margin and resilience. I'm talking particularly in the card business there. So we have experience through competitive cycles, and we know what to look for. But we are really pleased by the results, really struck by our opportunity to capitalize on them. And that's why we're leaning in. And that's also why we're flagging, of course, that we have our eyes on the very important issue that you mentioned relative to competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Rich, I wanted to get a sense from you on the opportunity set that you have in front of you with regard to the loan growth. And I'm asking the question because I get investor questions on, hey, is this revenue -- is this loan growth rate we're seeing right now reflecting peak levels the cycle that we could get. So I would rather hear from you as to what do you think about the loan growth acceleration that you got in the fourth quarter. Was it being driven by in terms of new accounts versus increased line utilizations, increased offers? And what's the legs on this as we go into the next year?
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, great questions there. So we feel very good about our growth and our growth opportunities that we're seeing right now. Let me start with purchase volume. Obviously, our 29% purchase volume growth was really significant. And we've seen a lot of purchase volume growth across the industry. Of course, that's not just a Capital One effect. But with Capital One, specifically, we are seeing a lot of traction in our various spender programs. We're optimistic about that trajectory.  And the loans, I've been talking for quite a while about the poor loans are sort of losing out in the growth rates to purchase volume and some of the other things that card issuers don't really disclose like originations of accounts, the building of the franchise. And that, of course, was driven by another kind of elephant in the room, which has been the high payment rate. And so I think for a lot of players, the payment rates have really muted the loan growth. That includes Capital One. But I think what's striking, what you see, Betsy, here is that we saw still very high payment rates, and you can look in our trust to see some of the electrifying levels there.  But still, even despite that, some very nice traction in the quarter on loan growth. So what's driving that? In many ways, this stands on the shoulders of a number of years of leaning hard into origination growth and having the balances build over time. Also on credit line increases, we are leaning into those as well, not like a big dramatic thing, but I think in this environment and seeing the results we're seeing, we are leaning more into the credit line opportunity as well. So loan growth is still going to be a hard one to predict and very affected by the payment rate. Parenthetically, we love high payment rates because I think it's a very healthy customer base, an indication of a healthy consumer and we love what it does for the credit side. But I think that we see the opportunity for loan growth, in addition to the other growth metrics, as good.
Jeff Norris: Do you have a follow-up, Betsy?
Betsy Graseck: Can you hear me?
Jeff Norris: Yes.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, we can.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Sorry about that, just pivoting to Capital. I saw the Board authorization for $5 billion. Can you give us a sense as to the time frame that that's over and if there was a view on what drove that decision to do $5 billion as opposed to any other number?
Andrew Young: Betty, it's Andrew. I'll take that. So we take into account a number of factors to drive these programs. So as always is the case, our pace for this repurchase authorization as well as the pace and amount of future authorizations are driven by a number of factors, including our actual and forecasted levels of capital and earnings and growth as well as market capacity to repurchase shares. And it also needs to consider the results from each unique CCAR cycle, which effectively happens at the midpoint of each year. So we take all of those factors into account to figure out the amount and the pacing of that. And so we will dynamically manage that given that we are now under SCB, and we have a great deal more flexibility to execute than we have previously.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard Shane: Rich, when we think of the factors that are contributing to the high payment rate, we're all aware of a lot of the economic factors. One thing that we've started to wonder about is, is there some sort of 80-20 rule on transactions? Are large idiosyncratic transactions getting scraped off by some of the alternative products? And is that changing the composition of the book anyway in terms of payment rates?
Richard Fairbank: Our large transaction is getting scraped off by some of the alternative players out there. It's not a thesis that I have explored. I think that any question people are asking about: are there kind of on little cat feet, effects going on from the fintechs, the huge investment in them and their own investment in our very business, I think they are great things to look for. One thing I would say about payment rates, though, is how broadly across the spectrum of our card business that we have seen payment rates increase over this period of time. It's really not seen to exist or be dominated by a particular segment, let's say, the top of the market or whatever. It's been really pretty broad-based.  We also ourselves have had another growth story going on beneath our growth story, which is the continuing gains and growth in the heavy spender side of the business. And so what we see is -- maybe your effect is going on, but what we see, if anything, is particularly good growth rates over time in the heavy spender side of the business, which I think is more a manifestation of our investments in the kind of products that we've been marketing for a number of years and our investment in the comprehensive experience to really win in that part of the market.
Operator: And our next question will come from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Rich, I wanted to follow up on your payment comments. Are you at all concerned about the normalization of credit outpacing the normalization of payment rates? Or would you expect those metrics to normalize together?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think 2 things are kind of driving elevated payment rates right now. And it's really a funny thing. I've been in this business for, as you know, like 3 decades, and payment rates are just not something in general that people always talk about. We would always watch them. Some years ago, even before the pandemic, we started noticing some elevation in payment rates, but we probably more attributed that to the gradual mix change towards spenders in our own portfolio. But if we talk about the 2 main drivers of elevated payment rates, first is payment rates tend to correlate with spend levels. And for obvious reasons, when people are spending more, they're not going to be spending for very long unless they're also paying to keep their open to buy there. So I think that pattern is sort of almost, in a way, sort of just spend and payment math. And given how strong spending has been that, that is an important factor, I think, behind the payment rates.  And then there's the continued impact of healthy consumer balance sheets. And it's unmistakable the effect that, while there are many factors going on, just watching what happened across various segments of our business as things like government stimulus came in and what happened to payment rates, it's pretty clear that consumers, when their balance sheets improved, really used a bunch of those resources to pay down on their credit card and build more open to buy. And we have gone back and really studied the relationship between payment rates and credit for the whole history of our company, and the relationship is unmistakable. Bill, to your point, though, it's not like one-for-one. And I think that we could certainly expect there could be some divergences there.  On the topic of normalization, when we think about the normalization of payment rates, my mind first goes to the normalization of credit. And I think these record levels of low credit losses inevitably have to normalize. And I think when you pull out a magnifying glass and sort of look at various metrics and things in the numbers and behind the numbers, you can see the early signs of normalization that are a little bit ahead of seasonality, for example, that's a very natural thing. Probably what strikes us and kind of surprises us is how modest and moderate those are, but we certainly operate with an assumption of normalization. So I would expect the payment rates to follow, not exactly in lockstep, but I think that, that should follow. And so what happens for investors is a little bit of a trade. At the moment, the financial trade is lower payment rates, lower growth of loans and really spectacular credit. And as things normalize, I think that gives a boost to the loan growth but sort of is offset on the credit side of the house.  So the other thing that's going on at Capital One because if you look at our trust data -- now by the way, our trust, and it's probably true for every player, the securitization trust is not an absolutely representative sample of anybody's full portfolio. But if you look at payment rates at Capital One, probably, even in particular, have just risen so significantly over this period of time. And I haven't looked at it lately, but it wouldn't surprise me if it even rose sort of more than for a number of other competitors. And I think that also reflects another Capital One specific thing that's going on, which is the continued traction of the spending side of the business at Capital One which, of course, manifests itself year-after-year being kind of at the high end of the league tables in terms of purchase volume growth.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful, Rich. If I could squeeze in a related follow-up. Maybe could you expand on that a little bit and discuss your confidence level in the normalization of payment rates and maybe what some of the puts and takes are to the extent that the normalization occurs a bit faster or slower?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I, again, think of payment rates, I just go back to the 2 drivers. So one is the strong correlation with spend levels. So one needs really an outlook for what's going to happen to purchase volume in our business and in card businesses. Purchase volume has an incredible strength to it right now, a manifestation of the consumer. Some of it, by the way, is catching up for big pullbacks, of course, during the pandemic. But there's real strength there. If that strength continues, and that's pretty plausible, that would tend to have an upward boost on the payment rate. And then you get to the consumer credit side of the business. And I just believe reverse gravity has got to pull these numbers up. And we all have to understand that, that normalization, the word normal is a really important part of that. It would be extremely normal. It would be expected. We are certainly managing the business to expect that. But as that happens, count me is betting that, that driver of payment rates is going to pull the payment rates down.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: So Rich, in your prepared remarks, you noted that all these investments that you're making in tech and tech talent will pressure the efficiency ratio. But I guess, just given a follow-up on some of the questions from earlier, the revenue backdrop is clearly much better, 10% exit run rate loan growth. And I was wondering, can you maybe just talk about -- you actually used the phrase pressure. I'm wondering, are you actually expecting the efficiency ratio to increase? And if you are, maybe can you just give us some parameters on how long do you expect this to last? How much of an increase can we see over an intermediate time frame? And maybe what are some of the things that you and the team are doing to offset some of these pressures?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Ryan. So we're not giving really explicit operating efficiency ratio guidance. There's so many factors that go into that, and you know them well. What we wanted to point out is we always want to share with investors the things that we see going on in our company to make sure that they understand this. And the first one, this tech cost, I'm struck a lot of companies, most companies are kind of waiving at labor costs. And I think tech labor costs are an elephant in the room, and every tech company I've talked to is this is an absolute elephant in their room. And I think when you stand back and think about it, that's because every company in the world pretty much these days and we really need to drive tech change and opportunities as fast as we can. How long that supply and demand imbalance is going to last, we'll have to see.  It is the biggest imbalance I've seen in my 3 decades of building and running this company in a labor market. And it may be that this is more of a headwind right now for Capital One in our numbers than for some of the banks or just others. And I want to savor that for a second. One of the big things we've done in our tech transformation is bring in-house engineering talent at scale. And a lot of companies do a lot of outsourcing of that. So we have built a very big engineering team and the related families there. And we've built a brand, and we're a destination for really top tech talent. And that's a wonderful thing, and it really helps us on the recruiting side. But I just wanted to flag that one because how long that imbalance last, I don't know, but it's something that to me is very, very clear.  The other point is on the investment side. And I really want to say it, it's not like we're just going along, doing our tech transformation and looking at the market and say, "Oh my gosh, we have to just massively invest in ways like we weren't before." That's not really what I'm saying. What I'm saying is that we are continuing to move up the tech stack in terms of where our investments are. And that's a wonderful thing because the closer you get to the consumer and the top of the tech stack, the more of those opportunities directly can be capitalized in the marketplace. So that's a good thing.  And we've been investing for a long time. My point is that we are still really leaning into this opportunity because the opportunity, the time frames, the imperative is real. And already, what's driving a lot of the growth that you're seeing is the benefits of those things, and it's what will drive a lot of the future growth as a company. So back to your question, while we're not giving explicit efficiency ratio guidance, the use of the word pressure is to explain those 2 phenomena that are going on that I wanted to share with investors that are real, and that pressures the efficiency ratio. Exactly what number come out in the end depends in the end on a lot of things and revenue growth and things. But I just wanted to share that. And I made the same comment in the call the quarter before.
Ryan Nash: As a follow-up to Moshe's question on marketing, I understand the thought that you're leaning in and we're obviously seeing really, really good traction on the growth side. But if I think about the competitive intensity, we've heard Amex saying that marketing is going to come down a little. Discovery's growing. JPMorgan is accelerating. And I think all of us are just looking for some parameters to maybe understand where you are in the stage of investment. And maybe can you just help us understand. Are we at run rate levels in the back half of the year? Do you see another step-up? And just any color that you could provide on how you're thinking about the pace of marketing spend, I think, would be helpful.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Ryan, it is striking the comments that everyone is making about this and probably a little bewildering for investors to understand where equilibrium is these days. You know our philosophy, Ryan. You and I have known each other for a long time. We don't really start the year by saying, this is precisely the marketing -- I mean we always make a budget, but we don't start the year and say, "Well, this is what everybody has in marketing dollars, no matter what." Sometimes we contract what we put in there. Sometimes we expand it. But it's very focused on what's the nature of the opportunity. We also have a strong belief that there are windows of opportunity for growth. And you capitalize on those when you get them or those windows pass. And so that doesn't also lend itself to the kind of let's go and just allocate the same marketing budget every quarter to different parts of our business or anything like that.  So what we do at Capital One is when we see opportunities, we really lean into them. I can't, in advance, tell you quite how far we lean into them because we really look at what's the productivity at the margin for what we are investing. And we look at marketing efficiency on average. We look at it at the margin. We look at it in all of our programs. And of course, also, we look at our brand investments and the other things that we're doing to lift the votes. My message to you here is really 2 points. One, this is a lean-in time and we're going to continue to do that to the extent that the opportunity is there. And you can see the fourth quarter was a pretty high level of lean-in, so that would be an example of that.  My other point is we are, as closely as you, watching the competition and the choices they're making. And higher levels of competition themselves can manifest in different ways. It can affect the ability to generate response. It can affect pricing. The worst thing is when it starts making its way into underwriting practices and starts affecting the credit side of the business. But right now, if I pull way up on the marketplace, we've got a strong consumer where kind of everybody is sort of roaring out of the sort of pandemic, not society necessarily when I'm talking about many of the metrics here. And the marketplace is still generating this opportunity resiliently, and we are leaning into that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani.
Sanjay Sakhrani: So maybe just to ask Ryan's question a little bit differently. I mean shouldn't we expect revenue growth to be above average given these accelerated investments you're making? Maybe you could just give us a sense of what kind of revenue growth you're targeting and what some of the specific products might be that you're rolling out that are sort of unique and separate yourselves from the peers. I'm just thinking about buy now, pay later. Like where are we with the product rollout?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So we're not giving specific revenue guidance. We are commenting and pleased with the momentum that we have, particularly momentum you saw that picked up in the fourth quarter, and we certainly hope to keep our momentum going there. So I think on the purchase volume side, there's a lot of thrust. We're very pleased with the account originations that we have been able to generate from the enhanced marketing that we're doing and the loan growth, which is a very important part of the revenue growth. That one is always kind of the hardest one to sort of predict because of its linkage to the payment rate. But we do see a good trajectory there. We're not giving specific guidance, but we like what we see there.  In terms of what is driving the growth, I don't think -- you'll occasionally see Capital One on TV with a new product or whatever. We are always coming up with new products, so is competition, by the way. Our surge in growth is not the result of some new product there that's suddenly driving this. This is the result of many things coming together, working particularly well right now. I think a lot of it is really driven by opportunities and capabilities and expansion and experiences for the customer that stand on the shoulders of our tech transformation. So we're hopeful we can continue to drive some strong growth. We're not giving guidance on that. And the biggest, I think, question will be what happens to payment rates and what that does to loan growth.
Sanjay Sakhrani: And maybe just another follow-up on expenses. I'm sorry I'm asking the same questions everyone else is. Rich, you seem to think that the work for sort of inflationary pressure is transitory. Is that the only risk in terms of getting back to sort of that 42% operating efficiency ratio? So if that sort of passes at some point, you guys can get back there? Or is there something else too?
Richard Fairbank: So we are still driving toward the same destination for operating efficiency improvement. But the timing, that needs to incorporate the imperatives of the current marketplace and particularly the one we flagged here more recently, the striking rise in the cost of modern tech talent. The investment imperatives of the marketplace and the rising cost of tech talent will pressure our operating efficiency ratio in the near term, as we have discussed. But modern technology capabilities are the engine that drives revenue growth and digital productivity gains, and the investments we're making today are the drivers of the efficiency improvements that we expect to continue to get over time. So we're not in a position to declare the timing of operating efficiency destinations. It's the same journey, the same engine powering it. There are some pressures we shared with you in the nearer term, but it's the same journey. And delivering positive operating leverage over time continues to be one of the important payoffs of our technology journey and a key element of delivering long-term shareholder value.
Operator: And our next question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Donald Fandetti: I'll shift gears a little bit, but I do also agree it would be helpful to have some kind of sizing around the expenses just given the environment. You have a really good story to tell outside of that. I guess on auto lending, are you signaling that you might moderate a little bit of growth there? And the Auto Navigator product, which I think is really benefiting from the public cloud, are you getting penetration on that? And can you size that?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Don, the auto business has really been growing strongly. And for starters, that's, very importantly, an industry point. A lot of factors have aligned to create a lot of demand, a lot of demand for used cars, high used cars, car valuations. And it's certainly been, for us and really for the industry, a bit of one of our strongest periods in history. But if we look beneath that because, obviously, all those things normalize over time, we continue to leverage our leading technology, our data and underwriting capabilities to identify market opportunities that we think have attractive and resilient risk-adjusted returns. And by the way, a very important part of that is keeping an eye on the very, very high used car prices and as we underwrite, assuming a significant decline in those. So we don't count on something that's not going to be long term sustainable. Whether the industry fully does that, we'll have to see.  Our technology journey, and you mentioned the Auto Navigator product, that's a manifestation of a lot of the technology we've built in the auto business. It really helped us not only deepen our relationship with consumers but also with dealers because Auto Navigator is a winning product for dealers as well as it is for consumers because it's bringing in consumers who've already done a lot of the work to prequalify themselves, and it's the highest quality lead like a dealer can have. So we're not giving out data on the success of Auto Navigator, but we believe that it is a powerful product.  And I've often said to investors, "Hey, if you want to look at an example and go kind of see the differentiation that Capital One has created in a tech-based, information-based, machine learning-based product, the Auto Navigator and the real-time underwriting of any car on any lot in America in less than a second is a manifestation of that." And that is getting traction. But I do want to say that there are a lot of changes going on in the auto industry, a number of competitors working hard to reinvent how car buying works. And I think for Capital One and a lot of players who are on the frontier of some of those changes, I think there is opportunity for us. And I think some of the success in auto is exactly a manifestation of that.  Let me say one other thing, though, with respect to growth in the auto business. I've always said that the auto business is even more sensitive to competition than the Credit Card business is because of the role that a dealer plays between the consumer and the lender in holding an auction. And so the dealers understandably really tend to drive their business toward the lender who is the most flexible on pricing and terms. And we have seen some of those metrics move in the last quarter. And I think a very robust auto market, it's a natural thing to expect that competition might overheat and pricing and practices could be affected along the way. So I don't want to overstate my point. It's a caution that I put out there, but we are still leaning into our opportunity. But the bit of the volume decline in the fourth quarter, I think, was a competitive effect of the very thing we're talking about.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: I guess I'm interested in maybe talking through the mechanics of your net interest margin. Obviously, I want to hear your thoughts on what maybe each rate hike might do to the margin. But beyond that then, there's a lot of other moving factors, like you're going to get some suppression of yield with the evolution of NPAs, you're going to get some late fees to offset that and so on and so forth. So maybe can you give us a sense of what to expect as all those factors come to play in the next few months?
Andrew Young: Sure, John. It's Andrew. And maybe I'll expand the horizon beyond the next few months because it will take a while for some of the factors that you just described to play out, but why don't I start with the rate side of the equation that you brought up. Our current balance sheet is asset sensitive. So as rates move up, it will clearly be a tailwind to NII. At this point while it's moved a fair amount over the last few months, including, I think, about a 10 basis point retraction over the last week in the 10-year, so it's a volatile number, but the market is currently, last time I checked at least, expecting around 4 hikes in '22. And so that equates to an average Fed fund rates that's about 50 basis points higher for the full year. And you can get a directional indication of the impact of that.  In our Q3 disclosures, I think we showed that relative to forwards, the 50 basis point shock impacts the next 12 months of NII by 1.9%, I believe, is the number. So that's just roughly under $500 million. So that's the dollar effective rates. If you translate the dollar effects into NIM, to the other side of your question, the 3 big factors that are ultimately going to impact NIM are the 3 things that I highlighted in my talking points. And that is just the quantum of card balances. Even though some of the factors you described will potentially impact card margin, it's much more about the card balances to the overall company NIM. The other is cash and securities, which you saw we had an investment portfolio at $100 billion at its peak, it was probably something like $15 billion higher than what is a more normal level and cash levels that were also really high. So you could see cash and securities coming down, which all else equal benefit NIM. And then finally, the rate effect that I just described.  So really, those are the 3 things that we're primarily looking at and will ultimately have the biggest effect on NIM on a run rate basis. In terms of the next few months, the only thing that I know for sure is there's 2 fewer days in the first quarter. So that's roughly a 15 basis point headwind to NIM, all else equal, but the other effects are really what's going to drive the NIM over the longer term.
John Hecht: That's great. I really appreciate that detail. I guess an unrelated follow-up is it seems like you guys have put out a lot of products over the past several quarters that may be targeting some of the fintechs and neobanks. I think you've canceled overdraft protection or moderated that. You've got early payment mechanisms. You've got direct auto type products. I guess the question is, are you able to quantify how that impacts your customer base? Do you get good cross-sell? Does it affect retention rates? Or generally speaking, how do these compete against these new banks that are trying to, I guess, disrupt the overall system?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, John. Well, I love the focus that investors have on fintechs. And let's talk about the reasons for that. First of all, I think the investors are voting with their feet to just the amount of money that is poured into fintechs on the venture capital side, the valuation of fintechs, although the last little bit has been rough for them really speaks to a belief, I think, in the investor community that banking is going to be transformed and the fintechs are going to be important drivers of making that happen. And we're an original fintech. So maybe I have a soft spot in my heart for fintechs and also an understanding of the challenges they face as well. But one thing, we start with one thing that's very clear, Fintech start with modern technology. Everybody starts in the cloud. They don't have all the scale technology you need. They got to build a lot of things, but they start in the cloud.  There's also another phenomenon going on, and that is that one of the most successful parts of fintech has been the platform companies building the shoulders for other fintech to then stand on and build their business. So the ability to enter businesses and move quickly and have modern technology is really striking. The fintechs are also unregulated. So there's a whole vector there in terms of some of the things they're doing and some of the ways that they move and operate that wouldn't be consistent with the banking side of the business.  But I favor all that because I believe also, as do so many investors beating a path into this space, that banking is absolutely in the process of being transformed. And it's kind of striking, the industry has taken as long as it has to be as transformed relative to a lot of other industries. And I think a big reason for it is the regulation that has tended to surround the banking space. Interestingly, by far, the biggest growth vectors have been sort of in the least regulated side of things, in payments and platforms and crypto. And I think the almost unmitigated success of companies in those spaces are really striking.  But let me now go back to Capital One. And I say this as an original fintech and a fintech that really transformed itself into and became one of America's biggest banks. We are building essentially a fintech, and we have built a fintech at scale. We don't have some of the benefits that fintechs have. We have a lot of benefits a lot of fintechs don't have, including a gigantic customer base and national brand, a 3.5 decades of underwriting experience, an unbelievable amount of data that we have collected and have, through our tech transformation, built a very sophisticated, kind of comprehensive way to manage big data and machine learning in real time to create opportunities to be at the forefront of how banking is being transformed. We, as a bank, face our own unique set of challenges fintechs don't have. Fintechs face a lot of challenges they have. But it's not an accident that you noticed Capital One out there with a number of products and even a bit of a brand personality consistent with where fintechs are because we are leaning into some opportunities, the same ones the fintechs are. Some are ones that we're creating in places they're not. But when you hear an optimism in my voice and an excitement, it relates to standing on the shoulders of our tech transformation and the scale and market position we have as a company to create opportunities that I think Capital One is uniquely positioned to do it. It's a tough journey. It requires continued investment, which we talked about, and it's not easy. But I really like our chances. And I think Capital One is ideally positioned to take advantage of the accelerating transformation in banking.
Operator: And our last question will come from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: On the credit front, I just wanted to see if you can give a little bit of color on the increase in charge-offs and delinquencies on the non-card consumer businesses. I know you mentioned auto. Just wondering if you can give a little bit more granularity on the drivers there. And then also on the reserve side, another sizable reserve release. As you're looking forward here and as loans begin to strengthen in terms of the balance sheet, do you expect ultimately to begin matching or building reserves here in the coming quarters?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. John, let me talk about credit. Andrew will do the reserve question. So the consumer credit just remains strikingly strong. I mean in all my years, I've never seen anything quite like what we have been through with consumer credit in the last couple of years, and it's still strikingly strong. We, of course, have been saying all through this, normalization is bound to happen. How fast, and it does, and at what trajectory we'll have to see. In the fourth quarter, our card losses, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, they were up 13 basis points, which is consistent with normal seasonal trends. Our card delinquencies increased 29 basis points, and that increase is a bit more than the normal seasonal trend. And I would point at that as an indicator of, more likely than not, early signs of some normalization off of a very, very low base, of course. In the auto business, let's talk about credit performance there. Auto credit performance has been strikingly strong through the pandemic. Fourth quarter losses were just 58 basis points, and that's roughly 1/3 of what they were before the pandemic. In addition to all the positives that have supported consumer credit in general, like you see in our card business, auto is seeing exceptionally strong recoveries supported by record-high vehicle values. And this was enough to push losses negative earlier in 2021. And obviously, that's not sustainable. But by any measure, losses remain exceptionally low. The quarter-over-quarter increase in Q4 was largely normal seasonality. Auto vehicle values remain about 50% above pre-pandemic levels backed by strong consumer demand and ongoing supply constraints. So we certainly would expect auto losses to increase from current levels even if the health of the consumer remains strong, especially because auction prices should normalize over time as supply constraints are resolved. So it's an amazing period that we're in, and we are trying to lean in and capitalize on the opportunities to grow the business with the strength the consumer has and the capacity to grow their own balance sheet. And we are especially watchful of the natural things that can happen to credit at a time like this. I'm talking about the industry. And let me just name 2 there. One is, of course, the natural things like more aggressive marketing and, in the auto business, more aggressive practices with the dealers and things like this.  There's also just one other thing we'll all have to keep an eye on, and that is when we think about -- any of us, and we ask ourselves this question, but I think we're in a stronger position to answer it than maybe many, but when one is doing credit underwriting, how do you build models? What are your models supposed to be looking at when they look in the rearview mirror and see the best credit in the history of these businesses? And so Capital One has a very long kind of history of data on consumers, and we very much point our models to a longer horizon there. But I do worry, especially for the fintechs who are building their own companies from scratch, exactly what's the rearview mirror and what's the information-based underwriting capabilities that can be built here? So we'll just keep an eye out for those effects and expect normalization to occur and take advantage of the opportunities while they're in front of us. Andrew?
Andrew Young: Yes. John, with respect to the allowance, unfortunately, I don't have an easy yes/no answer for you around allowance releases. So let me just start by describing the current allowance because I think that backdrop will be helpful in just painting various pictures of how the coming quarters might unfold. In that way, you have as much knowledge as we do. So when we think about the composition of the allowance, the first thing is just our expectation of future losses and recoveries. And so right now, our outlook assumes relatively swift normalization of losses from today's unusually strong levels. The second factor is just qualitative factors, which we've described before. And today, these qualitative factors remain elevated to account for the remaining uncertainties around the pandemic and the economy, and this is why our coverage ratios remain high. And then the last factor is just the size of the balance sheet at each successive quarter.  And so keep in mind that under CECL allowance, impacts of new growth is pulled forward, so it definitely adds to the quantum of allowance that we need as we grow. But future allowance movements from where we are today will just be determined by how all of these effects net out. And so if normalization plays out and we continue to grow at a significant clip, we could see allowance builds over the next few quarters. The other scenario could be, and clearly, there's many scenarios, but another scenario is favorable credit trends continue the uncertainties that drive the qualitative factors subside, and growth is a little bit more modest than we would likely see further allowance releases. So I just wanted to give you a window into all of the pieces that go into the calculation, and we'll go through a rigorous process every quarter, and we'll see how it ultimately plays out over the year.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. That's very helpful. And then just lastly, can you just maybe comment a bit on the commercial loan growth trends you're seeing? I know your commercial segment loans were up double digits year-over-year. So I just want a quick bit of color on the drivers there.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, John, our commercial loan growth was 7% quarter-over-quarter and 12% year-over-year, and it outpaced industry growth. Normalizing for PPP forgiveness, we're much more in line with the growth of our peers. While we did see a slight increase in our revolver utilization this quarter, our growth was almost entirely driven by originations in our specialty businesses where we generate strong risk-adjusted returns.  And of course, just the other thing I would point out, of course, is our activity in commercial reflects the increased economic activity and a quite attractive market, quite attractive lending conditions in 2021. So it's been, I think, a good time for all commercial lenders. This is in the context of actually a market that still we have a very cautious eye of looking at with the tremendous growth of nonbank lenders and some of the lending practices that are happening outside the banking industry that make their way into our customers. So I think it's a great period at the moment. We continue to be cautious about the opportunity in the context of the bigger marketplace. But thanks very much, John.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. And thanks, everybody, for joining us on tonight's conference call. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here to answer any follow-ups you may have later on, and have a good evening, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation. Have an excellent night.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-26 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Keith, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2021 results.
 With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release.
 Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. 
 Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at Capital One's website and filed with the SEC. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Young. Andrew? 
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the third quarter, Capital One earned $3.1 billion or $6.78 per diluted common share. Included in our results for the quarter was a $45 million legal reserve build. Net of this adjusting item, earnings per share in the quarter were $6.86.
 On a GAAP basis, pre-provision earnings were $3.6 billion, an increase of 7% relative to a quarter ago. Period-end loans held for investment grew $11.8 billion or 5% as we had strong loan growth across all of our businesses. Recall that we moved $4.1 billion of loans to be held for sale late in the second quarter so average loans in the third quarter grew more modestly at 3%.
 Revenue increased 6% in the linked quarter, largely driven by the loan growth I just described, coupled with margin expansion in our Card business. Operating expenses grew 3% in the quarter, with total noninterest expense increasing 6%. In addition to strong pre-provision earnings, the P&L was aided by a provision benefit in the quarter as record low charge-offs were more than offset by an allowance release.
 Turning to Slide 4. I will cover the changes in our allowance in greater detail. We released $770 million of allowance in the third quarter as the effects of continued actual strong credit performance and a reduction in qualitative factors drove a decline in allowance balance, which was partially offset by loan growth in the quarter. 
 Turning to Slide 5. You can see our allowance coverage ratios continue to decline across all of our segments, driven by the factors I just described.
 Turning to Page 6. I'll now discuss liquidity. You can see our preliminary average liquidity coverage ratio during the third quarter was 143%.  The LCR remained stable and continues to be well above the 100% regulatory requirement. Our liquidity reserves from cash, securities and Federal Home Loan Bank capacity ended the quarter at approximately $124 billion, down $13 billion from the prior quarter as we continue to run off excess liquidity built during the pandemic.
 The 9% decline in total liquidity was driven by a modest reduction in the size of our investment portfolio and $8 billion in lower ending cash balances, which were used to fund loan growth and share repurchases. The decline in cash balances had an impact on our NIM, which I will discuss in more detail on Page 7.
 You can see that our third quarter net interest margin was 6.35%, 46 basis points higher than Q2 and 67 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. The linked quarter increase in NIM was largely driven by 4 factors.
 First, the decline in average cash balances I just described; second, margin expansion in our Domestic Card business; third, loan growth in our Domestic Card business; and lastly, the benefit of one additional day in the quarter. 
 Turning to Slide 8. I will end by covering our capital position. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 13.8% at the end of the third quarter, down 70 basis points from the prior quarter. Net income in the quarter was more than offset by an increase in risk-weighted assets and share repurchases.
 We repurchased $2.7 billion of common stock in the third quarter and have approximately $2.6 billion remaining of our current board authorization of $7.5 billion. At the beginning of the third quarter, we began operating under the Federal Reserve's stress capital buffer framework, resulting in a minimum CET1 capital requirement of 7% as of October 1. And however, based on our internal modeling, we continue to estimate that our CET1 capital need is around 11%. 
 Before I turn the call over to Rich, let me describe a few items related to our preferred stock. On October 18, we announced our intention to redeem our outstanding preferred stock Series G and Series H in early December. As a result of the full quarter of recent issuances and a partial quarter of the planned redemptions, we expect fourth quarter preferred dividends to remain elevated at around $74 million.
 Looking ahead to Q1, we expect the run rate for preferred dividends to decline to approximately $57 million per quarter, barring additional activity. 
 With that, I will turn the call over to Rich. Rich? 
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our Credit Card business. Strong year-over-year purchase volume growth and strong revenue margin drove an increase in revenue compared to the third quarter of 2020 and provision for credit losses improved significantly.
 Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. As you can see on Slide 11, third quarter Domestic Card revenue grew 14% year-over-year.
 Purchase volume for the third quarter was up 28% year-over-year and up 27% compared to the third quarter of 2019. And the rebound in loan growth continued with ending loan balances up $3.7 billion or about 4% year-over-year. Ending loans also grew 4% from the sequential quarter ahead of typical seasonal growth of around 1%.
 Ending loan growth was the result of strong growth in purchase volume as well as the traction we're getting with new account originations and line increases, partially offset by continued high payment rates. Payment rates leveled off in the third quarter, but remain near historic highs. 
 The flip side of high payment rates is strong credit and credit results remain strikingly strong. The Domestic Card charge-off rate for the quarter was 1.36%, a 228 basis point improvement year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 1.93%, a 28 basis points improvement over the prior year. The pace of year-over-year improvement is slowing, particularly for the delinquency rate. 
 Domestic Card revenue margin was up 218 basis points year-over-year to 18.4%. Two factors drove most of the increase. Revenue margin benefited from spend velocity, which is purchase volume growth and net interchange outpacing loan growth and favorable current credit performance enabled us to recognize a higher proportion of finance charges and fees in third quarter revenue as well. This credit-driven revenue impact generally tracks Domestic Card credit trends. 
 Total company marketing expense was $751 million in the quarter, including marketing in card, auto and retail banking. Our choices in card marketing are the biggest driver of total company marketing trends.
 We continue to see attractive opportunities to grow our Domestic Card business. Our loan -- well, our growth opportunities are enhanced by our technology transformation. Turning opportunities into actual growth requires investment. And once again, we're leaning further into marketing to drive growth and to build our franchise. 
 At the same time, we're keeping a watchful eye on the competitive environment, which is intensifying. Looking ahead, we expect a sequential increase in total company marketing in the fourth quarter that's consistent with typical historical pattern. Pulling up, our Domestic Card business continues to deliver significant value as we invest to build our franchise. 
 Slide 12 summarizes third quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Consistent auto growth and strong auto credit are the main themes in the third quarter Consumer Banking results. Our digital capabilities and deep dealer relationship strategy continue to drive strong growth in our auto business. 
 Driven by auto, third quarter ending loans increased 12% year-over-year in the Consumer Banking business. Average loans also grew 12%. Auto originations were up 29% year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, auto originations were down 11% from the exceptionally high level in the second quarter. As we discussed last quarter, pent-up demand and high auto prices had driven a second quarter surge in originations across the auto marketplace. 
 Third quarter ending deposits in the consumer bank were up $2.7 billion or 1% year-over-year. Average deposits were also up 1% year-over-year. Consumer Banking revenue increased 14% from the prior year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans. Third quarter provision for credit losses improved by $48 million year-over-year, driven by an allowance release in our auto business. Credit results in our auto business remained strong. Year-over-year, the third quarter charge-off rate improved 5 basis points to 0.18% and the delinquency rate improved 11 basis points to 3.65%. 
 Looking at sequential quarter trends, the charge-off rate increase from the unprecedented negative charge-off rate in the second quarter and the 30-plus delinquency rate was up 39 basis points from the second quarter, consistent with historical seasonal pattern.
 Moving to Slide 13, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances were up 4% year-over-year, driven by growth in selected industry specialties. Average loans were down 2%. Ending deposits grew 18% from the third quarter of 2020, as middle market and government customers continue to hold elevated levels of liquidity. 
 Quarterly average deposits also increased 18% year-over-year. Third quarter revenue was up 17% from the prior year quarter and 23% from the linked quarter. Recall that revenue in the second quarter was unusually low due to the impact of moving $1.5 billion of commercial real estate loans to held for sale. 
 Commercial credit performance remained strong. In the third quarter, the commercial banking annualized charge-off rate was 5 basis points. The criticized performing loan rate was 6.9% and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 0.8%. Our Commercial Banking business is delivering solid performance as we continue to build our commercial capabilities. I'll close tonight with some thoughts on our results and our strategic positioning.
 In the third quarter, we drove strong growth in Domestic Card revenue, purchase volume and new accounts. And loan growth is picking up. Credit remains strikingly strong across our businesses, and we continue to return capital to our shareholders. In the marketplace, the pandemic has clearly accelerated digital adoption. The game is changing from new and permanent shifts in virtual and hybrid work to more digital product and exceptional customer experiences to new fintech innovation and business model. The common thread throughout all of this is technology and the stakes are rising faster than ever before. 
 Competitors are embracing the realization that technology capabilities may be an existential issue. The investment flowing into fintech is breathtaking and it's growing. We can see investors voting with their feet in stunning fintech valuation. And the war for tech talent continues to escalate, which will drive up tech labor costs even before any headcount increases. 
 All these developments underscore the size of the opportunity for players who lead the way in transforming how banking works. And Capital One is very well positioned to do just that. We are in the ninth year of our technology transformation from the bottom of the tech stack up. We were in original fintech, and we have built modern technology capabilities at scale. 
 But what is also clear in the marketplace is that the time frames for investment and innovation are compressing. The imperative to invest is now. We have been on a long journey to drive down operating efficiency ratio powered by revenue growth and digital productivity gains. 
 Our journey will need to incorporate the investment imperative of the rapidly changing marketplace, and it is likely to pressure operating efficiency ratio along the way. 
 Pulling way up, we're living through an extraordinary time of accelerating digital change. Our modern technology stack is powering our performance and our opportunity. It's setting us up to capitalize on the accelerating digital revolution in banking and it's the engine that drives enduring value creation over the long term.
 And now we'll be happy to answer your questions. Jeff? 
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. 
 [Operator Instructions] 
 If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith, please start the Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 We'll take our first question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: So Rich, you talked about competition across the industry has intensified, you noted in both traditional players and fintechs. And yet, it seems like your strategy is working as evidenced by the better-than-peer growth metrics and credit. 
 So I was just wondering, can you maybe just talk about the competitive environment you're seeing out there? 
 How does it compare to maybe the middle part of the last decade? Where we saw competition accelerate? And where do you think it goes from here? And then I guess, maybe wrap that in with what does it mean for growth for the company? And I have 1 follow-up question. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Ryan, great question. So what -- there's -- let me really talk about the card competition that's probably the heart of your questions here, but we can also expand on that. But in Domestic -- in the Card business, competition has definitely intensified, especially in rewards. Marketing and media activity are I would say, approaching pre-pandemic levels and competitors continue to lean into marketing and originations. Direct mail is back to 2019 levels. Originations have also recovered across the industry and are above pre-pandemic levels. 
 The pricing continues to be mostly stable. Our rewards offerings have become richer, and we continue to watch that very closely. We saw some modest increases in upfront bonuses, mainly in the form of limited time offers and in travel as demand returns.
 Our rewards earned rates have also increased with some of the new product structures introduced recently, particularly in the cashback space. And of course, there's also a lot of increasing activity with fintechs, such as buy-now-pay-later, installment lending, and we talked about the breathtaking levels of investment by venture capital into that industry.
 So -- and by the way, all of this is incredibly natural how a market should be reacting. If we didn't see everything that I just described to you, I would wonder if I woke up in the wrong place. This is incredibly natural. But in the context of this increased competition, we continue to see good opportunities for growth, which are enhanced by our tech transformation.
 And we're keeping a close eye on competition, looking for adverse selection that may come as a result of that. And we are underwriting with the expectation of higher losses in the future. 
 Now you asked for a comparison, Ryan, about how does this compare with the last decade. Certainly, in the middle of the last decade, competition in the credit card space really started picking up. But -- and some of the descriptors I would use here, I would use there in the sense that more spending on marketing and originations being kind of robust for the industry. 
 Back then, we saw a bunch of things that we really don't see now, but we'll have to keep it out and eye out for that. What we saw back then is very aggressive behavior in ways that was more than just marketing. It really was in the form of looser underwriting. And in practices, some consumer practices that we did not feel were fully in the customer's interest. 
 So there were a lot of things to react to in that marketplace. And if you look back Capital One's loan growth kind of slowed in the card business as we moderated in the face of what we thought was competition that was over the top and that was going to not only make it more costly to originate, but much more importantly, could impact the quality of -- the credit quality of what is being booked. 
 So we do not feel right now that we're at a time like that, we have to be on the lookout for natural things that happens as competitors continue to heed up their efforts to grow. But I think we're in a pretty good period, Ryan, right now in the marketplace. 
 And for Capital One, as indicated by my comment about marketing, we see good opportunities. We're leaning into that. And we have our having learned over the years and seen a lot of things, Ryan, we're going to have our eye out for things that we think are over the top. 
Ryan Nash: And if I can just ask one quick follow-up. I know credit is as good as it's ever been. And I know you don't have a crystal ball, but yours is probably better than mine. 
 So I was wondering that given that this downturn has been like no other, how are you thinking about the trajectory of credit over an intermediate time frame? Do you think we could run well below normal for an extended period of time? Or do you think there is the risk of fast normalization as the industry has become more concerned about? 
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think we are, Ryan, certainly in a pretty extraordinary -- well, not even pretty extraordinary. We're in an extraordinary place from a credit point of view, and I'm speaking of the industry, and obviously, Capital One as well. And not only for our Credit Card business, but also really across the board at Capital One. So as we think about where it could go from here, let's think a little bit about what's driving where it is. So obviously, the high level of consumer support through the government stimulus has been a factor. 
 Although that's mostly in the rearview mirror, there's some lingering benefits in terms of the consumer balance sheet that come from that. But this will be a good time to watch how credit performs in the -- basically in the absence of that. 
 We've also had widespread industry forbearance and consumers themselves have behave very rationally through this period of uncertainty, generally saving more spending less and paying down debt. And then on top of that, we've seen strong labor markets so far this year with very high demand for workers, solid wage growth, which should support consumers as government stimulates stimulus expires. 
 So where does everything go from here? It feels inevitable that losses will increase from the exceptionally low levels of the past year and of where we are. But I think the timing -- it's much easier to have conviction about what will happen and the timing of that. We're looking for signs of normalization, card delinquencies ticked up modestly in August and September. Although this is the time of year when we tend to see seasonal increases in delinquencies.
 So we -- this is just a -- I think this is a very strong time. And the I think most companies are enjoying the strength that most banks enjoying the strength that they have. I think they're leaning into their opportunities. And for Capital One, I think our opportunities are particularly good because of the technology that we -- the shoulders that we stand on.
 But with a watchful eye for normalization that will absolutely inevitably happen. And by the way, when it happens, that's normal. That's not necessarily alarming at all. It would be surprising if it didn't happen, but we'll just watch out for the extremes of behavior and in the meantime, lean into our opportunities. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Rich, you talked a lot about the competitive dynamic in the credit card industry and talked about some steps you're taking from an underwriting standpoint to kind of make up for that. 
 Could you talk a little bit about how you think about the ability to expand credit lines for your customers? Because that's always been a big factor in terms of generating kind of ongoing loan growth and strong spreads. I do have a follow-up question. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So Moshe, we are -- as you know, we talked about continuing our originations going in prior years, sometimes while we were holding back on line with the caution about the environment that we were in. And we talked about the coiled spring that, that represents.
 And so we always take the philosophy of trying to continue to build the underlying franchise and then expand the lines as we see validation about the strength of the marketplace and the strength of the individual customers. 
 And we are gradually increasing credit lines, nothing too dramatic, but consistent with how we're leaning in, in general. We are increasing credit lines gradually. So that will be another boost on the loan growth side. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Got you. And just as a follow-up, you talked about the potential for pressure on the efficiency ratio. I mean, you've had some pretty strong revenue growth. Could you talk about -- I mean, obviously, one would think that, that kind of helps from the standpoint of being able to fund the investment. Could you talk about what factors would drive periods of time where that efficiency ratio would be pressured versus times would be improving? 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, look, revenue growth is the best friend of efficiency ratio, as you point out, Moshe. And our philosophy, I think some companies sort of drive -- try to drive a very sustained efficiency ratio improvement by just squeezing cost out and we're certainly trying to drive a lot of efficiencies from technology. 
 But our philosophy is certainly that leaning into investing in technology and in growth opportunities can be an engine for revenue growth, and that, combined with digital efficiencies can help drive a sustained long-term improvement in efficiency ratio. 
 And of course, we've enjoyed something like a 400 basis point improvement in efficiency ratio from 2013 to 2019 when the pandemic kind of interrupted our process. The reason I pointed out the -- my comment about efficiency ratio a few minutes ago was pointing out some of the pressures on the cost side that really come from the sweeping digital change that's transforming the marketplace and the compressed time frame for investment and innovation. 
 And -- so new and traditional competitors embracing the need to invest in technology, the arms race for tech talent is fierce. And in fact, it's the biggest talent arms race that I've seen in my 3 decades of building Capital One. 
 And that Moshe, that's a disappointing one because that raises the tied level of tech costs without generating in a sense, any benefits directly from that. 
 And just talking about the fintechs for a minute. Here's some striking data. Investments in fintechs through the first 3 quarters of this year has been more than $90 billion or on an annualized basis, of course, that's $120 billion, and that's more than double last year's total.
 And I mean those are just breathtaking investment numbers. And that's a huge assault on our industry from a kind of a defensive point of view as we react to that. But also, I look at this and say, that's a clear indication that banking is ripe for transformation, which we have believed for many, many years. So this all shows up in the need to invest both in technology itself and in leading digital products to gain competitive advantage and the clock is ticking.
 So we're in a strong position to take advantage of the opportunities in the marketplace, and we have invested for years to build a modern tech stack. We have a deep heritage in big data and analytics. And we have a large customer franchise and a national brand. So I really like our positioning and our chances, but we do have to invest to capitalize on the opportunity.
 So Moshe, the pulling way up -- the pressures come really from 2 things, which both derived from one thing, which is the rapidly changing marketplace. So you've got the cost pressure in terms of tech wages and the compressing time frames for innovation across the industry. 
 And we just wanted to share that with investors and that we are leaning in to capitalize on this opportunity. And all other things being equal, that pressures' efficiency ratio. Of course, when you pull way up everything I just talked about, maybe not so much the tech labor cost. 
 But the investment imperative is in service of the same longer-term objectives, enhancing growth, building a franchise and very importantly, driving greater efficiency. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. 
Betsy Graseck: Rich, I wanted to understand in the spend numbers that you generated in the quarter. Just wanted to get a sense as to what you're seeing in terms of where there's been change at the margin? Has this spend been accelerating in any specific type of customer, maybe the higher end or the starter routers. 
 And then the degree to which you think that's sustainable here going forward, what are you sensing in terms of spend trajectory from here? And then I have a follow-up. Could you hear me, okay? 
Andrew Young: Betsy, this is Andrew. I can hear you, but we had Rich on mute for a second. 
Richard Fairbank: I was on mute, sorry. Let me start over, Betsy. Great, It was so eloquent. I can't repeat what I said now. But the spend growth is really an across-the-board thing from mass market customers to the heavy spenders that we have in our portfolio. And virtually every spend category is up, and it's up over -- it's up over last year. It's up over 2 years ago. The only laggard versus 2 years ago -- I shouldn't say laggard. Basically, the travel and entertainment category has kind of caught up with where it was 2 years ago.
 But given that you saw our overall purchase volume numbers are up 27% compared to 2019. It just kind of shows you how much -- pretty much all the rest of the categories are surging ahead. So that's partly a comment on the marketplace. And it's also partly a comment about Capital One and our -- the traction that we're getting in spend across our business. 
 Obviously, you can see from our marketing and from our products, and we've spent years investing in building a spender franchise. And we -- the numbers that we've been posting are indicative of a lot of traction there. Now I'm going to -- I'm not going to give guidance on where it's going to go from here. 
 I think it's got good momentum. But also, I think consumers have been sort of making up for lost time. And I think as they break out being so cooped up in the pandemic, the spend levels have been up. And we'll see where things go from here, but we certainly carry quite a bit of momentum into the marketplace. 
 And the purchase volume success ends up being -- giving a boost to the outstanding growth of Capital One, which, of course, like all the banks is still being constrained somewhat by the high payment rates. But we were really happy to see that even the outstanding growth is -- the needle started to move there in the quarter. 
Betsy Graseck: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Just the other follow-up question I had has to do with how you think about not only the cost per account, but the value of that account and how long it takes for that account to become at run rate? 
 I asked because you mentioned earlier how the competition is quite hot. So you might -- someone might come away from this call thinking, okay, cost to acquire account is up, but then the value of that account getting to full run rate levels, how do you feel about that in this environment versus what you've seen in the past?
 Is that something that takes a 12- to 18-month time frame or given where we are with the job growth inflation pick up all that, is it possible that there's a longer tail on the value of the accounts that you're generating today? 
Richard Fairbank: So the time to pay back for any of the originations we do, obviously, is dependent on the particular segment. But we've been investing for years and not just spending money on marketing, but spending money on building the franchise of Capital One. And the building a brand, creating the really exceptional technology that powers the products that we have with customers, creating exceptional customer experiences. 
 And I think what we are seeing is the continued benefit of our investment in the franchise. Now we talked about leaning into marketing, which we have been doing and -- as I said, we're continuing to do that. We see good opportunities in the places we've been investing for years. 
 And while there is increasing competition, we continue to see a good origination traction and a cost per account originated that is very reasonable for us by our historical standards. 
 And we really like everything we see about the early performance of the things that we're booking. So that would suggest, let's see that the value of these accounts should be strong. And so given all of this, we see opportunity to continue as we've been going and keep a close eye on things that may change in the marketplace one segment at a time. But for right now, we think the opportunities are good and the return on the growing investment that we have had is good. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. 
Richard Shane: Rich, look, you've been very clear about the opportunity, generally speaking, in terms of technology. When we think about technology, I think there are probably 4 places or 4 opportunities. It's product, it's customer experience, it's back office, and it's potentially underwriting and adding value there.
 I'm curious, when you think about those 4 factors or those 4 elements, where you see the biggest opportunity to enhance return? And are you seeing misuse of technology and people driving bad decisions or bad outcomes on any of these factors? 
Richard Fairbank: So hello, Rick. And all the areas that you mentioned are opportunity areas. I think that the list is even more expansive than what you have, but I certainly agree with the 4 because I'm looking at products, customer experience, back office and underwriting. 
 And I -- let me just kind of think through some of the real opportunity areas for us. And importantly, what I want to say is and what I'm going to talk about here stands on the shoulders of our modern tech stack and we're working to build breakthrough capabilities and solutions. For example, our new marketing platforms leverage big data streaming in real time to reach more customers with the right offers and driving to improve and optimize conversion rates.
 Our new credit decisioning platforms enable us to use way more data and more sophisticated machine learning algorithms to make better credit decisions. our new fraud platform enables us to approve more transactions for our customers while simultaneously reducing fraud costs. 
 And just let me pause on fraud for a second because one thinks that while investing in fraud is really important, of course, to getting fraud cost down because fraud costs have continued to sort of rise in the industry. But it's also the opportunity -- having breakthroughs in the management of fraud creates an opportunity on the customer experience side and the business opportunities we have. 
 I'll give you 2 examples. One is in credit cards for very heavy spenders, where the card always works is an incredibly important battle cry in -- at the top of the marketplace. And so the spillover benefits there are significant and also in building a national digital bank. So if a bank just goes out there and hang out a shingle and say come on in and have folks sign up for digital bank accounts. It turns out while fraud rates in the branches or people -- if they want to commit fraud, they don't typically walk into a branch to commit account opening fraud.
 But it's very easy to do that online. So what we have found is that our heavy investment in fraud has been instrumental to our national banking strategy that you see featured on TV and the ability to really, on a mass basis, open up accounts nationwide and be comfortable with respect to the fraud cost. 
 So the -- so we've been talking about some of the risk management side. Let me also say just another key area, not really directly on your list, but sort of risk management beyond just underwriting or fraud is, as you know, just banks, the business. Risk management is the business. And the ability to automate risk management process is the ability to move to a 100% monitoring all the time in real time of things that were otherwise just sampled.  
 There's just a lot of benefits that come from transforming how we work. Then to your customer experience category, we're building growing franchises in addition to the core card business and enhancing the experiences of our flagship cards. We're growing franchises with innovative products like Capital One Shopping and Credit Wise.
 In the auto business, we're delivering innovative products like Auto Navigator, which offers real-time underwriting of any car on any lot in America in a fraction of the second and enables customers to know in advance what their financing terms will be on any car before they visit the dealership. And that was a little word-of-mouth thing until we put it on national TV in the last few months. I'm sure you've seen the ad. 
 We're strengthening our brand and customer franchise, evidenced by high Net Promoter Scores and J.D. Power naming Capital One, the leading mobile banking app.  
 I turn to the card partnership business. We're winning card partnership opportunities where increasingly, retailers are focusing on digital capabilities as like a preemptively important part of the conversation. 
 We're partnering with tech leaders like Snowflake, where we are their largest customer. And in addition to getting valuable early investment stake in them, we've been able to leverage the world's leading data management platform for our own innovation. On the operating side, we're steadily working to automate our operating processes, enabling us to reduce risk and to reduce cost. 
 Then there's the tech-on-tech savings, our investments in modern technology are enabling us to reduce legacy tech costs and legacy vendor costs. So again, even as we invest more in modern tech, we're really powered by some of the benefits of reducing legacy tech costs. 
 Digital productivity gains are powering speed to market and revenue generation. And with all these growing opportunities, we're enjoying the virtuous cycle of attracting more and better tech talent, which in turn accelerates our progress. 
 So even sort of beyond your list of 4, which is a great list, our technology transformation is changing the trajectory of Capital One in driving growth, improving efficiency, strengthening risk management, enhancing the brand and improving our status as a leading destination for great talent. And so we like very much the position that we're in here. as I've said, time frames are compressing in the industry, and we want to make sure that we capitalize on those opportunities. Thanks for your question, Rick. 
Operator: We'll take our next Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. 
Bill Carcache: Rich, I wanted to ask specifically about your high-spending transactor business. Are you seeing evidence of the larger banks demonstrate demonstrating a willingness to go underwater on credit card rewards with the hope of driving engagement and winning business in other areas like wealth management and mortgage. And if so, how do you see these dynamics playing out across the industry in general and Capital One in particular? 
Richard Fairbank: So the competition in rewards is certainly very intense. We see it in the marketing levels, everybody's stepping up for more of that. The product structures and the overall rewards levels continue to be fairly aggressive. And you can see banks out there refreshing products in the market recently with enhanced rewards. And not only in the cash back space but also to your point, at the very top of the market, including with the high fee rewards card. So I have not -- look, I think we all live on pretty thin margins in transaction margins in this business really because of what's happening and it's great for consumers.
 The leading banks have past so many benefits on the consumers. But what I -- I would be surprised if our biggest competitors at the top of the market are losing money on every transaction and trying to make it up with volume elsewhere in their franchise. 
 Now there may be selected examples of that. But I think what the leading players and this is certainly what we've been doing at Capital One, we have invested for years in brand and digital capabilities, customer experience, the servicing side of things, the card always works side of things to where one doesn't have to compete solely on the basis of rewards, important though that is, I think, really for the top players, I think this is really, at the end of the day about building a franchise, a sustainable franchise.  
 And I certainly, from everything I see, feel that, that's what we have here at Capital One. And I think a small number of players are particularly investing -- years of investing to get that position. And I think all of us are well served by what we have. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore. 
John Pancari: Just on the expense side, I know you indicated on the marketing side, you expect a sequential quarter increase in the fourth quarter, consistent with the historical trends. If you look at it, going back, you're seeing anywhere between $100 million to $300 million linked quarter increase in the fourth quarter in marketing costs. So just wanted to try to get an idea if you can maybe help us size that up. 
 And then one separate thing on the expense side. The efficiency ratio longer-term implication of the IT investment. Just wondering if there's any way to think about what that could interpret into in terms of an impact on the ratio on that operating ratio. 
Andrew Young: John, I'll take the first question and then pass it over to Rich for the second one. As you note, in the fourth quarter, we typically have seasonal increase just due to volumes and a number of -- I think you used the term sundry items. And Rich has talked about the investment that we are making on the technology side and compensation. So I would think that not giving any sort of explicit guidance, but I think if you look at history as your guide, there's a lot in there that kind of would suggest where we might be going in the near term.
 And Rich talked about the investments over time and how that's going to play into the number of factors across the P&L in terms of revenue growth in fraud and many other things that are playing down through there. So that's how I would think about the short to medium term. And I'll turn it over to Rich to answer your second question. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So John, we declared years ago that through the tech transformation that we were driving, which along the way was going to cost more to drive that, that over time this transformation and the extra growth that we could get in the marketplace could -- that would put us in a good position to drive operating efficiency over the longer term and that, that would be an important part of the investor value proposition for Capital One.
 And we've already -- seeing some significant improvements in operating efficiency. I talked about the pressures that come from rising tech labor costs and the imperative to invest. But while, again, the rising labor costs sort of by themselves don't really generate a lot of value, they cost money. 
 The things we're talking about here of leaning into investment opportunities are the very things that are part of our original strategic philosophy about driving operating efficiency. That's the way that we drive more growth over time. The way that we drive more digital productivity gains will be to continue leaning into our tech transformation and the investment at the top of the tech stack for the -- in the growth opportunities that can help power that.  
 So we are still all in on the quest, the efficiency ratio quest. And the kind of destinations that we have talked about, we need to incorporate the investment imperative that we have along the way. 
John Pancari: And then on the credit front, on delinquency trends, just wanted to see if you can talk a little bit about if you're seeing any changes in the lower FICO bands in terms of delinquency trends. 
 We've been seeing that at a couple of other players that they're seeing some pressure on the lower FICO and non-prime areas? Are you seeing anything there, any evidence of upside pressure that would not be otherwise seasonally evident? 
Richard Fairbank: Yes, John, I think that most of what we see tends to be more in the range of normal. But I would be the first to argue that subprime customers have certainly had a number of benefits in the marketplace that, that over time will and are going away. 
 So it would be a natural thing. Normalization is a very natural thing across the board. It would certainly be a natural thing there. We watch all these trends carefully. What we've seen in both card and auto would really be in the category of both seasonal and normal. But I wouldn't draw any big extrapolations from that, just more of an observation of what we see at this point. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: I guess I have 1 big picture question for Rich. Obviously, a big topic in the fintech world is embedded banking and how big tech companies might be the central hub for consumers rather than what currently might be the bank app? I know you're making sizable investments to compete, but do you think there's inevitability that behavior shift towards these aggregators? 
Richard Fairbank: So Sanjay, look, that is a really great question. And one that for many, many years, we have been -- we put a -- we have put your strategic question, kind of front and center in our own thinking for years. 
 So ever since you could watch, of course, in China and the incredible way that inside tech apps, one's whole life, including financial life gets embedded in there. That's the most extreme example of the front end of banking really being taken over by a tech company. 
 And the risk, of course, as one looks at the marketplace, to your point, is the front end of banking being taken over by tech companies and banks being the utilities quietly behind the scenes of that. 
 And that has been central on our radar screen from for many years. And we have seen -- and I think that there continues to be momentum in both camps. So in terms of the tech companies being the front end of banking, we see increasing traction in aggregation and many, many types of aggregation, not just people coming to go get a budgeting app kind of thing. We see that one-off aggregation for particular things and a whole variety of things in consumers' life. 
 But between the incredible scale that tech companies have in terms of customers, the incredible engagement they have and now the increasing traction in aggregation that is something that all of us need to really be staring at. And I think there is, in a sense, kind of a great race going on between that model and the model of a bank being the go-to place, not only for the back end of banking, but really for the front end of banking where one can manage one's financial life through the technology of a customer's bank.
 And that's been a primary objective of ours for a long time. And one of the probably 20 reasons that we've worked so hard to transform our technology because we want to have shoulders to stand on, that are the same shoulders as the leading tech companies have. So that we can build software and have the kind of capability and speed to market and so on that comes from being a modern tech company. 
 And I have -- we have seen a lot of traction at Capital One. And I think some of the other leading banks have seen a lot of traction too. I mean just looking at the growth of not only how many mobile customers that we have -- both online and mobile customers, the growth rate of that. But also the frequency of visits and the increasing number of things that we can do for our customers. 
 And the old world of banking was a reactive one. Customer would walk into a branch and say, I have a particular need, and then the banker would figure this out. The opportunity that comes in the new world of technology is where proactive banking is as important as reactive banking. 
 They're not proactive banking in the sense of spamming more customers with lots of cross-sell offers. But really banking where we are watching the customers' money when the customer isn't, and providing leverage right in the flow of the customer's financial life to provide them the information that they need and the guidance that they need.
 And if you notice some of the TV ads, we did probably 6 to 12 months ago, were all about some of the real-time alerts that were helping people with things that they really had no idea were going on with respect to their money. 
 So I think that the great race that you talk about is on. It's one of the reasons we feel a real imperative to invest. But we like our position, and I really like actually our chances to not just build some features and have a bunch of customers, but actually to be at the center of our customers' financial lives and to be able to really build a growing franchise where Capital One is right there, where the eyeballs are and where a customers' mind share is. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Just one quick follow-up for Andrew. On the NIM, obviously, you saw a nice increase and you mentioned a number of different items. But as we look ahead, it would seem with the loan growth and the remixing, there's probably tailwinds for the NIM to the upside? Or how should we think about that, U.S. cards specifically? 
Andrew Young: So Sanjay, you're touching on really the primary drivers. So if you're looking just at card versus the corporate side, I mean, there's kind of 4 factors I would call out that drove it in the quarter in card yield. Specifically, Rich talked about the credit, kind of, benefits that are flowing through in suppression saw a tick up of delinquencies in the third quarter, in line with seasonal trends, but that aids late fees.
 They tend to have a fourth -- a third thing of seasonally higher revolve rates and then day count in the quarter are kind of the drivers of card yield. So when I think about how those play out, you can figure out which things are kind of seasonal to the quarter versus which things are driven by more macroeconomic factors versus what is sort of underlying trends.
 I'll pull up though and just give a corporate view of NIM because you touched on some of the other dimensions that are really playing through more corporately, which is the reduction of cash at the total company level and having that be replaced by card growth. And then those factors, coupled with the higher yield in card that I just described is really what benefited this quarter. 
 So as we look ahead, continued normalization of cash, continued growth in revolving card balances, those are the things that would be tailwinds to NIM, but movements in the other direction, things like sustained higher than normal payment rates or reduction in card yield would be headwinds. So we'll just have to see how those things sort of net against one another. 
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Hecht with Jefferies. 
John Hecht: Sanjay actually just asked my NIM question. So I have a question, maybe diving deeper into the growth opportunities. Are you seeing -- is there a better arbitrage or better competitive opportunities in revolver versus transactor? Or is it subprime versus prime? And maybe answer that both card and auto. 
Richard Fairbank: Okay, John, I don't see a particular segment that really stands out. A strategic thing that we've been really leaning into for a number of years at Capital One is a continued migration toward the transactor side of the business, not running away from the other one, but differentially really investing and enhancing that. 
 And of course, when you see all the purchase volume growth and other things, you can see the benefit there. But what we have also found is that the real emphasis on the transacting side of the business even for revolvers ends up being something that not only generates more transactions, but it helps drive a healthier prime and even subprime book. So that quest is very aligned and well at Capital One.
 We see growth opportunities really across the board. There's pretty intense competition across the board, but I think we see growth opportunities and a relatively rational marketplace in card across the board. The auto business, auto -- there's 2 things I would say about auto. First of all, there's like 4 or 5 planets that are aligned in the auto business that I don't think in our lifetimes are going to align again that have led to some of the extreme performance that's happened in the auto business in terms of the growth, the revenue, the credit side of the business, it's been a very strong thing.
 Given the strength, we have been particularly -- had a cautious eye looking at competitive pressures in that business. And I've always said that the auto business is more subject to competitive pressure disrupting the business than the card business because the card business is one-on-one us with a customer or a prospect. The auto business, again, has the dealer in the middle of the whole exchange and the dealer is driving an auction.
 And so we continue to be -- very carefully monitoring the competitive effects. We are seeing growing competition in the auto business. It's showing up across the board from big banks, credit unions, and smaller independent lenders, and we're seeing it play out across all credit segments. It's showing up in pricing, underwriting and loan terms. 
 And many lenders have expanded beyond their pre-pandemic credit box. And as the competitive environment continues to evolve, we remain focused on the disciplined execution of our strategy and our core philosophy of maintaining high resilience and taking what the market gives us remained unchanged. In our underwriting, we made conservative assumptions and assume rapid normalization of vehicle values to more sustainable levels. 
 So there's kind of 2 competing things going on in the auto business that sort of -- that drives the results that you see. One is growing competition, which is very understandable because every auto player has posted really strong returns and wants to get more of that. 
 There are some signs that we raise an eyebrow to make sure that we see sound underwriting out there in the marketplace. But we also have -- our opportunity is differentially being also powered by our tech capabilities that we have in the auto business, things like Auto Navigator, things like our relationship with the dealers and their reliance on our technology to help them underwrite better and sell cars more rapidly and effectively.
 So the net of those 2 forces has led us to post another really solid quarter, and we're leaning in, in the auto business, but we should all understand we should be cautious about where the marketplace will go and also understand that the planet alignment, at some point those planets won't be as aligned as they have been. 
Operator: Our last question this evening is from Kevin Barker with Piper Sandler. 
Kevin Barker: Just to follow-up on some of the competitive dynamics that you speak about, especially for fintechs. I mean have you considered possibly more radical change? Whether it's acquiring the fintechs in order to accelerate your growth or your competitive position in the market or potentially trying to develop more radical efficiencies within Capital One, in order to spend to address the competitive environment within fintech? 
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, I was on mute there. Sorry for the silence. Thank you, Kevin, for the good question there. As we have said on a number of occasions, the banking industry -- by the way, scale matters a lot.
 And by the way, however important scale was years ago -- and by the way, as someone that started Capital One 3 decades ago -- and I've always were worshiped on the altar, scale, and it's been a tough journey because we didn't have the scale for most of the time. And One is always reminded of how more scale would help. Banks -- most of the banking industry is, I think, focusing a lot on buying other banks to build a very important scale. 
 At Capital One, we are not looking at bank acquisitions. We are building a national -- I mean -- by the way, we did 4 bank acquisitions in our past that were very important in putting us in a good position of threshold scale in the banking industry. But where we are focused on the banking side is in building a national digital bank. And that's really going to be an organic quest. No company has ever really built one organically, but we like where we are, and we like our chances. 
 Our acquisition focus is looking at technology companies and the fintechs. And I mentioned both of those. We have done acquisition of technology companies where they have some of the tech capabilities that we're building. And since we share a similar tech stack, that's been a compatible thing to do and an accelerant. And then, of course, we are looking at fintechs and Capital One has done a number of those acquisitions in the past as well. 
 We -- it's not lost on us the breathtaking valuations that these companies command. And so we want to be a patient investor, but we are real students of the fintech marketplace because we can learn so much from them. We're inspired by some of the things they come up with and the things that they do, and we partner with some of them to take stakes in some of them and sometimes do acquisitions. 
 I think Capital One is in ideal position as an acquirer of a fintech because of the tech stack that we have. And pretty much every fintech out there -- every modern fintech out there is on the cloud. And I think that the -- they're on the cloud, the tech talent they have is like very similar to our own. 
 Culturally, the whole thing, the emphasis on data and analytics that is behind a number of the fintechs has been a focus of our company since its founding days. So I think that we have some natural advantages on the acquiring side. So for years, we've looked at fintechs and occasionally, made acquisitions, and we certainly are pleased with the ones we have made. 
Jeff Norris: Well, I think that concludes our earnings call for this evening. Thank you for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Holly. And welcome everyone to Capital One's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2021 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Andrew Young, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Andrew will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff. And good afternoon everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the second quarter, Capital One earned $3.5 billion or $7.62 per diluted common share. Included in the results for the quarter was a $55 million legal reserve build. Net of this adjusting item, earnings per share in the quarter was $7.71. On a GAAP basis, pre-provision earnings increased slightly in the sequential quarter to $3.4 billion. We recorded a provision benefit of $1.2 billion in the quarter as $541 million of charge-offs with offset by a $1.7 billion allowance release. Revenue grew 4% in the linked quarter, largely driven by the impact of a strong domestic card purchase volume on non-interest income, and the absence of the mark on our Snowflake investment a quarter ago. Period-end loans held for investments grew $6.5 billion or 3%, inclusive of the effect of moving $4.1 billion of loans to held for sale during the quarter. The loans moved to held for sale consisted of $2.6 billion of an international card partnership portfolio and $1.5 billion in commercial loans. Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the changes in our allowance in the quarter. We released $1.7 billion of allowance, primarily driven by observed strong credit performance and an improved economic outlook. Turning to Slide 5, we provide to be allowance coverage ratios by segment. You can see allowance coverage declined in the quarter across all segments, largely reflecting the dynamics I just described. However, coverage ratios remain well above pre-pandemic levels due to continued economic uncertainty as our allowance is built to absorb a wide range of outcomes.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew. And good evening everyone. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our Credit Card business. Strong year-over-year purchase volume growth drove an increase in revenue compared to the second quarter of 2020, more than offsetting a modest year-over-year decline in loan balance and provision for credit losses improved significantly. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Side 11. Second quarter results reflect building momentum in our domestic card business. As we emerge from the pandemic, consumers are spending more and continuing to make elevated payments. Accelerating purchase volume growth partially offset the impact of historically high payment rates resulting in strong revenue growth and a more modest year-over-year decline in loan balances. High payment rates are continuing to contribute to strikingly strong credit results. Domestic card purchase volume for the second quarter was up 48% from the second quarter of 2020. Purchase volume was up 25% from the second quarter of 2019, which is an acceleration from the first quarter when we saw a growth of 17% versus 2019. T&E spending continues to catch up to overall spending and accelerated through the second quarter. In June, T&E purchase volume was up 3% compared to June of 2019. At the end of the quarter, domestic card loan balances were down $4.1 billion or about 4% year-over-year. Excluding the impact of a partnership portfolio moved to held for sale last year, second quarter ending loans declined about 2% year-over-year. Compared to the sequential quarter, ending loans were up about 5% ahead of typical seasonal growth of 2%.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question, plus a single follow-up. If you have follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Holly, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Absolutely. Thank you so much.  Our first question today will come from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good evening. Want to see if I can get your thoughts on the payment rates. Did you see a peak in the quarter? And if not, if you can talk about the timing of inflection? And then separately, how does that impact your growth assumption for card receivables and the timing on that front? Thanks.
Andrew Young: You know, John, in our card business, payment rates remain at historically high levels. And as you know, government stimulus has been amplifying payment rates. And while these programs have been winding down, customer balance sheets are extremely healthy and payment rates remain elevated. You can see the payment rate trends in our reported trust metrics. And while not a perfect reflection of our total portfolio, Q2 payment rates remain at historically high levels and these high payment rates are muting balance growth even as spend is very strong. And of course, the flip side of high payment rates is strikingly strong credit performance, which drives strong profitability and capital generation. So, we actually are always happy when our customers are paying in high levels and it's indicative of a healthy consumer. And those high-payment rates correlate with the really strong credit results that we continue to see. We are -- if we look at the monthly numbers, we can see, John, a little bit of easing of the payment rates. I don't know if that would be a trend to indicate. It's certainly would be very plausible to me that as consumers now step up and spend more and more and they're going out, returning hopefully back to normal, it would be a natural thing that payment rates would ease a little bit here and that also credit metrics would move toward normalizing a little bit. So I guess, John, I would say, we've seen the earliest of indications of that. It's still running at really quite a breathtaking level.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Rich, putting together the comments you made about the significant amount of excess capital and then the comment in the release about seeing increasing near-term opportunities to build your franchise, could you talk a little bit about whether you're looking at primarily kind of organic opportunities or inorganic ones as well?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, as you know well because you've been there from the beginning in following us and having great insights. We really built our company as sort of wired for organic growth. We installed that in the founding days, what I call horizontal accounting where we track every action and cohort, and everything on a lifetime economic basis and we measure it before and during and afterward to see how it's going. And that -- and so, we always put organic at the top of the list. And here is a great example. I mean, while every bank that's -- every National Bank that's been created has come through many, many acquisitions. We've had some acquisitions in our journey but we are really leaning into an organically driven national growth strategy in banking. So -- and as I said a few minutes ago, we see good organic growth opportunities, which are partly a function of the market and where it is right now and very much these opportunities stand on the shoulders of the technology that we've built in some of the innovations that we're rolling out. On -- with respect to acquisitions, we're not putting any energy or strategic focus on doing bank acquisitions. What we are looking at is technology acquisitions. And really, in fact, there is a spectrum on the technology side with respect to FinTechs and tech companies on the continuum at one end is, just being a partner with them and then next notch on the continuum is being a partner and an investor in them. And you saw that with Snowflake for example and then there are some times acquisitions. All of those have -- we've been active in all of those places on the continuum over the last few years, and I'm struck by the traction and success that we're having. When we look back at some of the acquisitions of little FinTechs for example and tech companies, we are very, very pleased with the performance and in many ways, these things are generally outperforming. One of the big benefits that we have is that we have a modern tech stack so do the FinTechs or tech companies that we're buying. And so, the integration and the compatibility, the ability to attract and then really retain the talent past the -- sort of the contractual period is something that I think leans in our favor. So, lots of positives there. There is one big kind of elephant in the room with respect to acquisitions on the tech side and that's the valuations. So, we've recently gone to several -- a few of these conversations and said, love the company but not at that price. So, we are very aware about the -- where pricing is but strategically, I think if you kind of open the aperture and don't talk about necessarily this very moment, I think for Capital One it's an organic-first strategy but acquisitions of FinTechs and tech companies at the right price, usually be little ones, I think will help fill out our business and accelerate our opportunities.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. Next, we'll hear from Kevin Barker with Piper Sandler.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. Considering the -- we saw in the first -- during 2020, do you expect normalized credit to maybe run below pre-pandemic levels as we go into 2022 and eventually into 2023?
Richard Fairbank: Kevin,  hearing that. But I think we -- it was a little echoey but I think we -- I felt I heard what you were saying there, Kevin. From where we are right now, which is at an extraordinary benign level that virtually has never been seen before in modern times. It's got a ways to go to normalize. We are not choosing to make a prediction on where that is because we want to be coy about it, but because in fact, I think it's a hard thing to predict these days. What we like to talk about is the drivers. So, talking about the drivers, the consumer is in a very strong place right now. And I think what's striking is, and I mentioned this earlier, when you look at what the average consumer and this is average because the experience for an individual consumer can be way different from what I'm describing on average. But the accumulated sort of surplus that consumers have been able to build up is something that even when the government stimulus monthly benefits ease , I think there is a bit of accumulated balance there that will be beneficial for the credit performance of consumers. The -- so we -- there's really only one way for the credit to go from here and that is in normalizing. I think it starts with a bit of a head start and I think that the rate at which it normalizes is going to be pretty linked to consumers' choices on payment rates. And as I mentioned earlier, I think it's a natural thing for payment rates to gradually decline and for credit to gradually normalize. The directions are inevitable, the timing is speculative. Our view is during this period of time let's take advantage of the market opportunity that is here, the place the consumer is but let's also be cognizant of how markets work -- how credit markets work in particular and be on the lookout for some of the natural indicators of overheating.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Rick Shane: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Look, we're -- and this topic has come up a couple of times. We're looking at the reserve rates and thinking about them in the context of day one reserve levels. I'm curious how you now reflect on day one allowance coverage and what that could look like on a long-term basis as we return to normal? I'm curious in particular, if you think some of the policy initiatives we've seen during the crisis change your long-term outlook in terms of potential loss rates?,
Andrew Young: Thanks, Rick. This is Andrew. I'll take that. I think as we look at the allowance, every quarter we're going to take into account a large number of variables and assumptions which would certainly take policy and other factors. And so, as I reflect back on the ratio that we had upon adoption, a lot of things have changed since then. And so, within every single asset class, the mix is going to impact our coverage needs and then you look at overall the balance sheet mix across each of those asset classes will impact things. So, I look at all of those factors and I don't think that the ratio at adoption is necessarily a destination. But I also think that if you put into the formula, like all of the economic assumptions and all of the asset mix, I still believe that the pre-pandemic coverage ratio can still serve as a very rough benchmark of what coverage ratios might look like. But again, it will take into account each successive quarter all of the things that we're looking at in terms of the mix and broad economic assumptions, including policy as you mentioned.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good afternoon.
Andrew Young: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Just a question here on how you're thinking about the opportunity to invest for that account growth. You indicated the account growth is up, maybe give us a sense as to how much more it's up unusual? I know you usually don't give numbers for that, but it would be helpful to understand the benefit that those marketing dollars is generating today? And then how much more you think the opportunity set is here to ramp up the marketing in the back half of the year given the opportunity set that you have in front of you? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, yeah, we don't tend to give out the specific account growth numbers, the origination numbers. But they are strong right now. They're not the strongest that we have ever seen. And we're pleased that they're really quite strong because obviously, there was some weakness a year ago in those kind of numbers. So, we have seen a very solid performance. We feel really good about the account originations. So, we are leaning further into marketing to drive future growth and also to just continue to build the underlying franchise. And as we've said, these opportunities are partly because of what the market has to give right now and partly opportunities that are enhanced by our technology transformation. And the marketing of course is especially going into the card side of the business, but also -- just look on TV, you've seen us steadily investing in national banking. We're very happy with how that's going. And you may have seen for the first time this quarter that we have now gone on National TV in the auto side. So, these are advertising that is debuting some of the technology innovations that we have at Capital One, some of the exceptional customer experiences that we've built. And we're seeing good traction in the origination side of the business. And so, we continue to lean into marketing.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Hey, Rich. I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the tech spend outlook. I saw a report that Capital One was hiring a large amount of software programmers to take advantage of the public cloud move. And then you mentioned FinTech, I was just curious if you thought that the regulatory landscape whenever balance out or is that sort of something that's not going to happen?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Yes, Don. Thank you. So, let me talk about tech and the tech hiring. Winning in technology really kind of begins and ends with one thing, hiring world-class tech talent. And it is the easiest thing to talk about and possibly the hardest thing to pull off in business today. As -- you know, because while this principal is -- this talent principle is true in any business. It is profoundly true in technology as the demand for world-class tech talent vastly exceeds the supply. So, we've built a tech brand and have had great success in attracting top talent. And we're competing head-to-head with the leading technology companies in the US. And we've been leaning into tech hiring for years and this is a strong year of hiring. Most of the new roles we're hiring for are engineering roles in software development, cloud infrastructure, and machine learning. And these are the most sought-after roles in the world and we're getting real traction here. But essentially, if you pull way up and we -- it's more than just words when we say it, we've really been living this which is to from the ground up build a technology company that does banking essentially, what Capital One is. The technology and data are increasingly what the business is and at the heart of that journey is the tech talent. I also mentioned one other thing, Don, is that the cost of technology talent is visibly moving upward right in front of our eyes and I wanted to flag that to investors. That is just something that -- again, it's the natural consequence of the demand greatly exceeding the supply. But -- so I think it's going to be hard for most companies, for all companies to do hiring and get the numbers that they want. We are leaning into that. I think we're in a very good position. But it's -- we're going to need to pay appropriately for that talent. Don, you asked about FinTechs and what we feel about FinTechs, and possibly a comment on the regulatory side. I just have a tremendous interest in FinTechs, maybe that's because Capital One was an original FinTechs before there was such a word. And I look at the FinTech marketplace and I think some of these FinTechs are bringing great innovations to the market. And we very carefully study these innovations and I think that we look at these both as threats to our business, we look at them as opportunities. Maybe we can partner with the FinTechs, in some case, their acquisitions associated with that, and in some cases what they are doing as beacons of opportunity that we can pursue. The FinTechs today, I think what banks have to stare at is that FinTechs today are benefiting from their modern cloud-based technologies and their innovative and entrepreneurial approach to disrupting  markets, the tremendous amount of funding that is out there. I mean for example, these days, the venture capital funding going into FinTechs is close to I think, I don't have this data right in front of me, but it is close to double the next category in terms of the amount of venture funding going into this. So this is pretty electrifying. And the FinTechs benefited from a lower level of regulation than financial institutions have. Now, I don't think, right now, the success of FinTechs that one can look at FinTechs and say the primary reason they're succeeding in areas, sometimes more than the banks are, is because they are less regulated. I think they are succeeding for the factors that we talked about. I think when you look over time and envision these FinTechs with tremendous growth and being large disruptors, it is an elephant in the room relative to what's the regulatory context, the capital that they're going to be carrying, the regulatory requirements, and the levelness of the playing field. So, we certainly have a watchful eye on that. But when we look at the FinTechs, the success we're seeing in them, to me is indicative of the opportunity that exists to re-imagine banking. And that's what we've been focused on for years. And then if we kind of take our focus off of Fintechs for a minute and think about Capital One, like the FinTechs, we have a modern technology infrastructure based in the cloud. We also have other benefits they don't have. I have mentioned most of them. We have tremendous customer scale, a powerful brand, and literally decades of underwriting and banking experience. So, when I pull up, I think we and the FinTechs are well-positioned for success in some ways for the same reasons, in some ways for different reasons. But I think the biggest takeaway of all of this is that the banking industry is changing on an accelerated basis. The competition is unbelievably and increasingly well-funded and we look at that and we say it indicates the magnitude of change, the magnitude of the opportunity, but it also is a -- indicates an imperative that we need to make sure that during the windows of opportunity that we lean in and invest where we need to invest, because these opportunities won't last forever. Thank you, Don.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Next, we'll hear from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. I guess I had a follow-up question on the opportunity in US card for growth. I assume a lot of the account growth that you're seeing right now is coming in the super-prime or the transactor space because of the growth in transaction volumes. Is that correct? And I guess, if we think about the subprime consumer, maybe you could just talk about what their behaviors are today? And how do you see growth from that segment unfolding? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, the -- certainly, what's the biggest newsworthy thing that's happening in the short run is the surge on the super-prime side, the return to travel and entertainment spend powered a lot by heavy spenders. And that you just can feel in a sense the world pent up and just bursting out. And I think that's sort of the biggest news that we see inside our numbers as we look at it. The subprime business I think has been more characteristic of in general, the sort of mass-market of America. And that is -- that things have not been as dramatic in terms of pullbacks nor are they -- is dramatic in terms of leaning in. But we've just continued to take the same strategy we've had in the subprime business really, in the prime business for years and we are carefully leaning into originations and growing the underlying franchise. And then at the right opportunities, raising the lines when we feel that the opportunity and the conditions warrant. So, we continue to lean into originations really, across our business and we are opening up credit lines -- gradually opening up credit lines because we see good results, the consumer is in a pretty good position, our customers are in a good place. And you remember, Sanjay, we talked about the sort of years of holding back on that. It's not like we're unleashing the credit lines right now, but we are sort of net-net more on the opening up side than the tightening side at the moment. And that's of course with a watchful eye on all the key indicators and things that naturally will change because of our credit market's work.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey. Good evening, everyone.
Andrew Young: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: So, Rich, you mentioned several times that you're leaning into marketing. I guess from the outside looking in, how should we assess the return on these investments? Should it come in the form of accelerating growth or improved efficiency? And I guess, Rich, just on the efficiency point, we obviously saw improvement year-over-year for the first time in several quarters. It seems like the top line should be improving. This combined with the technology investments that you're making, at what point do you think you'll be ready to reintroduce the 42% efficiency target or what do we need to see for you to reinstate a timeline for that? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks. Well, first a word on marketing. As I said to Betsy, we are leaning into the marketing right now and sort of leaning a little further into it, because what we do is always so windows driven, as you know, Ryan. And so that's where we are in the marketing side. So, from an efficiency point of view, you notice pretty high levels of spending on marketing. That - marketing goes up, marketing goes down, but that at the moment is been more on the upside. Let me turn and - one thing I want to say about competition if I could just because this is very relevant to these growth conversations and then our pivot to the efficiency point. Most competitors have been - the feel of their earnings calls is they too are leaning into the opportunities that they see at the moment. And we see this - we see competition heating up all around us, especially in rewards. Typically, that's kind of the flashpoints where you see these things the most. But you see it in the marketing and the media activity, we see it in direct mail numbers, we see it in the rewards offerings and the heating up of some of that. And competition is intense right now, Ryan, but it's not yet irrational. But I want to just kind of take the moment to reflect on what I call sort of the physics of competitive cycles. Because I've seen this enough that it's pretty much you can count on these things happening, the timing is always the question. But right now, credit is historically good across the industry and the consumer is in great shape. The longer this persists, the more competition will likely be to extrapolate these trends to inform their decision-making. And this can embolden them to make more aggressive offers, market more intensely, and a particular one I worry about, loosening underwriting standards. And in this particular environment, the benign rearview mirror could encourage lenders to reach for growth and it could be exacerbated by credit modeling that relies on consumer credit data that frankly may be very unique to the downturn and not as good for predicting where credit performance is going to be over time. Ryan, if you're building a credit model right now and you're looking back at the data on the last year or two, what are you going to do with that with respect to what that tells you about the next time things turn down. So the - and there is also a lot of earnings and capital and liquidity in the system, and then you've got the FinTechs that are really revving up as I talked about earlier. So the - there - even as we're leaning into this opportunity, we remind ourselves every day that the seeds for the next challenges coming up in the credit cycle as opposed to the economic cycle in the credit cycle, these seeds are being planted right now. And so, what we do is, we don't just look at our models to make decisions  way up and we have a very watchful eye for the key indicators of these not only likely, basically inevitable things to happen and then we will act accordingly, we just never want to be surprised. Let me turn to talk about operating efficiency. We've been focused on improving our operating efficiency ratio for years. And from 2013 to 2019, we delivered 400 basis points of improvement with the combination of revenue growth and tight expense management. And of course, the pandemic interrupted our progress, particularly on revenue growth. As it turns out, the pandemic also accelerated the technology race and raised the stakes for all players across many industries and frankly, particularly in banking. And so, as I talked about earlier, I think everyone can feel the clock ticking. Companies, everybody in banking feeling the clock ticking on their tech readiness. The investment flowing into the FinTechs, the arms race for talent. And so, we are struck by the emerging opportunities in the marketplace, they are significant, but the windows aren't unlimited. So, we feel we're very well positioned on this. But, we are continuing to invest in this moment in our technology and in the opportunities that we see out there. So, meanwhile, we continue to focus on operating efficiency. Our tech transformation is the engine of long-term efficiency gains, both through revenue growth and digital productivity gains. So, continuing to invest in our technology opportunities and driving for efficiency improvements are on a shared path. We're still driving towards the same destination of operating efficiency, but the timing of our operating efficiency improvement needs to incorporate the imperatives of the current marketplace. And delivering positive operating leverage over time continues to be one of the important pay-offs of our technology journey and a key element of how we deliver long-term shareholder value.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Absolutely. Next, we'll hear from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Rich, as you think about the process of normalization of payment rates and revolve rates that you described, would you expect that to provide an incremental tailwind to loan growth such that we could actually see loan growth outpace spending growth as we look ahead?
Richard Fairbank: I think one of the things that I think the banking industry -- I mean, we've talked about this relationship between payment rates and growth from time to time but I think it's been more of an occasional conversation with the street. And I think the whole banking industry and the investment community has really sort of collectively gone through and learned an important lesson here about the metric that really honestly wasn't talked about that much which is payment rates and the profound impact payment rates has on both loan growth and in fact, credit performance. And the striking thing is, it's not only empirical that relationship, but it's intuitive as well, which to me really reinforces -- there is something very important here. And as I've said to you, we kind of route for higher payment rates. Because I think it reflects a healthier consumer even and we get paid on the credit side and sometimes paid very well as you can see here. But it is a natural thing that will happen over time, the normalization of credit will very likely come along with the lowering of payment rates. And that in turn is likely sort of mathematically all other things being equal, that will be a boost to loan growth. So, when you say will -- but I think for those numbers to move significantly enough to in fact, have loan growth lead the rate of growth relative to metrics like spending and some of the other things or for us originations and things like that, that's got quite a journey to do to get there. I'm not saying that it won't, but I wouldn't run to the bank counting on a loan growth topping the lead tables of the various growth metrics. But I think what is baking -- what really essentially is baking in the oven is a gradual normalization of credit, correspondingly for the same reason a lowering of payment rates. And we are probably seeing the very early -- sort of on a monthly basis, the very early indicators of that phenomenon.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Bob Napoli: Thank you and good afternoon. Rich, appreciate your comments on FinTech and how you're looking at partnering, buying, and et cetera. But I just was hoping to get maybe a little bit more color and your thoughts around what areas of FinTech? I know, it's been a few years since you bought Paribus, the online price tracking. But there's a lot of -- there is, as you talk about all that investment, it's going into a very broad group of -- whether it's buy now pay later, B2B payments, wealth management, business spend management, kind of charge card business spend management areas. So I just wondered what areas are most attractive to you where we would see partnerships or acquisitions?
Richard Fairbank: Bob, what we do is -- and you mentioned a bunch of interesting areas, for example. But what we do is rather than say these three areas are our priority areas and let's go look for FinTech. We have a -- and this is one of the -- really, one of the benefits of years on our tech transformation is we see opportunities in a lot of areas across the portfolio of businesses that we're in. And so, rather than say these three here are the priority, let's go see what we can partner with or buy. What we do is we massively study the FinTech marketplace across all the areas that we are also leaning into. Frankly, we study it beyond that because we can learn a lot. So -- and then what we do is, the sheer learning alone is worth the effort. And so, we go to school on this and we try to say -- a bunch of times, we say, wow, look at that. They thought us that idea. We did it in Capital One, they're good or bad but look, let's see what we can learn from that. And -- but also along the way. We look across that continuum of partnering, investing, or buying these things, but if we really look from the other end of the telescope rather than what we need, what we look for is what do we find -- and especially, what do we find relative to a company with the talent and the culture and the business model that would be really accelerative to us. And so, every once in a while we do an acquisition and -- but there is a lot of focus on that particular business model. We always ask ourselves, could we build that rather than buy it. And then we really look hard at the talent, because in the end, what really has made our most successful acquisitions has been that the talent comes, stays, and leads becomes leading executives in the company. And so, that's how it works. And a lot of times, we don't buy anything but we always come out having learned a lot, Bob. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Well. Thanks, everybody for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, Investor Relations team will be available in just a few minutes if you have any further questions. Have a great night.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Keith, and welcome everybody to Capital One's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please logon to the Capital One website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2021 results.
Andrew Young: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the first quarter, Capital One earned $3.3 billion or $7.03 per diluted common share. Pre-provision earnings increased 1% in the quarter to $3.4 billion and we recorded a provision benefit of $823 million. After recognizing $535 million of gains during 2021 on our Snowflake investment, we had a loss on our position in the first quarter of $75 million or $0.12 per share. We've now fully exited our position with a cumulative gain of $460 million. Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. In the first quarter, we released $1.6 billion of allowance. The release was driven by strong credit performance across all of our businesses and a more favorable economic outlook that includes the $1.9 trillion stimulus package passed in March. Our allowance continues to assume that the relationship between economic metrics and credit performance reverts to historical patterns. And despite the strong credit performance and more favorable economic outlook, we continue to hold significant qualitative factors to account for a number of remaining uncertainties. Turning to Slide 5, I'll provide some detail on the allowance coverage by segment. After the impact of the $1.6 billion allowance release, our coverage levels declined modestly across all segments from the prior quarter and remained well above pre-pandemic levels. Our Domestic Card coverage is now 10.5%, down from 10.8% last quarter. Our Branded Card coverage is 12.1%. Recall that the difference between Branded and Domestic coverage is driven by the loss-sharing agreement in our partnership portfolio. Coverage in our consumer business declined 38 basis points to 3.6%, and coverage in our commercial banking business fell 23 basis points to 2%.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Andrew, and it's great to have you as our CFO. I'll begin on Slide 10 with our Credit Card business. Year-over-year credit card loan balances and revenue declined in the first quarter, driven by the continuing impact of the pandemic. Purchase volume rebounded compared to the first quarter of 2020. And the biggest driver of quarterly results was the provision for credit losses, which improved significantly. Credit Card segment results are largely a function of our Domestic Card results and trends, which we show on Slide 11. For the third consecutive quarter, the story of our Domestic Card business continues to be two sides of the same coin. Historically, high payment rates amplified by the effects of government stimulus continue to put pressure on loan balances. And on the flip side, the same factors are driving exceptional credit performance.
Jeff Norris: Thank you. Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. And if you have follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  We’ll take our first question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good evening. Want to see if you could talk a little bit about the long growth outlook, perhaps maybe a timing of the inflection, just given us as stimulus benefits, ultimately abate and payment rates peak. And I want to see similarly when you would expect to see that peaking of payment rates or at least an inflection there. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: All right. Thanks, John. Good evening. The growth story is, I’m sure you’re mostly focused on card with that question, so let me turn there. It is really striking that of all the asset classes, one really stands sort of unique in the industry as the one asset class that shrank since the start of the pandemic and that’s Credit Card. And of course that’s because it is a discretionary spending and borrowing product. In the current environment, the biggest drivers of card growth are spend and payment behavior, and of course the traction that we’re getting in the marketplace. Let’s just talk about spend for a minute, which is recovering.
John Pancari: Thanks, Rich, for all that detail. That’s helpful. Just one quick follow-up on the marketing side and you indicated that you’re still continuing to lean in there. The low single-digit growth year-over-year marketing expense was better than we had expected. Could you just possibly give us a way to think about how much of a lean in that you’re looking at here incrementally as we look at the remainder of the year? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, John. So, from marketing point of view, this first and foremost is going to be powered by what we see on the opportunity to grow originations. Marketing and originations are really something that’s very linked, of course, outstandings growth is not as closely linked in time or as directly. But so we see good opportunities to grow account originations and we’re investing in marketing consistent with those opportunities. In card, we’re certainly – in all our businesses, we’re leaning in where we see some signs of strength. We also are continuing and sort of increasingly so to tell our story in terms of the customer experience we’re building, some of the benefits of our technology we’re building, and that’s part of our story that gets reflected in the marketing. And that’s something that powers the growth as well. And then we’re continuing to invest in our brand and our national banking strategy. So that’s why it kind of pulling way up with the collective set of opportunities we’re seeing we’re continuing to lean in to the market.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening, guys. Maybe to ask about capital. So, if I look at the 11% target, you have over $10.5 billion of excess, you’ve got $3.5 billion of reserves above day one. And if I look at expectations, I think the market’s looking for almost $10 billion of earnings the next few quarters. So I wanted to get a sense for how we should think about capital allocation, timing of the execution of the $7.5 billion you previously announced. And could we see either upsizing of the current program into the next year, or how do we think about the ability to sustain capital returns at these levels? Thanks.
Andrew Young: Sure, Ryan. I’ll take that. It’s Andrew. The first thing I would highlight is, as you know, we’re still under the capital preservation rules from the Fed. So in the second quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our repurchase capacity is going to be limited to just under $1.7 billion and we will also be limited to our prior dividend. And so we recognize that capital distribution is important component of our returns and our current position, and at least the prospects of earnings from here. So how quickly we complete that $7.5 billion that the board has already authorized is going to tieback to any unforeseen additional regulatory restrictions, but also trading volumes in our stock, and then just taking a step back and looking holistically at our capital position. But what I can say is we’re excited at the prospect of moving under the SCB framework in the third quarter. So we’ll have more flexibility in our choices looking ahead.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Rich, you mentioned the strikingly strong credit backdrop. I’m just curious, using your analogy of sort of borrowing through the mountain, so do you think we’d get through to the other side with this round of stimulus? And maybe I’ll just ask my follow-up now. Andrew, maybe you could just give us some sense of how the NIM projects for the rest of the year, understanding there’s different puts and takes, maybe you could just walk us through your sort of baseline assumption? Thank you.
Andrew Young: Yes, Sanjay. So I think the main factor, particularly in the near-term with NIM is going to depend on how that pandemic impacts our balance sheet. Most notably what you’ve seen over the last few quarters in terms of asset mix and deposit balances and our cash position, I think those are the things that are mostly going to have the impact for the next few quarters. I think over the longer term, I’d expect our cash position and the size of the investment portfolio to come back down to more normal levels, I’ll call it, and be a tailwind to NIM all else equal. But it’s again important to know that the uncertainty of what we’re seeing in deposit volumes and the impact of payment rates, as Rich said on loan growth, those are all factors that are going to create some variability and uncertainty in them in the near-term.
Richard Fairbank: And Sanjay, with respect to your credit question and the burrowing through the mountain metaphor, let me just kind of pull up and give thoughts about what’s going on with credit. The U.S. consumer continues to demonstrate striking resilience. And consumers went into this downturn with like twice the savings rate that they had before the great recession, lower payment obligations and none of the structural issues they faced a decade ago with the housing sector. And because everything sort of went into vertical, a drop at once as the pandemic began, they certainly reacted strongly and rationally, and launched this trilogy of behaviors of spending less, saving more and paying down debt. And then of course, the year end of the pandemic, direct government support to consumers, including enhanced unemployment benefits remains in place. And in fact, last month, in March, was the single largest month of direct government payments to consumers in dollar terms since the pandemic began. And the consumer savings rate was 17% in the first two months of 2021 more than doubled what we saw before the pandemic and something like five times what it was in the years before the great recession. And then we also have the forbearance factor. Although forbearance is winding down in card and auto, it is still relatively widespread for student loans and mortgages. And as we’ve said before, the benefits of some of these effects like higher savings are probably cumulative to some extent, improving consumer balance sheets in ways that could lead to some sustained credit benefits. And now to the metaphor that I know I use all the time, every month that the consumer remains healthy, we’re burrowing a longer tunnel underneath the mountain of still high unemployment. And we’re reducing the cumulative losses through this downturn rather than just delaying the impacts. Now we should all keep in mind a few things here. There remains a great deal of uncertainty. As you know, COVID cases remain elevated, new variants continue to emerge. And while the U.S. has been moving in a pretty good direction, of course, a lot of the world is moving in the other direction with respect to COVID. The economy while improving still has a lot of strain elements in it. And so that we still look at this just extraordinary kind of paradox of the separation of some of what happened to the economy and what happened to consumer credit. But we should all keep in mind, the uncertainty that still remains out there. And then there’s one other point that I just like to put on the table here. In the spirit of pattern recognition, I do want to flag that this period of unusually strong credit could lay the groundwork for credit worsening down the road as an industry point. And let me elaborate on that just for a moment here. Reliance on consumer credit characteristics that may be more temporary driven by things like stimulus and forbearance can be a real challenge for credit modeling. And the benign rear view mirror could encourage lenders to reach for growth and to loosen underwriting standards, which as you know, can invite adverse selection. And then overlay on top of that, the excess liquidity and capital that’s out there, and that could push lenders to stretch for less resilient business. So what we have here is a pretty benign period where we are right now. We’re also watching the physics of how markets, not only economic markets, but how credit markets work. And so what we’re doing at Capital One is leaning into the opportunities that we have. But by having a view of how the physics of some of these things work, we’re very much watching out for that in all the choices that we make. And it’s again, another reason why we’re focusing as always on making sure that we book resilient business. So pulling way up, we’re not ready to predict that the tunnel comes out just all the way across the mountain. And we are talking about some topography that can exist out there longer run as the consequences of some of the physics of how the current situation lasts. But those are some thoughts on the credit environment, Sanjay.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Don Fandetti: Rich, can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing on used car values in April? We’ve heard from some competitors that cars are barely on the lot for a day. And then what is your strategy on loan growth? Because competition obviously is picking up across the board, yet the returns are still very attractive. How are you thinking about that business?
Richard Fairbank: So, Don, the used car prices are pretty electrifying here. Auction prices ended the quarter at all-time high, driven by strong demand and persistent constraints on new vehicles supply. And over time we still expect auction prices to normalize as these vehicles supply constraints work themselves out. But the time horizon for normalization has expanded given the strong recovery of demand and the continuing stress on global supply chains. So for example, microprocessors shortages have held back new vehicle production for some time. The first quarter saw disruptions due to winter weather events, and that impacted petrochemical supplies used for parts. And then most recently rubber shortages have manifested themselves. So the supply is shortage, there are signs of it everywhere. And for example, we see rental car companies are normally a source of used vehicle supply, but they have very lean fleets at the moment with little access to sell. So we still expect auction prices to normalize over time. And a very important thing is in our underwriting, we make conservative assumptions with faster normalization now. With that very unusual context there, and again, my view is that we cannot underwrite under an assumption that we’re going to get the benefit of those things. It’s certainly something we’re enjoying on our portfolio. But as we always do, and particularly at this point, we need to look past that in our underwriting and that’s certainly what we’re doing. With respect to growth, industry retail auto sales were strong in the first quarter and especially in March. And in addition to tax refund seasonality, I’m sure payments, stimulus payments likely really held strong sales both in the new and the used vehicle segments. So at Capital One over the course of the pandemic, we actually have – we tightened up in certain segments, especially, early on, but we are still probably net tighter than we were at the outset. We’re watching things closely, but we have benefited by the tide rising for everyone in the industry, certainly it’s been a very exceptional time. But also on top of that, our investments in industry-leading technology products have allowed us to maintain very strong relationships with dealers during these uncertain times and generate the ability to have less in-person face-to-face interaction during the pandemic has also really helped lift the digital products and the digital capabilities that we have both for customers and for dealers. So we have found on top of the rising tide, maybe a little bit of extra boost at Capital One, but I've also said that even more so than the card business, the auto business is hypersensitive to sort of the level of competition. And that's because a dealer sits there and holds an auction in ways that doesn't happen in a direct-to-consumer business like card. So it's not lost on us that – the tide rising everywhere in auto has caused quite a buoyancy in the auto business, so what we're going to do is continue to lean into the opportunities at that moment. But again to use my physics term, again, really keep a watchful eye on the physics of how the markets work and be looking for some of those things that can come on the side of excessive competition, as well as over time a breaking of the extraordinary things going on, a normalization of the used car prices.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rick Shane, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rick Shane: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions this afternoon. When we look at the non-interest income, particularly in the domestic card business, it seems to be decoupling and outperforming the increase in spend. I'm curious how much of that is being driven by some sort of release of suppressed fees or how we should be thinking about catalysts for that?
Andrew Young: Hey, Rick, it's Andrew. This suppression is actually flowing through net interest income. So that's not driving it. I think the biggest driver, if you're looking at it on a margin basis is we're seeing spend volume and interchange spend growing at a faster rate than loans. So that's providing a little bit of a tailwind to non-interest income as it relates to overall revenue margin in card.
Rick Shane: Okay, great. That – I think that helps, but if we look at the year-over-year increase in spend and we look at the year-over-year increase in non-interest income, there's still a pretty significant gap. One of the things that's always a little bit hard to figure out with Capital One is where some of the rewards run through, is it a function potentially of lower rewards rates given what's going on in the market or is there something else as well?
Andrew Young: Yeah, I don't think there's a big story there with respect to rewards or interchange Rick.
Rick Shane: Okay. I will follow up offline, thank you guys.
Andrew Young: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. Rich I was hoping to go back to the competitive dynamic, maybe a little less from a credit standpoint, but you guys have taken some actions recently with respect to your T&E products. Just talk a little bit about the rewards environment at your high end consumers, and then maybe the things that you did discuss with respect to kind of concerns about the competitive environment and what it kind of, how it informs your credit line increase side of the business?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Moshe, great questions there. Let's kind of pull up and talk about card competition. Competition can show up in a variety of ways, including the marketing intensity, the product offers, including there the upfront bonuses, enhanced rewards, pricing and other things. Competitive intensity is back to a tie levels, particularly as you point to Moshe in the reward space, at the higher end, the heavy spender end. Let's talk about marketing, marketing and media spend obviously dropped dramatically in the second quarter and since then activity has steadily increased. We get our data on a bit of a lag basis, but I feel it's very likely that marketing levels are now at or above pre-pandemic levels. The rewards offerings remain intense. And let's talk about some of the elements of that. Upfront bonuses have actually been relatively stable with some modest increases, mainly in the travel space and likely in anticipation of returning demand. As far as for rewards earned on spend, we've seen additional categories like groceries and restaurants qualify for enhanced rewards over the past year. And while the shifts have slowed down, reward levels overall remain high. And we've even seen a couple of a few competitors talk about still planning to be tinkering with their rewards here. So I think it's a very natural thing that's happened with spending having been way down. And also some of the things Moshe that are naturally rewarded are not the activities people tend to be doing that much of right now. There's been somewhat of a mixed change and I think a forward lean by the industry on this. So I think it's – the thing that I've said so often about the card business, these days, I think it's very competitive industry, but there's a rationality to it that I'm pretty struck by and one that I would not use, some of those terms to describe some of the other markets that we're in. So what are we doing, we are continuing to look at our opportunities lean into where we have opportunities. I think we feel good with the general structure of the rewards products we have, but we do know that competition is high and it's probably going to be increasing. We ourselves are going to lean into to marketing and – but, I don't necessarily see some sort of dramatic changes in the structure of offers out there to change to us the attractiveness of this. Part of the thing is, most of us operate on a relatively thin net margin, because while interchange rates are high, we are passing most of the interchange rates on to consumers in the form of really attractive deals. So pulling way up, we continue to like our opportunities. We have a lot of years of experience with the high level of intensity and I think we should probably prepare for that.
Moshe Orenbuch: Then on the other side of the  increases, yeah.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, Moshe. Yeah. So as you know gosh, think about the number of years we talked about even before that the pandemic probably for 18 months, maybe Moshe we were talking about kind of pulling back onlines when the – we were – the recovery was so long in the tooth and we saw some of the things going on in the marketplace. So we took a pretty conservative policy with lines. And then during the pandemic, we took a particularly conservative strategy with lines. And so that contains some potential energy, as we've always talked about. It turns into kinetic energy when of course, we grant the line increases and there's more opportunity for people to spend. And the opening of lines has been something we've been doing over the last number of months. It's been kind of invisible with – to the outside world in terms of growth, because it's getting washed over by the extraordinary payment rates, but we continue to see an opportunity to open up some of the lines gradually and Moshe, I think that represents an extra part of growth opportunity. We're not doing anything really dramatic, but it's just part of the gradual leaning into the opportunity with what we're seeing with the performance of our customers.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening. I'll ask my questions upfront on efficiency. Rich, can you give us an update on how you're thinking about the strategic significance of your physical branch footprint? Is there any room for the branch optimization, either to fund further investments in the digitization of the business or simply extract greater efficiencies? And then also, if you could give us an update on the cloud migration, that would be great.
Andrew Young: Okay. Bill, so let me start with the branches, as you know Capital One has over the years sort of leaned into the closing branches in conjunction with our building of our more national banking business, and also the – all the digital investments we were making, because we spent so much energy on creating an experience that doesn't need to have a branch on every corner. And we've been pleased with our strategy so far. But there's – we don't, I think there's more of a continuation of where we are, I think we're in – continuing to lean into the same strategy we've had for quite a period of time there. So I wouldn't look at our network and say, wow, there's a huge kind of potential to unleash there. We've just been gradually making our choices and continuing to develop our digital opportunities, watching customer behavior and then just continue down the same path. With respect to our cloud strategy, as you know we completely exited data centers last year. So we are 100% in the cloud. And we are enjoying the benefits of being in the public cloud, the hassle free access to infrastructure. The ability to ride the incredible wave of innovation that's happening on the cloud, both from the cloud providers as well as from the rest of the world software companies that are building on the cloud. So this is something we've been, you know many years in the making and we're happy to be all-in on the cloud. But it doesn't mean our journey is done on the cloud we find as we get there, there's – the opportunity to build many more capabilities, the opportunity to really enhance resilience, operating resilience, fail over capabilities, efficiency, the ability to over time move. Basically one of the real benefits of the cloud is the ability to abstract the developers from being burdened with the details of the infrastructure that they're operating on. And the cloud itself is in an abstractor of that the infrastructure worked for a developer, but within – if you just look at what's happening to cloud, the continuing migration sort of abstracting up the tech stack and where cloud has gone with containers, and now where it's going with serverless, just continues to liberate developers so that they can focus on doing what they came to do, which is to create great things and ship products. Now, all of that doesn't happen automatically, companies have to continue to stay on the forefront. So Capital One is continuing to invest in the serverless side of the business for example, as we continue to move the level of abstraction up the tech stack and create opportunity for the software to be developed faster, more effectively and safer.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good afternoon.
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I had a couple of questions one on – just Rich, in thinking about the marketing investment spend and also the opportunity to pick up some new customers. Just wanted to understand the kind of timeframe that you think you'll be getting that return on investment relative to maybe pre-COVID? And I'm wondering if it might be a longer timeframe to get that return on investment, given the stimulus that's in people's pockets right now, or could it be the same because the target market you're going after is not a stimulus receiver, just trying to think out loud about how that's going to happen?
Richard Fairbank: Well, the first thing to think about marketing always is good marketing, while it can influence balance levels, marketing is really about growth of a franchise, growth of accounts and building brand and those kinds of things. So I think a way to think about the pandemic is that it took a company like Capital One and our card business, and just set us back like 15% behind the starting line. And that's a pretty jarring thing to happen in our flagship business in a very successful and profitable business, but this whole payment phenomenon essentially did that. Now in that context, as we start farther behind the starting line, as we look at the opportunity to grow accounts, the opportunity to build the franchise, the opportunity to get out there with some of our really great digital products and things like this, the ability to – and of course on the banking side, the ability to grow the national bank that is still very – that opportunity is still very much there. And isn't really – it isn't really that changed by the pandemic. Now on the outstanding side, first of all have the pay-down story. So that definitely is pushing us and others farther back, all other things being equal. There's the – sort of the issue for how much credit demand there that we'll see from folks on that. We certainly have the spend weakness on the travel side of the business as well. So I think that we feel the effectiveness of our marketing in building the franchise is very much like it was before. The outstandings metrics of the company started farther behind and they have headwinds to them. But – since we've always talked about, if payment rates stay high, we're going to have to live with all the great credit performance that we have, and the earnings and the ability to distribute capital. So the benefits come in a different way, but we are very focused on continuing to build the franchise. And I think Capital One is in a similar position to do that as we were pre-pandemic in many ways, maybe even a little bit better position, because we're farther along on our tech transformation. Do you have follow-up Betsy?
Operator: We'll take our final question this evening from John Hecht with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Hecht: Afternoon, thanks for fitting me in here. You've talked about competition quite a bit on this call, but maybe an extension at it, I guess, how does the calculus of competition change with all these Neo banks and the other kind of digital product platforms you're competing for first time customers? Does it change anything with respect to the opportunity set?
Richard Fairbank: John, let's talk about that from a couple of perspectives. First of all, as I often say, Capital One was one of the original fintechs before anybody used that word. So I think fintechs are particularly near and dear to my heart and I watch with tremendous interest. The growth of fintechs, there are some of the really clever innovation they're coming up with, we should all know of course, that all of these fintechs are born in the cloud, they're starting with modern technology, and that already gives them a bunch of advantages relative to a lot of banks. I think, Capital One being in the cloud, I think has been – it's in a sort of much better position competitively relative to that, but we – what we should all favor about the fintechs is the modern tech platform they have and that's – it's always – and I think those advantages are larger nowadays than they were in the past, because the difference between being built on a modern tech stack versus not is just a greater advantage and something that's motivated us to do a very big tech transformation as you know. So the – and the fintechs journey is not just sort of use some clever technology, they're also very much positioning themselves to take advantage of some of the opportunities to gather more data, different data than typically gathered and to leverage it in real time, so there are some bunch of impressive things there. When we look at the fintechs, we are both generally impressed. We think that they do represent threats to the business, but to us I think they are very much also just a good examples of the kind of innovation that's possible and the kind of innovation that companies like Capital One who are in the cloud with on a modern tech stack, the kind of things that we can do as well. So we look at it from that perspective and we fire it, worrying and inspiring at the same time. Then you have the lending side of business. I want to make a special comment about lending. Half an hour ago, I put a caution note out there that we've got to – that I worry about we are in the marketplace lending goes from here with people building models that are looking at a recession that was very, very unusual with sort of spectacular credit. And I worry particularly about fintechs who are not that experienced in some of the credit choices they can do and the impact on our marketplace. So I think the fintechs and you can see in the commentary by banks, I think banks are becoming a lot more sort of realizing the scale, the growth, the collective size of the growth rate and the innovation that the fintechs are bringing. And they're going to be a force to reckon with, and to us there are continued impetus that we've got to lean forward, we've got to continue on our tech transformation, and we need to lead the way ourselves with innovation.
John Hecht: Appreciate that. Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on the conference this evening, and thanks for your interest in Capital One. And as a reminder, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you might have. Have a great night everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much Keith and welcome everybody to Capital One's fourth quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log onto Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2020 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks Jeff and good afternoon everyone. I'll start on Slide 3 of tonight's presentation. In the fourth quarter Capital One earned $2.6 billion or $5.35 per common share. For the full year Capital One earned $2.7 billion or $5.18 per share. Included in EPS for the quarter were two small adjusting items which were outlined on the slide. Net of these adjusting items, earnings per share for the quarter was $5.29. Full year 2020 adjusted earnings per share was $5.79. In addition to the adjusting items in the quarter, we recorded an equity investment gain of $60 million or $0.10 per share related to our equity stake in Snowflake. For the full year the investment gain was $535 million or around $0.89 per share. Turning to Slide 4, I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. In the fourth quarter, we released $593 million of allowance primarily in our card business. Economic assumptions underlying our allowance included unemployment of around 8% at the end of 2021 and the impacts of the $900 billion stimulus package passed in December. The release was driven by the strong credit performance we have observed and by the new stimulus bills. In our allowance we continue to assume that the relationship between economic metrics and credit quickly reverts to historic norm and we've added significant additional qualitative factors for COVID related uncertainty. In our commercial business, we charged off certain energy loans and released allowance for the specific reserves that were previously established for those loans.
Rich Fairbank: Thanks Scott. As I think everyone on this call knows Scott shared with me in November that he would be leaving Capital One to join a tech startup, while he will be here through March 15. This will be Scott's last earnings call. I'm going to take a moment and thank you Scott for giving so much of your life to Capital One over this past decade including the last five years as our CFO. You've built strong relationships with our shareholders and across the investment community and you've always brought their external perspectives through our work inside of Capital One. You've been a key advisor and partner for me and for the board and a strong leader in our company. I'm particularly grateful for the legacy you've built. Transforming finance technology, strengthening processes and controls, building a great team of talented leaders including your successor Andrew Young. We will miss you and I'm sure you will continue to do great things. With that, let me turn to our domestic card business. Exceptional credit performance was the biggest driver of domestic card financial results in the quarter. The domestic card charge-off rate for the quarter 2.69%, a 163 basis points improvements year-over-year and a 95 basis point improvement from the sequential quarter. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.42%, a 151 basis points better than the prior year. The delinquency rate was up 21 basis points from the linked quarter consistent with typical seasonal patterns. Fourth quarter provision for credit losses improved by $1.1 billion year-over-year driven by the allowance released that Scott discussed and lower charge-offs. Several factors are driving continued credit strength. Consumers are behaving cautiously spending less, saving more and paying down debt. These behaviors have been amplified by the accumulative effect of unusually large government stimulus and widespread forbearance across the banking industry. Our own longstanding resilience choices put us in a strong position going into the pandemic and our strategic investments in digital technology and transformation are paying off in enhanced capabilities and underwriting better powering our performance and response to the pandemic. Strikingly strong consumer credit has persisted throughout 2020 even after the expiration of several parts of the CARES Act. Uncertainty about future credit trends remains high especially in the context of an evolving pandemic that is difficult to predict. As Scott discussed that uncertainty informs our allowance for credit loss.
Jeff Norris: Thanks Rich. Scott let me add my personal thanks for all the coaching and leadership. It's been a pleasure to work with you over the years and I wish all the success as you go forward. And now we'll start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question. Please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session. The Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  we'll take our first question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rick Shane: Scott, congratulations and Andrew I think when you look back Scott leaving you with $15.5 billion reserve is probably the best gift he could give you. I wanted to talk a little bit about that, when we look versus day one, the reserve is now up $5 billion. I'm curious when we look at the current credit metrics. What do you think that scenarios would have to be to actually really utilize that reserve over the lifetime?
Scott Blackley: Rick, well thanks for your kind words and I appreciate both Rich and Jeff saying such nice things. It's been honestly just a privilege to be at this company and its certainly tough place to leave. But let me return to your question. In terms of the allowance, you're right that when you look at our coverage levels versus our current level of losses and delinquencies there's a big gap and I would just point out that, that is because right now our allowance is built to absorb a very wide range of outcomes which gives sense, which is sensible given kind of the circumstance that we're in at the moment and so I think that the biggest driver where the allowance might go and what might drive releases is frankly just certainty and narrowing down the range of possible outcomes. I think could come from things like macroeconomic factors like unemployment or pandemic specific variables like broader rollouts of the vaccines, reduced restrictions on people's movements and activities and things like that. So to me it feels like that certainty is more likely to happen overtime versus the step function so I think we'll see the allowance kind of play out in measured ways overtime.
Rick Shane: Got it, okay. Thank you and we're looking forward to seeing you in the Bay Area.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Congratulations Scott. I guess I have a question on marketing expense and efficiency ratio target that you guys outlined some time ago. When we look at the marketing expense, it seems like run rate wise we're back to 2019 levels on a quarterly basis. Can you guys actually exceed that going forward is there's opportunity in the market size? And then as far as the efficiency ratios concerned, I mean how long before we can get back to the 52% target that you had outlined, Rich?
Rich Fairbank: Sanjay, good evening. We're not making specific guidance about marketing as you know this is while there are certain things that are sort of mostly fixed about our marketing expenditures, a lot of it is based on real-time assessment of prospects for resilient growth in the competitive marketplace. But let me just kind of pull up and talk about our journey this year with respect to marketing. we pulled back early in the crisis but since increased marketing spend as you saw in Q4 and as expected the increase from Q3 was meaningfully higher than typical seasonal patterns. Right now, we are seeing opportunities to invest. We continue to invest in our brand, in our national banking strategy and in our card businesses we're leaning in where we see signs of strength and we feel pretty good about origination opportunities and these are enhanced by our tech transformation as well. So we're keeping a very watchful eye on the marketplace, but we do see opportunities and we're investing in them. And with respect to efficiency, we still believe that we're on the path to achieve the efficiency targets that we have talked about in prior years driven by growth and digital productivity gains and really enabled by our tech transformation. The pandemic has really impacted the timing of when we get particularly on revenue growth. Now we feel good about our current revenue trajectory and we're still on the same efficiency journey. But how the pandemic and the recession will play out remains uncertain and how the growth opportunity unfolds and also the sort of the great credit paradox with the strength of credit also comes the high payment rates which certainly it's a great thing for the overall financial performance of the company that's another thing that holds back the growth. So we're leaning into really in the growth opportunities but and we're on the same kind of heading to the same destinations we talked about before. But we're not giving guidance about the timing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Wolf Research.
Bill Carcache: Let me add my congratulations. Scott, I wanted to ask about the buyback authorization. Is it reasonable to expect that you seem to be as aggressive as possible and executed on it such that you continue to do the form up by the end of 2021 assuming a favorable backdrop where the fed withdraws payout restrictions? And then within that, how are you guys thinking about the regulatory capital impacted the CECL  for day one and two under the CARES Act.
Scott Blackley: Thanks for the question Bill. With respect to the share buyback program I think the most important thing I just want to underscore is that, the $7.5 billion that was authorized by the board really underscores our commitment to returning excess capital to the shareholders and I think that we're certainly excited to start that journey. As we think about capital deployment, the hierarchy there is first capital to growth opportunities and then share buybacks and dividends to follow and I would just point out in our past practice you can see that we manage share buybacks dynamically and we take into account market conditions, relative value, our holistic view on where we are in our capital position. In the first quarter we'll be limited $500 million I mentioned that based on the fed rules, after that the pacing of the share repurchase are really going to be guided by the factors I just talked about and by any regulatory guidelines that we might see. I'll just say that, we find our current valuation compelling and with over $8 billion of excess capital, we're really looking forward to getting started on the program.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to John Hecht with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
John Hecht: Rich, you embarked on your digital banking transformation several years ago and at that point of time the attempt was to scale a traditional bank and using a digital platform where you could do lot more for your customers and really with simple side fashion over digital channels that digital banking I think has changed with the development of companies like  and some of the fintech companies kind of getting into call center banking offerings with digital wallets with no asset. I'm wondering, does that - the development of migration of digital banking overall, does that effect how you see investments going forward to Capital One?
Rich Fairbank: Well everything that we see John I think reinforces our conviction about the strategy that we have and the journey that we're on and the destination we're so energetically pursuing. First of all, talk about the pandemic. I don't think the pandemic changed much about the destination of banking but it changed the timing of that because it accelerated the digital journey and one thing that's been so striking about banking products and even banking products relative to credit card products is the stickiness and the inertia inherent in the customer relationships that have existed sometimes for many decades and so one of the challenges for any digital bank is, how do you go after that inertia and create something compelling enough to cause people to switch and so it's really nice being on in a sense the right side of history because we can see the direction things go. What I'm struck by is the amount of acceleration that we've seen in these inevitable trends this year. So that's a good thing for us and we want to capitalize on that. Now the other along the way not surprisingly we've seen the rise of some very intriguing banking fintechs and we've watched with great interest their strategies in many cases, they have very nice digital customer experiences in some cases they have created strategies that the banking industry didn't come up with and we look with interest in that and in many ways root for their success because it's all part of the same - their success is the manifestation also of the accelerating change in customer behavior and the opportunity for digital banks. So we have a lot of respect for some of the players, we're impressed by their innovation and we've energized by their success and the success that we're having and so as a result we're leaning in  delaying and leaning in a little harder on our own banking strategy.
John Hecht: Appreciate the context. Thank you very much.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Don Fandetti: Rich, in terms of the fintech discussion. I was wondering if you could comment on buy now, pay later, does that impact your business from a wanting competition perspective or syndicated risk standpoint and bit material for us to keep an eye on from a risk perspective.
Rich Fairbank: So now buy now, pay later is a really interesting marketplace. It's kind of ironic because the original buy now, pay later product for the credit cards and so it's interesting to be a very established credit card players and feel a little bit like the old guard as we're watching these innovations on buy now, pay later and I have a lot of respect for and I'm impressed by some of the things, the success of the point-of-sale lending products. And point of sale lending as of course existed since really the beginning of lending itself. I think what's striking here is the way that it exist of course in the ecommerce space, the way it's got shelf space right there at the checkout page, some of the elegance of the digital technology and interestingly right now sort of financially how this marketplace works because the striking thing to me is that right now merchants are actually paying the bill as opposed to consumers and that tends to create a healthy marketplace, it tends to create better selection dynamic then very often you see in some of the short-term lending products they tend to have very high effective APRs and things can sometimes axiomatically to adverse selection. So thing to me, the thing that I'm most interested in watching from some of the structure of that marketplace is what happens to the - in a sense the merchant discount with respect to those products as the competition from lenders heats up in that space. So that's something we'll have to watch. So I think there's a lot for Capital One to learn in this marketplace and we're watching it closely and we really with interest look to see how this opportunity evolves.
Jeff Norris: We'll take next question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Scott, congratulations. Rich, maybe just to dig in a little bit further on the efficiency. I understand that you don't want to put a timeframe on it. However if we look at the performance this year, we're in 46% range still about 400 basis points from the 42% target that you had laid out so. Can you maybe just talk about the path to getting there from a financial perspective? Is it all about the return of card loan growth and the revenue growth that comes with it? Or is there more the digital transformation on the cost side? And if cost is part of it can you maybe just talk about what some of those drivers are and what the timing is in terms of us getting there? Thank you.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, so Ryan. The efficiency our journey and the success we had over a number of years really till the pandemic sort of set things back a bit was driven kind of mathematically of course by the two factors sustained revenue growth and the efficiencies that were coming particularly from transforming to a more digital operational model. And I think the same things that drove our efficiencies ratio down over the years are going to be same drivers going forward. At the time that we gave the guidance on 42%, there were a lot of things coming together not only on the efficiency side things like getting out data centers, things like the step up that in the Walmart revenue sharing relationship but very much we were looking at accelerating growth opportunities in our businesses particularly our consumer businesses. So the pandemic set that back and so I would still say the biggest driver of the efficiency gains that we will continue to work toward will be on the revenue side because we still continue to invest in the digital opportunities that are in fact enabling the revenue growth and one thing that we talk about is, that we're now finished with our eighth year of our tech transformation and in many ways this will be a lifelong transformation that this has been starting at the bottom of the tech stack journey and overtime we've been working our way up the tech stack and the more we get up the tech stack, the more the opportunities are things that will actually the world can see things that customers can experience and things that can more directly enable growth and that's why I mentioned on my comments about marketing is that, some of the marketing opportunities we see are in fact specifically enabled by our tech transformation. So therefore while tech continues to create efficiency opportunities it is also the basis for a number of our growth opportunities and we really want to take advantage of those, we're leaning in and of course it takes investment to do that. So that's why I think revenue growth is I would expect it to still be the bigger driver of our efficiency journey on a net basis than on the cost side. But really the key is having revenue growth that exceeds the growth in expenses of course.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch: So Rich in the past you've had a tendency to see the loan growth lag the marketing spend and account growth based upon credit lines and talked about the need to kind of incubate those accounts and increase the credit lines overtime to get that balance and revenue growth. Can you talk a little bit about where you sit in that now given the unusual nature kind of where we in the economic cycle?
Rich Fairbank: Thank you, Moshe. With our strategy of relatively lower lines, we've often talked about how in many ways the primary credit risk and the primary growth comes really on the line increase side more so than just the originations themselves. And so what we have often done in times of stress or when there is extra caution and you will remember Moshe, in the probably 18 months prior to this downturn maybe two years we were also talking cautiously about lines because we said we're so long in the tooth on this economy and so that has been our strategy for managing risk is to try to hold the lines down where we can continue to lean into the origination side of the business and then open up the lines as we see more of the sun coming out and more opportunity one customer at a time. So where we stand on that, we've been particularly tight on the lines during this downturn. But I think that as we watch the pandemic play out, I think that we see opportunities one customer at a time. But collectively pulling up on this we do see important opportunities for increasing those lines and as we do that can put some momentum around the loan growth in a way that you don't just get from originations which we're also leaning into.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it and maybe as a follow-up, when I would get the question in the past about what could cause rewards rates to kind of moderate or come down. It's said an economic downturn and obviously we've got some form as an economic downturn. If anything it's gone the other way, any thoughts about kind of intensity of rewards competition and how to think about that into the next year or two?
Rich Fairbank: As you know it's a really interesting question, Moshe. Whether a downturn caused this rewards rates to go down or up. So the case for down in other words for people for the competition to get less intense about that is the people are pulling back, they're spending less and they're more concerned about riding through the downturn than they're about trying to grow quite a bit. Here's a flipside to that argument and the thing that I think is dominating in that particular tug of war and that is that what is most striking about the pullback probably true in any downturn, but especially in this one is how much of pullback there is been in spending and what a pullback there has been in spending by heavy spenders and I think that not just the point about heavy spenders. It's partly what heavy spenders spend their money on which is to travel and entertainment on a disproportional basis relative to others and those of the sectors that have been absolutely whacked  here. It's generally the case that the heavy spenders from a credit point of view everything that we have seen would be consistent that they perform well on a downturn. They just get more conservative in their spending, travel opportunities and things like that don't necessarily work so enticing and certainly the case in this downturn. And so I think what happens is a response from players to lean into increasing inducement to generate the volumes that people want to get. We have seen significant increases in upfront bonuses. We've seen increases in reward levels and I think that's probably a natural thing for us to expect in this particular environment even though paradoxically it's associated with so much pullback.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: My question is just on how to think about the reserve levels and the reserve release from here. I know the questions asked a little bit. But the reason I'm raising it is, I think you said that your reserve today is based on unemployment rate of 8% at 2021, I know there's lot more inputs than just that. But that 8% at year-end 2021 is similar to last quarters. Yet at the same time I know Rich you mentioned that every quarter that goes by with good credit is like a reduction of peak, if not a push out. So how should I triangulate that, should we be anticipating in a more aggressive reserve releases at the quarters come through that are not so bad? Or is there something else going on in the reserve analysis that we should be thinking about?
Scott Blackley: Betsy, why don't I take that one? So look I think that the - as I mentioned a couple times, I think the biggest consideration in our reserve right now is just the uncertainty and trying to make sure that we're capturing all of the scenarios in thinking about that and that is resulting in us having a really high level of qualitative reserves on top of our modeled risk. And so even in the current quarter where you're right our 2021 fourth quarter estimate of unemployment around 8% is consistent with where we were last quarter. During the full year we're expecting lower levels of unemployment than what we had forecasted or used in our allowance a quarter ago and so that coupled with we saw the passage at stimulus were both factors that drove the release this quarter. but we still have even with the positive trends we put on even more qualitative factors because it is just really hard to forecast where this thing is going to go and how it may play out and we're in the allowance we continue to expect that we will see the very low levels of credit come up and meet the high levels of unemployment that we see today and I really do believe that we will overtime see that in a play out exactly how that relationship is going to normalize and if it doesn't normalize then we're going to have allowance releases and they're going to come in overtime. But until we start to see kind of more evidence that relationship is going to stay kind of at the levels where it is, I would expect that we're going to continue to reserve against a variety of downside scenarios.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take the final question from Bob Napoli, please go ahead.
Bob Napoli: And congratulations Scott look forward to hearing where you're headed.
Scott Blackley: Thanks Bob.
Bob Napoli: Rich question on the just on the tech investment. The amount  if you can quantify at all for us maybe Scott the amount you're spending on technology versus several years ago, the growth in those investment and then maybe more importantly what do you feel differentiate you the most from other banks or fintechs with the changes or the upgrades in the technology and what's on the roadmap for further upgrades?
Rich Fairbank: Okay, Bob. We don't breakout our tech investment but Capital One I think relative to banks on our side invest quite a bit in technology then my sense is of what other banks our size invest in, by the way, our primary competitive set is the big national banks and they check  tech budgets, so we certainly know also what we're up against. But let me just talk about again so philosophically what we've done. I think what most banks - I think companies in general when they're looking everybody know they got to invest more in technology and even as recently this quarter so companies said they're increasing their technology spend and I almost can't image the companies not feeling the need to do that as they face and accelerating digital revolution. A thing that very common that companies do is, they make their biggest investments at the top of the tech stack. Meaning the things that are closest to the consumer investing in apps, investing in experiences for customers or associates for things that can more directly and immediately manifest in improvements and there is no, it's a very natural thing to do. Capital One has taken the unlikely journey, a little bit the road less traveled by to have our investment primarily at the bottom of the tech stack. So we're talking down at courses  and data and addressing vendor products and their role in this things bringing lots of thing in house, bringing a lot of engineering in house and it's been a journey that and you know this Bob and other investors on this call know that they would often say I know you're investing a lot, you're talking about it, but I can't see it because the problem is if you were to improve one system in the core systems, it doesn't really manifest itself in something that the outside world can see and this is really the essence of the challenge that we and our investors who have patiently owned our stock this journey that we're going through. What we so deeply believe that at the outset of this journey and absolutely believe now that in order to compete with the tech companies in order to be a modern company and be able to go where banking is going to go, one really needs a modern tech stacks and that's a hard thing for startup bank to build. It's really hard thing for a legacy company to build and I think it was little easier for Capital One only that we were in a sense an original fintech three decades ago and so maybe don't have as much legacy as modest companies do. But it's still been a very significant journey. But I think when you say, how do we compare ourselves with other companies? I think other companies have I think there's a lot of good things other companies go are doing. They have really nice apps for their customers and everything else. But I think more and more Capital One is built like a tech company and like some of the leading tech companies that are changing the world and I think it was the little bit of shock to some folks when one day we said by the way we're getting entirely out of data centers and into the cloud and that's the kind of thing that could only come as a product of many years of the and it's not an accident that almost no big enterprise legacy companies have in fact made that journey. Now where does - but what it puts in a position to do, is that is to drive for opportunities and act more and more like tech company and be able to be more dynamic faster to the market, create, offer better products, better customer experience and that give us the opportunity to transform how we work, really how a bank works on the inside from risk management, fraud, credit, compliance, operational execution and enables us to build our national bank and lean into that and enables us to win some partnerships that in head to head competition. I feel that we won by virtue of some of the tech capabilities we had and it enables to achieve better economics and not so much in saving on - well partly tech on tech cost like massive vendor cost that we can say. But at the same time we're investing a lot in tech so the big in that savings is not so much tech cost as it is the opportunity to reduce analog cost overtime. So that's kind of long answer to your question. But when we looked out and said overtime, we are going to want to do that or we're going to do  this thing over there or we're going to do that thing over there. In each case we saw a shared path of investment and transformation that we would need to do and we're well down that path. We're not done in many ways it's a lifelong journey but I think our opportunities are increasing as we get further down this path.
Bob Napoli: Thank you really appreciate the detailed answer.
Jeff Norris: Thank you everybody for joining this conference call. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on this conference call today. Thank you for your continued interest in Capital One and remember that the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good evening, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much Keith, and welcome everybody to Capital One's third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live on the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log onto Capital One's Web site, capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2020 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks Jeff and good afternoon everyone. I'll start on slide three of today's presentation where you can see Capital One earned $2.4 billion or $5.06 per diluted common share in the third quarter. Included in EPS for the quarter were three adjusting items which are outlined on the slide. Net of these adjusting items, earnings per share in the quarter was $5.05 per share. In addition to the adjusting items, we had a couple notable items in the quarter. We recorded a gain of $470 million or $0.79 per share related to an equity stake in Snowflake, which recently priced its initial public offering. We also recorded a $327 million or $0.54 per share allowance release associated with moving a partnership card portfolio to held-for-sale. Turning to slide four I will cover the quarterly allowance moves in more detail. Excluding the held-for-sale transfer, we released $390 million of allowance for the total company in the third quarter, mostly driven by a small balance sheet. In our allowance, we continue to assume no benefits from further government stimulus beyond any residual impacts of prior legislation in a correspondingly severe economic outlook with targeted qualitative factors for specific areas of uncertainty. We assume we end this year at a 9.7% unemployment rate, improving to around 8% by the end of 2021. Turning to slide five, you can see that allowance coverage levels were essentially flat as allowance releases were commensurate with contractions in our card and commercial loan portfolios. Our consumer banking coverage ratio declined modestly to 4% from 4.3%, mostly driven by a release in our auto finance allowance, which was driven by updated auction price assumptions.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott, and I'll begin on Slide 10, which summarizes results for our credit card business. Year-over-year, credit card loan balances, purchase volume, and revenue declined in the third quarter driven by the impacts of the pandemic. The biggest driver of quarterly results was the provision for credit losses, which improved significantly compared to both the prior year and linked quarters. Credit card segment results are a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. Consumer behavior was a key driver of domestic card results in the third quarter. In the current environment, consumers continue to behave cautiously spending less, saving more, and paying down debts. These behaviors are amplified by the cumulative effects of stimulus and widespread forbearance across the banking industry. We're seeing the effects of cautious consumer behavior across several key business’ results, including pressure on spending and higher payments rates resulting in declining loan balances. But this cautious behavior is also a key driver of the most impactful domestic card headline in the quarter, strikingly strong credit results. We posted exceptional credit performance in the third quarter, especially in the context of the pandemic. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 3.64% a 48 basis point improvement year-over-year, and an 89 basis point improvement from the sequential quarter. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 2.21%, a 150 basis points better than the prior year. The linked quarter improvement in the delinquency rate was 53 basis points, even though the typical seasonal pattern is a 50 - excuse me a 40 basis points increase. In addition to positive impacts from cautious consumers, stimulus, and widespread forbearance, our credit performance is benefiting from resilience choices we made before the downturn began, including our avoiding of high balance revolvers and caution on credit lines. Our own domestic card forbearance is not a significant driver of credit performance, because enrollment is low. We've provided updated information on domestic card forbearance on Appendix Slide 17. Purchase volume is rebounding from the sharp declines early in the pandemic. Third quarter purchase volume was down just 1% from the prior year quarter. That compares to a year-over-year decline of about 15% in the second quarter and about 30% in the first weeks of the pandemic. By late September and through the first half of October, year-over-year purchase volume growth was modestly positive. Despite the rebound, purchase volume growth is still down compared to the double-digit growth we were seeing before the pandemic.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts you may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session has ended, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Keith, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  We'll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. I guess I have a question on the net interest margin trajectory going forward, Scott. I know you talked about some contributors that caused the sequential degradation and the dependency for some items in the future. But looking ahead, if we assume a stable macro, could you maybe just dimensionalize some of the upside levers you have? I know there's a step up in the Walmart share, you have the funding costs coming through, the lower funding costs and lower liquidity potentially, could just talk about those, Scott?
Scott Blackley: Sure. Good afternoon, Sanjay. So, with respect to NIM, I think that the current margin is towards the low end of where I would expect to see NIM given our balance sheet mix. And if I just look at kind of the factors right now, cash is elevated, but deposit growth has slowed in Q3. In Q4, we're going to get the full quarter benefit of the deposit pricing actions that we took in Q3, and then auto growth is positive to NIM. So, I look at just those factors and there those are all positives. When you talk about longer term, more stimulus is the potential there is that that might drive more savings, which would be a headwind to NIM if we received more cash in the form of deposits. But, on the other hand, that's going to be a positive to our credit performance, and that seems like a good trade to make. So overall, at this point, feeling like we're towards the lows on NIM, and there are a number of factors that would go in a positive direction if everything in the economy kind of went stable from here forward.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay, great. And I guess talking about the economy. Your reserve rates were stable as not sort of declined a tad. Could you just talk about how do you see that unfolding, assuming things don't change materially in the macro situation? And maybe, Rich, you could chime in on some of the things that you're worried about or not on the macro side because you mentioned credit quality looks strikingly strong. Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Why don't I start on the allowance and then Rich you can jump on the back end of that question? So when I look at the allowance, there's a couple important considerations. One is that we build our allowance to exclude the potentially positive effects of stimulus beyond what's already in place, and we've assumed some further worsening in the economy. Second, our delinquency inventories are at really, really low level, so we're starting at a place where, it's going to take a while for losses to actually manifest. So, I feel really comfortable with our coverage levels where they are today. And, if we just look at going forward, more stimulus could be a significant positive factor to allowance. And the economy is another wild card, if it worsens beyond our current assumptions and we didn't get stimulus in that case. In that case, we might be looking at the potential for reserve additions, but in an economy that goes kind of sideways or doesn't worsen much or if we get stimulus, I think there's some upside in the allowance.
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, just a comment about the consumer, this is the biggest disconnect that I certainly have experienced in my three decades of building Capital One, between what we see in the economy itself and the actual performance of the consumer, especially from a credit point of view. Now, some things that I think always happen in a downturn, and that is consumers tend to get more conservative, so they tend to pull back, spend less, save more. So in some ways, why would what we see here be any different from the past? And look, I still put a high degree of uncertainty around things, so I'm going to give you some views, but don't use this as like a prediction of what the consumer is going to do in the rest of this downturn. But I do think the consumer being in better shape going into this crisis starts kind of on the plus ledger for the consumer. Debt levels were lower, payment obligations lower still supported by the low interest rates. The savings rate over the past few years was, I think, around double what it was before the great recession. And so, the consumer entered in a stronger situation. Then what happened is, unlike most other downturns, and certainly unlike the Great Recession, which took a lot of months to sort of build its momentum, this thing kind of came all of a sudden. And the world went into free fall, sort of as I often say, we all went down the elevator together at the same time; consumers did, companies did, and the government did. And so that I think the reaction by the consumers was more striking and more conservative than has happened in the past. So, they're spending less, saving more, paying down debt. And I think it's amplified relative to the past. Then overlay on top of this of course, that the swift and unprecedented government stimulus, and the widespread forbearance programs across the banking industry were both much greater and much swifter than occurred in the past. And so, the cumulative impact to consumer balance sheets of lower wages, offsetting government support and lower spending is -- some of these effects by their conservatism and some of the benefits that they were granted by external parties has added up to a positive net consumer sort of savings effect of over a $1 trillion or about $10,000 per household. And obviously, the impact across individual consumers and households is highly variable. But we now have the expiration of the expanded unemployment benefit, that's a blow to many millions of unemployed Americans. I think what we're dealing with is a cumulation of benefits that the consumer has had during this downturn, such that when suddenly the stimulus was kind of shut off, we didn't see our credit metrics suddenly skyrocket to work force places. I think the consumer is working through some of that cumulative that has built up, but I think that we still have to look at -- we're talking about electrifying economic numbers, awful lot of job losses, now a lot more of them being more permanent, and the government stimulus at this point not having been renewed, so I think it's just a matter of time before this thing could reverse itself in a significant way. And you see everything I say, I just want to say relative to a metaphor I've been using when I talk to investors is, every month that their favorable credit trends were sort of burrowing a longer tunnel underneath the huge economic worsening mountain such that even as potentially things revert to significantly worse place for the consumer, I think we've reduced the cumulative losses through the downturn rather than just delaying the impact. So those are some thoughts Sanjay on what we're seeing. It's certainly not something collectively that I've observed before. But - and no one should look at this and feel, okay I give up. I'll speak for myself, we certainly - we feel really good about performance we're seeing, but we feel quite cautious about what could happen.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good evening.
Scott Blackley: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to dig in a little bit on the auto results. I know that you mentioned you have very strong auto results both on the loan side as well as on the credit side. First question here is just around the used car prices, they're clearly up a lot of about 15% year-on-year. And I guess just wanted to understand how much that piece of the equation impacted your net charge-off and your NIM around auto. And what you're assuming for used car prices going forward from here?
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Betsy there's been unprecedented volatility in auction prices since the start of the pandemic. At the start of the pandemic, we saw a sudden collapse in auction prices as stay at home orders basically froze markets, and auction houses rushed to move online. By the end of the second quarter, we saw auction prices rebound to pre-COVID levels. And as the stay at home orders were lifted, consumer demand experienced sort of V shaped recovery in the auto space and supply remain constrained by leap delays and the decision of most lenders to suspend repossession. At the start of the third quarter, there was a massive amount of uncertainty around the stability of these trends, particularly whether consumer demand would remain strong with the expiration of stimulus and whether it would be enough to offset projected increases in supply. But as it turned out, through the third quarter, consumer demand remained incredibly strong, resulting in supply constraints that drove up auction prices as dealers struggled to maintain inventory levels. Over the last couple of weeks, we've seen the industry start to work through these supply constraints, with auction prices declining slightly, and dealer inventory starting to recover toward the pre-COVID levels. So going forward, we would expect auction prices to normalize over the next several months, as the industry fully works through these supply issues. We're underwriting to an assumption that they're going to be significantly adverse from there, just because of the - just to be cautious and because of the extreme volatility. To your question about how important was this in the results? It was one of the factors. So for example, in the credit results, there really were three auto - so why was auto credit so good beyond what we're seeing in cards that we've talked about? There are three auto specific effects. One is, our COVID loan extension programs having a more meaningful impact on our credit metrics than it is in card, because the program's got a more, bigger proportion of customers in it and because we extended relief to the impacted customers in later stage of delinquency. And then we've got the used car auction prices, which basically reached all-time highs in Q3. And we've also seen somewhat higher auto recoveries from the catch up from our temporary suspension of repossessions earlier in the downturn. So, it's definitely sort of a bunch of planets aligning in the auto space, driving performance that is extraordinary in some sense, and certainly on the credit side much of the things I talked about are more temporary in nature.
Betsy Graseck: Got it, okay no, that's super helpful. Thanks for all that color Rich. The follow up question I have. Just have to do with what you're seeing with regard to the accounts that are exiting forbearance in the various products sets that you have? Some other folks, this earnings cycle have been suggesting that accounts exiting forbearance or exiting with a higher rate of delinquencies I'm wondering if you are seeing the same thing and could you put a number on what that difference is between accounts that were in forbearance and aren't? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, so by the way, I would put - with let's say, you told me a downturn of any kind was coming. And we installed a forbearance program. I would with 100% confidence say, customers who enter a forbearance program and exited will have higher delinquencies than those who never did. Only because it's a, you take a population and you now create a filter, and this is an important filter, did you raise your hand and say, I'd like some of that forbearance? Is it versus one minus that group? It would be extremely rare for that group not to have higher delinquencies. Interestingly, probably the biggest driver of the delinquency number is it like what or what percentage of them are when they leave and that they stay current? So probably the biggest driver of that is how wide the funnel was in the first place, by which the company was inviting customers to come in and take the forbearance. The wider the funnel, the more likely regular, very low risk customers sort of took advantage of the program. So, in our business, let me just look this up here. If we look at the customers in our card business, we look at the customers who no longer enrolled, who are no longer enrolled, but were previously, 88% of them are current. In auto it is 86%. And the other thing, again, I just want to say I'm not sure how much information content there is in that only because one has filtered a population. The most telling thing would be the overall delinquencies that you see on our portfolio because all these customers who have entered forbearance are basically part of the delinquency metrics that you observe.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan Nash: Good evening, guys.
Richard Fairbank: Hi Nash.
Ryan Nash: Rich, you noted that we could see a significant ramp in marketing in 4Q. Can you maybe just clarify what the expectations are in terms of the quarter-over-quarter increase? And second, just more broadly speaking, when competition is historically pulled back, you've used it as an opportunity when you've seen a window to accelerate growth. And I was just wondering if you could just talk about your approach to increasing marketing spend at this point. And are things still too uncertain for you to do that? Do you have any sort of visibility at this point? Or is it more just seasonal in nature, and we should expect it to remain low as another issue or talked about this morning? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So this our saying that marketing to be higher in the fourth quarter than the third is not a declaration that we see all the light at the end of the tunnel, we're all in, you're right at Capital One we sometimes dig while others dig. We also sometimes dig while others dig, and it's all a situational kind of thing. The primary, the reason that we're kind of leaning into this marketing guidance relative to the next quarter is more just how low it is now, not to look at that and say that, at that low level, it's going to sustain itself. So, let me just give you a little more context here. We pulled back in certain channels early in the crisis in response to the decrease opportunity for quality growth. And just given the unprecedented uncertainty early on, we've since re-entered most channels. And it's interesting, while marketing was flat overall in the company, within card marketing increased through the quarter. Again, it was mostly just coming off such a very low level. And so, what we are saying is you have the seasonal ramp that always happens in the fourth quarter as Capital One. And then on top of that, because even though our marketing was flat within the quarter company wide, within card it was quite slow. And so we're really saying just the full seasonal - the full quarter effect and that will also pull the numbers of fair amount higher. So, it's really more a pulling-up from weight being so low as opposed to a statement of a big transformation and how much marketing and growth we're going after here.
Ryan Nash: But in your prepared remarks, you talked about capital return being an important part of the picture for shareholders. When we look to capital ratios are at 13 and once we get through the next few quarters should be at least 13.5% or over 20% of your market cap in excess. Now, I know we still have a handful of things that we need to get through. The Fed stress test, but it seems like if we had the minimum from the SCB of 10.1 and your internal target of 11, it seems like you have the potential to get pretty aggressive on returning capital. So if you maybe just talk about the capital priorities, and how quickly do you think you can manage the capital down once we have clarity on where the economy is headed? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Yes, thanks Ryan. Well, as you know all the large banks are going through CCAR 2.0 right now, and as I mentioned, we're going to get through that process and get our feedback before we make any adjustments to our capital situation. I think that as we talked about with stress capital buffer, with the buffer for us under that framework, where the total capital required under that framework is 10.1, we want to operate in most environments with a buffer above that, so, probably over 11%. I think that what I'm hoping is that we'll start to see the Fed move away from the current level of restrictions, and that in the first quarter, they will migrate to the stress capital buffer framework, which should allow us to manage our capital distributions both dividends and share repurchases on a much more dynamic basis. And as we talked about and we mentioned in our comments, we do appreciate that this is an important component of shareholder return. And so, we're looking to get back into the business of having an appropriate amount of capital and making sure the shareholders are receiving distributions.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Rick Shane: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon. Rich, you in response to Sanjay's question touched on something that I think is really interesting. You mentioned divergence between labor markets and credit markets and credit performance. And you hypothesized whether or not what we've seen is a delay in credit events, or we're actually going to see moderation from all of the policy initiatives. And you alluded to the fact that you think it's the latter. I want to make - I want to understand, in part, what drives that view? And then I want to turn the question to Scott and ask, where's the reserve or the allowance in that context? Are you still more reserved in the delay scenario at this point?
Richard Fairbank: Hey Rick, I want to make sure that I articulate for a second your two circulate for a second, your two scenarios, the delay scenario describe what you're saying that is. That would be, it's going to get as bad as ever. It's just delayed in getting there. And the moderation…
Rick Shane: Got it.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. So yeah, I'll let Scott talk about the allowance just sort of is, there have been - well, certainly right now, there is a divergence between the two is extraordinary. I do think that - and the most common thing everybody's talking about is government stimulus. And I believe that is an important effect. I wouldn't underestimate the collective impact of forbearance across the banking industry as well and again to some extent in rents and other things. But between the strength because the consumer entered the downturn and the various things that are providing some relief, it is clearly disconnecting the relationship that we would otherwise see between unemployment and the consumer's financial health and credit performance. So, I think it is very plausible that this sort of bank account if you will of cumulatively some good things that the consumer has had available is something that is finite and very plausibly can't last for an extended period of time. I think it still buffers for a short period of time, but if we don't see stimulus, and if the economy continues to really be hurting. I have trouble envisioning how the consumer doesn't end up getting in a worse place from here. But I did - my points are I think that timing of that can still be buffered by the accumulated benefits. And then my other point is that I think burrowing through the tunnel, I picture a big mountain which is the bad economy and going up and then going down on the other side. Burrowing through the tunnel and even then, if the consumer has to rejoin that bad mountain, if you will, it's a strange metaphor. I think that some of the worst aspects of that downturn will have been averted by virtue of every month that passes. What I want to do is give it to Scott to comment on how we've handled the allowance.
Scott Blackley: Yeah, thanks, Rich. Rick, so if you think about what we have to do in the allowance, we're starting with delinquency levels that are not connected to the level of unemployment that we're seeing. And so one of the things that we have to do in the allowances is to take those delinquency levels and over time, kind of get them to link up with unemployment levels. One of the reasons that we are thinking that's happening is that some of the stimulus actually comes in, in a form where it's replacing income. And so even though you've got elevated level of unemployment, you basically are you have a consumer who's, who may be unemployed, counting in the unemployed, calculations, but it's receiving benefits that allowing them to stay current as if they were fully employed. So as we start to see stimulus unfold here, the real question that we face in the allowance is just how long is that income replacement going to continue? And what does that mean to the total loss content? So those are the kinds of issues that we would face with the allowance?
Rick Shane: Got it. That's very helpful and Rich, I do appreciate the metaphor as well. Thank you, guys.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Wolf Research.
Bill Carcache: Thanks, good evening. Rich, can you discuss the competitive landscape as you think about the potential threats on one hand from the neo-bank sort of the times of the world that operate exclusively online without traditional branch networks in this sort of post COVID environment? And on the other hand, the Buy now pay later is like the corners and after pays. How do you see their presence impacting the competitive environment in the card business, say, over the next two to five years? And is there any potential benefit to deploying some of your excess capital into M&A and one of those areas or those sort of capabilities, things that you think you can build on their own?
Richard Fairbank: So well, Bill, it's certainly quite fascinating and striking to see what's happening on both the banking side and the lending side with respect to these new competitors. Let me talk about the Buy now pay later phenomenon. There has been a point of sale lending forever basically. And it's always been there as another form of financing. And it's interesting in many ways the credit card became the disrupter in point of sale lending. I never forget when early on in the Capital One journey, I ran into this guy who said, you ruined my business. I'm so sorry. How did we ruin your business? And he said, I ran a furniture store. I made my money on financing and the credit card has kind of put me out of business. And so the credit card has been an incredible efficient tool in a world where point of sale financing has continued. And there's logical reasons they both would coexist. I think it's really striking what has happened recently, with respect to the Buy now pay later, which there's a couple of striking things going on that are not, haven't been a part of the historical context. One is just the technology, the ease of the whole thing. And with a single click, you can kind of Buy now pay later that has been one aspect of this. And the other is that, merchants are paying the lenders at this point the way the marketplace works. Merchants paying the lenders which has allowed this to be a pretty financially attractive business for some of these neo-players and has helped keep that industry unassailable. A lot of times you have to race to the bottom in terms of how high the short-term pricing gets etcetera. So, this is something that's growing rapidly. And I think that it's something that we are looking carefully at and watching and trying to assess where that market is going. We wonder how sustainable the revenue model of that is, with respect to the merchant subsidies in a more competitive marketplace. So, we'll have to keep an eye on that. But I think, this is another example of how digital technology and the real time instant solutions is where the entire world is going. The history of banking is to deliver solutions on a batch basis to consumers. And I think this is another example of how real time solutions are here. And all banks, if they don't increasingly figure out how to leverage data in real time and bring instant customized solutions to consumers may find themselves in a bad place. Then you got the whole banking side of the marketplace, the chimes, and some of the other players that I think has also have created a disruptive model. We tend to root for their success, because we are also a disruptor in this marketplace. And the more collectively all of us can get at the - make progress against the highly inertial entrenched behavior of Americans to always bank with their branch bank. The more we can chip away collectively with that, I think the more opportunity there is for all of us digital players, Capital One included, but we're certainly inspired by some of the things that we see by some of the neo-banks.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful, Rich, thank you. If I can squeeze in another quick one on auto, can you discuss how your mix of new versus used originations has evolved? And whether there's any particular area that you've been leaning into more heavily?
Richard Fairbank: There's not - well, there's been a lot of used, of course, just some of the market conditions that have led to a lot of used car buying. So, I don't have in front of me data with respect to that, but the used car opportunity is a sweet spot for most banks, because the captive lenders can do subsidize their new car purchases. So, the majority of our entire business is used, and the more the used car market thrives the better it is for Capital One. I think the bigger effect that's going on that we're struck by, in addition to just have all that sort of the tide of auto has risen for all the boats, for all the players, and it's just a kind of a strikingly sort of good time in the industry and technically, we should all know in the middle of the master pandemic, so we got to be very careful. But kind of little captive, the traction that we're seeing with our digital strategy is particularly we're seeing in auto, because of the very physical nature of how the product is brought. And this is an example of where the pandemic is accelerating things that would happen anyway. But in the auto space, the more they accelerate the sort of direct side not necessarily the pure direct where no one ever goes to a dealership, but the semi-direct or the hybrid direct and thing that just involves faster, more digital solutions. That plays into the hand of Capital One because we've invested four years in real time, automated solutions and being able to underwrite any car in America on any lot in less than a second, and to be able to provide that information to consumers before they go into a dealership and also lessen the amount of hard work and waiting once you get it.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Don Fandetti: Well Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in your commercial real estate portfolio and also given the stress, are there any opportunistic opportunities that you see coming to market?
Richard Fairbank: So, our commercial real estate is $30 billion across a range of property types. Relative to most banks, their overall portfolio is more concentrated in multifamily, which we view as more resilient while it's underweight in more volatile sectors like hotel, retail, office and construction. So in the multifamily space, we have $18 billion in exposure in multifamily. About $13 billion is on balance sheet and about $5 billion in agency low share. And of that, of the $13 billion we have on balance sheet, about half of our exposures in the New York metropolitan area. And, as you know Don, there are real borrower challenges in the market with low rent collections and addiction moratoriums. So, our focus and the significant majority of our portfolio is in rent regulated in Class B properties which have been historically more resilient in recessions. So the big increase in credit sized performing loans was in the multifamily portfolio. We feel really good about the LTV, the low LTVs that we have backing this book. But it certainly has our attention that New York's got a number of challenges on the real estate side. And so, we'll very carefully monitor how this plays out. But we feel collectively very good about our overall real estate portfolio and the choices that drove us to where we are.
Don Fandetti: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Moshe Orenbuch: Hey, thanks. Richard, with the front end of the questions you talked a little bit about some of the differences between this and the Great Recession. I guess another one would be the banks and card issuers themselves are actually in a better position than they were at that point. And I'm just wondering if you could kind of talk a little bit about how you think that impacts the competitive opportunity and what you're willing to talk about, what Cap One's plans are with respect to that?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. It's a really insightful comment that you make Moshe because, one of the things that we know that happened in the Great Recession is the consumer was more levered up. But you also had in the banking industry, both banks and non-banks were not providing products that were not nearly as well underwritten. That often had complicated features with them, and there was just a lot of disequilibrium to sort out. And that really compounded the consumers journey through the downturn that their own condition and also working through some of the things the most extreme, of course, motion was the mortgage products and all the issues there. So, and what happened is a lot of the bad lending practices, I say bad from a credit risk point of view, and also certain consumer practices got driven out in the Great Recession. And on the other side of it was a very rational, high performing credit card marketplace. And I've said for years on the other side of the Great Recession, I think this is a strikingly rational marketplace. I find it more rational than the other lending marketplaces in which we compete. And each of the players there sort of has carved out a particular niche in there, they're doing well. So I see Moshe a very rational behavior, even right now in the pandemic. Fortunately everybody pulled back. But first of all, you start with card players have something happening to them that basically is pretty unique across lending products. And that is that our portfolios are shrinking pretty dramatically. Here commercial in general, people drawing out online increased the volumes. So, I think that we card players are struck by, Oh, my goodness, just with the less spending and all this conservative behavior by consumers, we've been going backwards pretty rapidly, pretty much all of us have. And but I think that, that is the flip side of what comes from the strikingly sound and conservative behavior of our consumers. So, where did the industry go for from here? I think the industry has pulled back. And I think all of us, in our own way, are trying to figure out, no one's going to fully step on the back gas, no one is all the way pulled back. And I think for everyone, it is how to find the selective opportunity, where you can continue to lean into this thing and book business and it's going to be resilient, even if things get a whole lot worse. And some of them have tried true strategies motion we've had for many years, our conservatism on credit lines, the avoidances, high balance revolvers, and so on. Our strategy has been so resilience focus, I think that, for us the opportunity to continue to book accounts be very conservative on credit lines, build up the potential energies but continue to be being careful on credit lines, book to protect, grow the potential energy and delay the release to some extent into a kinetic energy to a lot of live growth until we see more clarity on where this economy is going. So, that's how we're continuing to lean in, even in the context of this for the electrifying economy.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks, Richard. And maybe a follow-up question for Scott. I noticed that revenue suppression had improved fairly significantly. I guess that works relative to actual delinquencies and maybe could you talk a little bit about how that's going to look going forward?
Scott Blackley: Yes, you're right. The suppression is a shorter coverage period than allowance. It really only goes through the point of charge-off and when you've got a low delinquencies, that's improved. So, as long as we see stability in our delinquency levels, that would stay at about the levels where it is now. We started to see them. Delinquencies worsened, that would increase the amount of suppression.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question this evening will come from Brian Foran with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hi. Pretty much everything has been asked, like it's a done marketing. So I guess the normal seasonal increase would be maybe $100 million, $150 million, maybe $150 million, $175 million actually. A normal level would be maybe more of $500 million or $600 million. So are there any - I know you're not going to give a point estimate, but are there any guardrails which you could give maybe that we think is more like a normal seasonal increase to below $400 million so we thinking more like a normal seasonal level to the mid 500 millions in terms of gotten something depend fully on marketing for the fourth quarter?
Scott Blackley: Brian, we're probably going to leave our guidance where it is, but the main thing we wanted people to just know that it's been unusually low at this point and don't get too used to the unusually low level. And so that's why it's the double effect that we're calling for the double effect of the normal significant seasonal increase that we have in the fourth quarter around things like our sponsorships and a lot of things that happened late in the year, as well as the continuation of what happened late in the quarter looking at the marketing levels and card. A phenomenon that was not visible in the aggregated credit numbers because it just turned out by coincidence, some of the marketing elsewhere in the company around retail, which had really been sort of higher right out of the gate with all the deposit inflows that we've had, we pulled back somewhat on the retail.
Brian Foran: Fair enough. Looking then to forbearance in 2009 when you did you load market and that got into a normalized earnings model. So fair to remind people that you still .
Richard Fairbank: Okay, well, Brian, thank you.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Brian, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on tonight's conference call. Thank you for your interest in Capital One. And remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. We appreciate your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period . Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Matt, and I'd like to also welcome everyone to Capital One's second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live on the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log onto Capital One's Web site, capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2020 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. Capital One recorded a net loss for the second quarter of $918 million or $2.21 per diluted common share, primarily driven by $2.7 billion allowance build, reflecting the economic downturn related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Adjusting items impacted operating expenses during the quarter and totaled $276 million or $0.60 a share, including the provision for legal matters, as well as costs related to our cyber incident. Net of these adjusting items, our EPS was a loss of $1.61 per share. Turning to Slide 4, I'll cover the allowance in more detail. The second quarter allowance build of $2.7 billion consists of $1.7 billion in card, $668 million in auto and $330 million in commercial. Our allowance is based primarily on an economic forecast derived from the consensus of third-party economists. That forecast includes unemployment in the second quarter of 16.9%, falling to 11.5% at the end of 2020 and gradually improving over the course of 2021 and at 8.1%. Of course, our strong credit performance so far shows that the normal relationship between unemployment and consumer credit has been significantly altered by lending hardship programs and especially by government stimulus, including direct consumer support through the CARES Act. Looking ahead, in our allowance we've assumed no such benefit from further stimulus beyond the residual benefits of the existing legislation, which starts running out after July.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on Slide 10, which summarizes second quarter results for our credit card business. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic drove second quarter results across all of our business segments. In our credit card business, loan balances, purchase volume and revenue, declined year over year. And as Scott just discussed, we posted a significant allowance build. Credit card segment results are a function of our domestic card results and trends, which are shown on Slide 11. Domestic card ending loan balances shrink by $3.6 billion or 3% year-over-year, while average loans declined 1%. Excluding the impact of the Walmart portfolio acquisition, ending loans shrink by around 10% year-over-year while average loans were down about 8%. Purchase volume for the quarter declined 15.5% compared to the prior year quarter. Looking at weekly trends, the year-over-year decline in purchase volume was down 32% in the second week of April and has since rebounded. Over the last three weeks ended July 17, the year-over-year decline has averaged just 3%. Total company net interchange revenue for the second quarter was down about 18% year-over-year. The declines in loan balances and purchase volume are a result of several factors; the broader effects of the pandemic, consumers behaving rationally in response to the COVID economic shutdown and our choices to pull back in marketing and tightened underwritings. As they've done in prior downturns, consumers are pulling in their spending and paying down balances. This cautious behavior is an important driver of both declining volumes and our strong credit performance.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As always as a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question with a single follow up. If you have any follow up questions after the Q&A session, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Matt, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you . Our first question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: A couple of questions, just first off I wanted to understand a little bit about the folks who had enrolled but are no longer enrolled. You have those nice charts on auto and the domestic card. And I wanted to understand the folks that have rolled off. What has their payment history been like and what are you anticipating over the next quarter from them?
Richard Fairbank: So, Betsy, the no longer enrolled population includes all customers who have either made a payment, or completed a billing cycle following the forbearance period and have not re-enrolled. As such, it is mostly customers who have resumed regular payment patterns but also includes a much smaller group of customers who have not resumed paying us and are advancing in or toward delinquency. You get visibility to customers in that situation through our normal delinquency reporting.
Betsy Graseck: And so my follow-up is the delinquencies look really good this quarter, and we see it every month obviously, when you give us update on the managed data. So, I guess I'm wondering, why you think there's that disconnect? And given the 11% reserve ratio you already have set aside against card and the low level of delinquencies you have. Do you see much in the way of reserve build in 3Q versus 2Q?
Scott Blackley: Betsy, why don't we work backwards and I'll go to your question on the allowance. With the allowance from here, it's really going to depend on some of the major drivers of our reserve build in the quarter. I talked about those being our economic scenario and our approach to stimulus. And I feel like those have both a conservative bias when I look at them at this point. So, I would say that I feel very good about the allowance that we've got today given what we've seen since the end of the quarter. But in the future, I think it's going to come down to if the economic outlook and forecasts get worse then that would lead to an allowance build. And then on the other side of that, all else being equal, if we did see more stimulus that would be a positive to the allowance and we could see an offset to the potential effects of the economic scenario that we built the allowance on this quarter. So, I don't have a specific guide for you as to whether we think it's going to be going up or down. But hopefully, that gives you a sense of what may drive it in the future.
Operator: Next question will come from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: So, maybe first from the dividend. So looks like the capacity to keep the dividend was higher for 3Q. So I guess, are you factoring in the income test staying in place beyond this quarter and do you expect to maintain the dividend beyond this quarter? And then I guess second, if you did maintain the $0.10, it does seem like there's a pretty sizable bounce back in earnings for the back half of the year. So, can you maybe just clarify what's been baked in. And just lastly, how quickly do you think you could reinstate the dividend? Thanks. And I have a follow up.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Ryan, and that was about four questions built into one, but let me give a couple of thoughts. So on the $0.10 dividend, I think if you did the math, which is based off of net income, technically I think we could pay about $0.13 dividend this quarter. We rounded down to a dime and of course that's subject to you know our Board approving that at some point in the future. And in terms of looking forward with Q4 at this point, I honestly don't know how the fed rules are going to play out into the fourth quarter. We don't know how that income limitation test is going to work if they're going to continue it on, you know that they've instituted a fall stress test for all of the 33 banks in CCAR. So, I'm not going to give a guide on where the dividend is going to be next quarter. We're committed to continuing to have a dividend. I appreciate how important that is to a number of our owners. And then I would just say with respect to earnings, you know we do have a net loss for the three cumulative quarters ended Q2, I think that we would need to make over $1.1 billion next quarter in order to pay dividends, whether or not that's going to happen. And I think it’s going to be really largely driven on what happens with the allowance, and I just talked about some of the drivers there. So, I don't mean to not be specific as to whether or not we're going to pay it. But I would just leave you with, we are committed to doing the best we can to make sure that we preserve the dividend.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And I'll try to be briefer in my second one. So, I guess, Rich, you know if you think about it. You have a bird's eye view of the most impacted verticals, consumer via card and auto, commercial including oil and gas and some high impacted commercial real estate. Could you rank order for us to just talk about your concerns in each of the asset classes where you're feeling better or worse relative to three months ago? And then second you talked about forbearing helping in the near term. Can you just maybe help us understand how to think about that historical relationship between unemployment and losses? Because it seems like you're reserving for a lot of historical relationships coming to fruition. But clearly, we could see benefits from the forbearance, helping customers make payments as you’ve showed in the slide.
Richard Fairbank: So on a little comparison here. Let me start with how the various parts of our business, the industries we're in entered the downturn. Our consumer business is the industries we felt that were particularly healthy, the card business I'd put at the top of the list in terms of a rational industry conservative underwriting by the players there. And the consumer was also, given how long in the tooth the downturn was, the consumer was still acting very rationally as well. So, all of those things are very different from the great recession and how we entered it, the industry entered that one. The auto business I'd give it pretty high marks going in for similar reasons and pretty strong consumer in a competitive environment that always kind of amplified and volatized, if you will, by dealer being an intermediary in the middle but pretty rational. We were concerned much more about the commercial business, because of practices, credit practices and behaviors, underwriting behaviors that we saw mostly outside of the banking industry in the institutional marketplace, but which it’s hard to avoid having that impact, the commercial banking part of the business as well. So, since then to me the thing that I'm most struck by is how strong yet again the consumers steps up and the rationality of the consumer I’m so struck by. The pulling back on purchases, savings rates going way up, payment rates, which also are kind of a hidden factor in slowing down growth, the flip side of good credit, those behaviors have just been very apparent across our consumer lending businesses. And I've always throughout my three decades of doing this, building this company, been very struck by how rational the consumer is and we see that there. The huge sort of elephant in the room on the consumer side and it's an elephant on the commercial side, as well as what happens to government stimulus. And I just think a lot of things have lined up that have softened the impact for consumers, even really those who have been unemployed. And so, we are seeing this great paradox of extraordinary credit performance in the middle of the worst economy metrics in our lifetimes. So, I think that's a hard one to prognosticate where it goes from here but I give really high marks to the strength of the consumer and I see solid continuing underwriting behavior by competitors in that marketplace. Commercial is really a blend of so many different marketplaces. And so while we have a lot of -- there's a lot of healthy industries we're in and where do we look with concern at the top of our list is energy, which is already taking it on the chin before the downturn, and is now struggling now even more so with what's happening to oil prices. The places that, other places of course in commercial real estate hotel, we have very small exposure there that's not a good area. We're pleased that we dialed back a lot on our retail CRE exposure. So, we feel quite good there. We have an eye out on the multifamily side just for the, what happens with the forbearance programs. For example, in New York, we're coming to the end of the 90-day moratorium on evictions and the increased unemployment pay. So, I think there's uncertainty there. So, it's a tale of a lot of different cities and commercial. But if I pull way up, I'm just -- every month as we go through the downturn with strong credit performance that's one more month of progress and it limits, it lessens the extent of the downside and the rest of the pandemic. But we've got the big wild card as we referred to, you see it reflected in our allowance build. And therefore, we're managing in a very dichotomous situation here that is quite extraordinary to experience.
Operator: Next question will come from Rick Shane with J.P. Morgan.
Rick Shane: I'm really struck by the difference between the utilization of the customer assistance programs on the auto side and the card side. Is that a reflection in the current environment of the utility of the credit card versus the utility of card, or is it a function of the amortizing nature of auto loans versus the minimum payment ability on a card?
Richard Fairbank: I think it is, there are several things going on. And you see this effect to Capital One and you can also see it across the industry. There's just naturally a lot more ambient demand or forbearance programs in the auto business than there is in cards. By the way, you could also add mortgage into that comment that there's a lot of demand there. So, one fundamental reason is that auto payments are typically much higher than card minimum payment. And so, they're just more likely to be beyond the reach of a given customer whose income is disrupted. And within both businesses, not just as we compare across the two businesses but within both businesses, we've seen a strong correlation between demand for forbearance programs and the size of the payment due. The second reason I think also in that auto the stakes are higher for the customer and they're very motivated to make sure that they can keep the car. So, we're not surprised by these differences. One thing that I think is just a point, an investor point here is that because a relatively small number of our card customers have in fact raised their hand to obtain to programs, and so many of them are already getting out of this. I think you're able to have a really clear, pretty darn clear window into the credit performance of Capital One, even inclusive of the forbearance programs. It's a little harder to, because the auto forbearance numbers are larger, it's not quite as clear in terms of where the credit numbers overtime will go, even though we are certainly very bullish about how well the program is performing. But I think what I kind of feel investors, they're little bit throwing their hands up and say in a period of with all this forbearance going on in individual companies, how are we able to read the credit metrics. I think, there is a high level of clarity on the card side in particular at the moment.
Rick Shane: And that actually segues perfectly into my follow up, which is that when we look then at the reserve or the allowance levels for each of the products, the implied loss frequency on card is substantially higher. Is the way to think of the longer this persists there is more embedded risk in the card portfolio?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think that the loss rates on card are higher, because it's a unsecured product. Rick, I also think that when it comes to the auto business, we have fairly high levels of recovery on the collateral there. And then in the reserving that we've done this particular quarter in auto, a portion of that was actually driven by the growth that we saw there. So, I think they're just different asset classes with different characteristics and certainly the average card book has higher losses than what we see in our auto book.
Operator: The next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: I guess I have a two part question or two questions on preprovision earnings. Scott, maybe you could just outline how you see the NIM and revenue unfolding over the course of the year, and maybe any other mitigation efforts you might have? And then secondly, as far as loan growth is concerned, Rich talked about the improving trends in purchase volume. You've also had some of the other auto finance players talking about OEM production increasing and that might lead to no dealer inventory to sell and loan growth. Could you just talk about broadly sort of loan growth as it unfolds over the rest of the year?
Scott Blackley: So Sanjay, I'll start off on some thoughts around NIM. And you know, it certainly feels like NIM is kind of at the low end of where I would expect it should be for our company. And there's a few factors driving that, which I talked about in my comments and talking points. But if you think about where that might be going in the future, I'd say a couple of things. First of all, we're working really hard to continue to deploy more of our cash into higher yielding investments, whether that's the investment portfolio where I think we can put some work there, offsetting wholesale funding, maturities, those are some examples. But candidly given the current rate environment where we are in this downturn, I would anticipate that cash levels are going to remain high until we start to see some stabilization there. So, we'll try to make some progress but I don't think we'll be able to really change that dramatically. On the asset mix effects, certainly the decreasing card this quarter was a big headwind on our net interest margin. I think depending on what happens with our opportunities in the market, where we feel comfortable continuing to step in, those will be major drivers of what happens to NIM going forward. And then on the deposit side, I think the benchmark rates have fallen more than what we've seen in our pricing. And as Rich talked about in his talking points, some of our pricing actions happened late in the quarter. So, we'll see the full benefit of those coming through next quarter, which should be a tailwind for NIM. I also think that we're starting to see datas accelerating across the industry and I think there's probably more opportunities for continuing to price down deposits at this point in the cycle. So, that's kind of where I see NIM going from here. On loan growth outlook, I think that that that is a bit of a question mark about how this pandemic plays out and where we see opportunities. We've obviously found that there's some great opportunities in auto in ways that we feel comfortable with our origination strategy and what we're seeing in there. With respect to card, there's certainly pockets where we think we can continue to acquire new accounts. And we'll have to see how payment rates play out, because that's a major driver in what happens with outstandings. We've seen great credit, part of that is high payment rates. The flip side of that is that that has a tendency to drive down outstanding. So, on low growth, I think that we're a little bit kind of looking at what is available in the market is going to drive our behavior. And it’s a time now to be to be cautious but we also are always looking for opportunities to take advantage of spots where we see the market available to us.
Operator: And our next question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo. 
Don Fandetti: I know there's some concern around economic weakness in the south and southwest more recently. Have you seen anything that would suggest there's some pressure? And also the forbearance and cards, looks like it maybe have ticked up a little bit. Just curious if that's continuing to hold steady?
Scott Blackley: So Don, we have not seen any big geographical effects. We certainly are on the lookout for them. I think the government stimulus and the forbearance that's generally going on in the industry has sort of moderated credit issues broadly across all the geographies. With respect to forbearance, there's a reasonable amount of variation by state in a way that's intuitive given the differential impact of the virus so far. So for example, in our card business, Florida, New Jersey, New York, certainly, earlier on have been states with some of the highest enrollment rate. So, the forbearance thing it matches intuition pretty closely.
Richard Fairbank: Don, just one more comment on your question about regional differences. A lot of the information that we're looking at tends to be backward looking. And so as this pandemic is evolving, we haven't seen anything specific with the south or the southwest just yet, that may be because we're looking at backward facing data and there may be more coming.
Don Fandetti: And then I guess, you'd mentioned there's no additional stimulus built into your reserve build. The $600 extra average weekly unemployment is pretty material. Would you agree that that could have a material impact on your charge-offs if that were not extended?
Richard Fairbank: Well, that's a big part of why our allowance builds have been the size that they are is that we had certainly seen that there has been an effective income replacement with a lot of the unemployment benefits that you talked about, as well as just other direct-to-consumer stimulus. And to the extent that that unemployment isn't offset with other programs or even forbearance, our allowance is built on a premise that that would translate into higher losses at some point in the future.
Operator: Next question will comes from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Rich or Scott, my question is about the loss curve. My own model is showing an very unusual shape which is as, it’s pretty flat to the third quarter and stairs up higher in the fourth as some of the deferral actions have been. And then set functions higher again in the second quarter of next year when the deferral on the assumption that some of those deferred cash flows are going to service other kinds of debt. Could you just give me a sense of about your own view of the loss curve looks like and whether it looks unusual relative to…
Jeff Norris: Eric? Excuse me, Eric. I'm so sorry. We're having a great deal of difficulty understanding you.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay. Can you hear me better now?
Jeff Norris: It's still a little muddled. I'm so sorry.
Eric Wasserstrom: Is it any better now? That's much better.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Sorry about that. My question was just about your expectations for the shape of the loss curve, whether in fact it still looks like a curve or more like a step function at different levels of forbearance, whether it's your own or whether it's things like GSE forbearance, which may influence how other asset classes perform.
Richard Fairbank: Eric, one of the challenges that we faced in our allowances this exact point that you're bringing up. We've got a delinquency inventory that has incredibly low delinquency embedded in it right now and an unemployment forecast that's suggesting that that's got to normalize at some point. How that's going to workout I think is going to really depend on what happens with stimulus. If we do see some of this stimulus just suddenly drop-off, I think we will see some clip function around that starting to translate into delinquencies. Whether or not how forbearance impacts that, I'm sure that there will be some tempering with forbearance that will continue on in those periods. But I would anticipate that the lack of stimulus would be the major driver in terms of where loss curves would look like here in overtime if those benefits weigh off.
Eric Wasserstrom: And then my follow-up is just on OpEx. Rich, obviously good to hear about the reinstation of the, the reinstatement of the efficiency target. But has there been any change or incremental actions or anything incremental to the prior target that you're looking at given the current circumstances?
Richard Fairbank: So, Eric, there are natural forces in a sharp downturn like this that pressure the revenue trajectory. Certainly, with the purchase volume declines the demand for card loans drop and interest rates fall. So, we certainly, the pressure is certainly coming on the revenue side. So, in terms of what we're doing, the actions that we're taking, we talked about we're tightening our extension of new credit. We’re pulling back on marketing. And these things naturally put pressure on loan growth. So, kind of to your point. So what we're, first of all on the revenue side, we, it's not a binary thing to us that where there’s a downturn so therefore, one hunkers down. We have a lot of experience over all these years living through downturns. We have to us, all of our choices are very, very segment and micro segments specific. So there's going to be a real gradient with respect to how we lean into those opportunities in this environment. But I don't want to leave the impression that we're just totally in hunker down mode until the pandemic end. But what we have done is we kind of started the downturn with a pretty broad pullback as the world was kind of in physical free fall. And then we have really carefully assessed by segment what are we getting as, what kind of information we have that can help us predict how consumers are going to do in this particular pandemic? What are we seeing with respect to adverse selection, or in few cases maybe even some paradoxical positive selection that you sometimes see in a downturn like this. So, our energy is particularly focused on the response, the differential response we're doing during the pandemic and leveraging the information we have, including the ability to get a bunch of information in real time, because of our tech transformation in order to find some good revenue opportunities. On the expense, side we have really tightened up on hiring. For example, that's a very natural thing to do and we have done that. We are meeting very frequently, just working on overall how can we manage our expenses really tightly. And this is all in the context where we still importantly making the necessary investments to manage the pandemic response. We don't want to certainly cut back on that. We still expect to benefit from the exit of the data centers. Later this year, all of that is unaffected by the pandemic. And of course, in terms of the total efficiency ratio, the reduction in marketing is a good guy for total efficiency ratio. So, when we look at what it was that drove us to target to 42% annual operating efficiency ratio. All of those same factors and the things happening with our business model and the success in technology and all of that, all of that is still entirely intact with respect to the business model. This is all about timing at this point. And so, we've pulled back on the timing of our commitment to that target. But the energy and what led us to achieve the kind of success we have on the efficiency side, what led us to achieve the tech success and all the things that had gotten us where we are on the credit side, all of that energy is we're all in on that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse. 
Moshe Orenbuch: I guess Scott or Rich, could you talk a little bit about when you think about the level of reserves going forward. You talked a lot about, Scott talked a lot about stimulus a couple of times. But assuming that that's going to be one item that when you think about changes, is it going to be changes in unemployment? Or how much can the consumer behavior that you've seen that's a positive impact your kind of expectation for how much reserves are needed? Or is it just going to be based on that employment level?
Scott Blackley: Well, I think Moshe, thus far, a lot of the consumer behavior is driving what we're seeing in terms of credit performance. So that's a huge part of it some of that stimulus but I think some of it is just disciplined behavior by consumers and by a lot of our competitors in the industry. As I think about going forward, I do think that as I talked about earlier. I think stimulus is going to be a major driver of what happens with the reserve. But I do believe that the consumer had that experience from the financial crisis. A lot of wisdom that has been learned there. And we've seen a lot of discipline in that regard. So, I'm not sure that as I think about where the allowances going while unemployment is going to be a major driver, I think that some of the other factors that we've talked about and Rich mentioned several of them in his talking points, are going to be important offsets there in terms of what might happen in terms of good relationship between unemployment and the credit losses as we go forward.
Moshe Orenbuch: And following up on the previous question about marketing, I mean, it's kind of pretty stark if you think about. You probably have, I don't know, north of a 60% decline in credit card marketing in the quarter and you've got volumes actually up double digits in auto. Can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the two markets that kind of make that the right way to go right now? And what would make you want to start marketing again more activity in the card space?
Richard Fairbank: So Moshe, let me just talk a little bit about auto and then move to credit card. So, we actually in both card and auto, our first response was to tighten underwriting and we have had a tighter credit box in both of the businesses. There are number of things happening in the auto business that sort of are causing better high-quality volume to come Capital One's way even with the tighter credit box. And so, we're scrutinizing very, very carefully with everything about what we see in this volume and the early performance. But, I wouldn't underestimate the importance of the digital capabilities that we have that have been helpful during the pandemic. But we'll have to see what competition does overtime. And we're going to again really, really carefully scrutinize what comes in. There's also in the auto side particularly in certain segments of the business ability to have a lot more information in real time, which can allow one to have more clarity on the customer's condition, situation and with better guess then on how they may perform. So on the card side, typically in underwriting there is less information available in unsecured loan of course. And we’re even at a time where the reliability of credit bureau information is likely less over this period of time, just because of certain things about companies not reporting on forbearance during this period of time. So, that also make things a little bit more challenging. Now the flip side of that, Moshe, for us where we have been, we always talk about the origination lever and the credit line lever are two separate decisions. And we've always said that the real, for a lot of our business, the real exposure comes on the credit line side, not really the origination side. So, we have been more leaning in on the origination side and the conservatism has particularly come with respect to credit lines. And as you know from having watched us manage that through time, we're trying to continue to build the potential energy as carried by the originating new accounts, hold back for the time being on the credit line and then trying to get as much information as we can on each customer and watching very carefully their situation, pick -- over time really open up on the credit lines. But the loan growth will come more on the credit line side and that is a level and a dial that we're going to be managing along the way during the downturn. So, the net effect of all of that is something that ends up with, you know, at this point higher volumes in card. And then the final point I want to make is the relationship of course between marketing and all this, because you know dial backs in marketing tend to therefore generate lower volume. So, what early on in the downturn like most of the other players, we dialed back in marketing. What we are doing is like everything is not a one size fits all, but it's going to be a sloped level of marketing by channel, by segment, by product. But we're hopeful that we can generate some good origination results over time by a very sloped differential customized effort on the marketing side.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: Richard, pretty high level question and you touched on some of the components of the answer it is, but I figure I'd still ask it anyway. So, you've managed this business through variety of different downturns and pullbacks, and recognizing that this one is much different than and they all are different I suppose. At this point of the downturn, how do you see yourself as prioritizing different objectives, and what kind of opportunities might come out of that if you compare and contrast this one to the last few downturns?
Richard Fairbank: I think a few things about this downturn that are different. Again, I think on the consumer side, significantly more healthy consumer and marketplace going into this one then the last one. So the last one had to work its way through so many kind of structural problems on the way to getting to the other side of the downturn. It made the last great recession that was tough. So, it’s a cleaner situation on the consumer side of the business. The really striking thing about this downturn is how immediate it was. You look back to the great recession. I mean, lots of the indicators were there in ‘07, but this was a rolling downturn that took a lot of months and even sort of measured in years to play out. In this one, I'm so struck by the fact that everybody sort goes down the elevator at the same time. We're talking about consumers, we're talking about companies who serve them, banks and the government. I think, so because of the vertical drop down the elevator where it's not clear what floor it’s going to stop at you saw such a conservative response by consumers that that's the flip side. So that's bad for volumes but really good for my credit health and savings and all the aspects of that. That is really striking in comparison to any downturn I've seen before. Because of the vertical drop, you've also seen companies really you know mobilize in very rational ways and pull back much more quickly than they did in the downturn and that leads to a healthier situation as well. And then I think the vertical drop allowed the political environment to coalesce around significant stimulus programs that would be so difficult if this were rolling 18 months to really get into this then. So that to me is what is so unique about this. And so, now it's led to this really extraordinary kind of paradoxical situation where the actual performance of the customers. And I'm especially talking about the consumer business, the performance is so strong but the economic numbers are so bad. A lot of, how these things play out is really going to be driven by choices that happen on the government side or perhaps the collective forbearance choices that will be made by the banking industry and beyond. But another thing that I think is important, Jeff, as a mental thought here is think about a metaphor a downturn tends to have. Worsening is like big mountain and things go way up and then they come down. With every month of solid performance by the consumer in a sense, we're burrowing a tunnel through the mountain. And every month that passes as you get through the mountain in some sense, all other things being equal, it can serve to limit some of the downside that can come in even as there's a fairly rapid ascent if some of the stimulus, for example, is removed. But in all of this what I find this very energizing times from a business point of view to look for where are the risks, where are the differential opportunities, how can we capitalize on the ability to do real time underwriting and leverage a lot of data and that data is a pay off of our tech transformation and leverage three decades of experience, but also really understand what is unique about this downturn. And I think, we are -- that's what we're spending so much energy doing right now. And I think across our businesses, there's going to be a very sloped kind of amount of growth or shrinkage depending on the unique opportunity.
Operator: And our final question of the evening will come from Bob Napoli with William Blair. 
Bob Napoli: Strange times indeed, most of the questions on credit. But I guess, Rich, I think just one thing. And I tend to agree with your comment that the longer this goes the less risk I think on the consumer side. And do you think that the stimulus and the consumer reaction has essentially covered some of the charge-offs that would have occurred, that they will not occur because of the stimulus funds that were available? And then said it seems that some people think that companies such as yours don't make any adjustments to the underwriting side. But what percentage of your current borrowers in the credit card business are unemployed? And when you're making underwriting new loans, I would assume that new loans don't go to people who are unemployed. You don't extend credit lines to those that are generally unemployed. But do you also carry that further and look by industry and say, well, Delta Airlines is about to lay-off half of their workforce, we probably should be more conservative with airline employees. And so just some thoughts on whether you think those charge-offs are permanently removed, because of stimulus potentially. And then just some comments on the underwriting. How many of your current borrowers are unemployed and how you have changed underwriting?
Richard Fairbank: So, I don't think we have a rigorous measure of how many of our current borrowers are unemployed. But since we have a big chunk of America, I think that our borrowing base is reflective of America. And there are a lot of people that are in different degrees of unemployment right now. And so, even as there's such great credit performance right now, what we're  about is kind of looking beyond that to a number of the things that, you've talked about how to underwrite with as much information as we can and as wisely as we can. Past performance is not necessarily such a great predictor of future performance at a time like this. But we call our whole strategy at Capital One the information-based strategy. This is a time where data really matters. And so, we're putting a lot of energy into that very thing, along the lines of a lot of things that you're talking about. So, marshalling as much information as we can, leveraging the capabilities Capital One has built to having data is one thing, getting data and leveraging it in real time is another thing. And that's one of the things that we've been focused on with respect to our technology transformation. And then finally, how does one also in a world where you can't be assertive on the underwriting side, how do we put other mitigating protections in, in the structure of how we build our products. And the low line credit, the low line strategy that Capital One particularly is beneficial at a time like this. Originating with lower lines and saying we'll waiting for awhile on the line increase side of things. But we will continue to originate the account subject to the tighter credit box we talked about. On the auto side, we have invested very heavily in real time information-based underwriting. And like I said earlier, the amount of data available in the auto underwriting process in real time compared with card is a whole level higher. I mean, it’s partly an industry point and partly some of the particular places that we've gone at Capital One. And so, I think that with some of the clarity that we're able to see particularly well there, we can make some good choices but also we're able to put in more structures, more protections, stronger pricing, into the underwriting that's a very important thing in addition to just the prediction of the underlying risk of the consumer themselves.
Bob Napoli: Great, appreciate your answers and have good evening.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks very much, Bob.
Jeff Norris: I'd like to thank all of you for joining us on this conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, investors relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good night, everyone.
Operator: That does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Today's conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Matt, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's first quarter 2020 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live on the Internet. Something that's not quite as usual in a time of social distancing, we're each webcasting from our own home, so please be patient with us if there's an occasional awkward pause or dog barking.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening, everyone. Before we get into first quarter results, I'll begin tonight with an overview of COVID-19 and its impact. In roughly the last two weeks of the first quarter, the world changed abruptly as the spread of COVID-19 accelerated. Like all of you, we're watching with empathy and gratitude as people and communities take extraordinary action, care for the sick, support first responders and slow the transmission of the virus. At Capital One, we're focused on the well-being of our associates, our customers and the communities we serve, and we've fully mobilized to do our part to make an immediate positive impact. Enabled by our technology transformation, about 80% of our associates and 98% of our non-branch associates smoothly transitioned to remote working arrangements and are now securely and productively working from home. For our associates who must be at Capital One location, we've taken steps to improve social distancing, adopted flexible attendance and leave policies and increased hourly pay. For our customers, we're offering a range of forbearance options and taking steps to make it easier for banking customers to access their money while social distancing.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Rich. Capital One lost $1.3 billion or $3.10 per share in the first quarter. Net of adjusting items, our EPS loss in the quarter was $3.02, driven by a $3.6 billion allowance build. Turning to Slide 4, I'll cover the allowance in more detail. The adoption of CECL increased our allowance by $2.8 billion, as of January 1, 2020, in line with previously communicated expectations. Our first quarter allowance build of $3.6 billion consists of $2.2 billion in card, approximately $600 million in auto and approximately $700 million in commercial. We modeled several economic scenarios and then we added some judgmental overlays in determining our allowance. The most heavily weighted of these economic scenarios included a sharp increase to a peak unemployment during Q2 2020 of 9.5%, followed by an improvement into 2021. I would encourage you not to get too focused on the headline unemployment rate because it was just one of the many variables impacting our allowance.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. This quarter, there is an obvious recurring theme in each of our businesses and for the company. First quarter results reflect two distinct time periods: January 1st through mid-March before COVID-19 impacts took hold; and the last two weeks of the quarter when COVID-19 drove sharp changes in many metrics and trends. Pre-COVID-19 results generally show solid momentum and strong performance on growth, credit and efficiency that have put Capital One in a strong position. Post-COVID-19 trends show a clear inflection, but there's too much uncertainty to simply extrapolate recent trends. With that context, I'll pick up on slide 10, which summarizes first quarter results for our credit card business. Pre-provision results were solid in the first quarter, with continued year-over-year growth in loans and purchase volumes. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic card business, which is shown on Slide 11. Domestic card ending loan balances increased 8.4% year-over-year, driven by the addition of the acquired Walmart portfolio. The emergence of COVID-19 impacts late in the quarter caused a deceleration in the growth of ending loan balance. First quarter average loans grew 11% year-over-year. First quarter purchase volume was up 8% from the first quarter of 2019, with strong growth through most of the quarter partially offset by sharp declines near the end of the quarter. By the end of the first quarter, weekly purchase volume was running at a year-over-year decline of about 30%. Consistent with industry trends, our largest declines were in travel and entertainment, restaurants and discretionary retail. These category decreases were partially offset by an increase in spending at supermarkets and discount stores. Through April 17, weekly purchase volume continues to be down about 30% year-over-year. Revenue increased 2% year-over-year. Growth in average loans was offset by lower revenue margin. The revenue margin declined 129 basis points compared to the first quarter of 2019.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any additional follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available to answer them. Matt, please start the Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you.  The first question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Good evening. Thanks for taking the call and hope everybody is safe there. Rich, I guess I just wanted to understand how you're thinking about the card business as we go through the next couple of years, in particular, how to integrate the new Walmart portfolio and relationship into the business that you've got and what it means for growth in that portfolio with that customer set?
Richard Fairbank: So, Betsy, good evening. The Walmart integration has really happened. And so we have a wonderful working partnership with Walmart, really exceptional. And they -- I've been struck by how much they appreciate the importance of the card in their business and in their future digital business opportunity. And so we've been optimistic for what this partnership can be. At the moment, financially, the partnership is dominated by the economics of the back book portfolio that we acquired and that's fully integrated and that's performing as expected. And we have been working very hard with Walmart to put in place the elements and the channels and the opportunities for originations. COVID-19 coming along is a bit of a challenge in the middle of this, and so probably that business will, like all of our businesses, probably be subject to some of the demand impacts and changes that I mentioned relative to what typically happens in a downturn. But we're still very focused on moving forward with them. And what I'm struck by also is the -- we take the very same perspectives on how to manage credit in this environment, where to find the opportunities. And so we'll be continuing to move forward.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks. And then as a follow-up, just wanted to turn to the outlook for the reserve you went through very detailed segment by segment, which is very much appreciated. Wanted to understand, how you think about that reserve as we -- as the next couple of quarters unfold. I realize the 9.5% peak unemployment is 2Q 2020, but that you put the qualitative overlays on. So how much more unemployment do you feel like you've baked into the current reserve level just so we can get a sense as to when we see the numbers come out, how we should be flexing future reserve builds, if any?
Scott Blackley: Hey, Betsy, thanks for the question. I think that the -- I would start off by saying the reserve -- when we topped up the reserve at the end of the quarter, we actually didn't go and do another model run. We just did an overlay. So I can't get too precise in saying like, 'Hey, here's a specific number that I would tie to our reserve in terms of unemployment level.' And just in general, in terms of how to think about the reserve going forward, I would just say that, that may not be quite as simple as just taking the headline unemployment and tying that to the size of the allowance. I just was talking about the fact that we did do this late add to the reserve based on some of the worsening economic forecasts we had. And then the second thing I would just say is that we've got -- I think we're just going to see a lot more data in the next 90 days before we have to close the books again. And thinking about kind of the path of the country's response on the virus, how the consumer is going to react to all the stimulus, and we'll actually also have some credit data by the time we close the books next quarter, which, of course, we're going to use all those things to refine our allowance estimate. So at this point, I'd really like to see that data before I speculate on where the allowance might be added.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Thank you. So Scott, thanks for the color on the reserve build. I mean, if I look at your allowance, my personal view is that you guys took a more conservative approach, so we appreciate that. I think some of the card issuers may have a bigger reserve build next quarter. But Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about loan growth and what your plans are in cards. I know, if I go back to the credit crisis, your loan growth declined significantly. And can you just provide some thoughts on stimulus in terms of what the offset might be and how we could think about that?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Thanks, Don. So the first thing that I think is striking -- well, from my experience across several downturns and then thinking about how to interpret this downturn, of course, we haven't seen anything as precipitous as this particular one. But a couple of things tend to naturally happen in cards. The lower purchase volume, obviously, very striking, particularly in this downturn at this point, but lower demand for credit, lower requests for credit line increases, and I want to pause on that because I think there is a intuitive logic people would think, well, wait a minute. When customers feel the strain of a downturn, surely, a lot of them have to be beating a path to try to get more credit. And what I've seen in the past and what we're already seeing here is that consumer behavior tends to be in general one of battening down the hatches a bit, being more conservative, increasing their savings if they have an opportunity to do that, sometimes paying down debt. Now, obviously, there's a huge gradient across customers. But I just wanted to say that our expectation and what we're seeing in a matter of weeks is something that is left on the demand side, and I think -- I would guess that during the period when consumers feel a lot of uncertainty, I think that at least for that period of time that demand will be less. It's also really quite plausible that as things settle out on the other side, consumers will still carry that cautiousness with them. We saw some of that after the Great Recession that there were some behavioral changes in that particular case. Then I want to overlay on top of that what we're doing at Capital One. We're making here very, very early and into the, sort of, free fall period of the economy. We're making choices that are right out of our playbook in downturns and certainly, I think, make a lot of sense of this downturn, tightening our extension of new credit to avoid the heightened risk of adverse selection. And then we're also pulling back on near-term marketing in response to the decreased opportunity at this very moment for quality growth. And, of course, the decreased marketing has a bit of a -- that will itself flow into a little bit on the growth side. So the combination of these natural trends and our actions put downward pressure on loan balances. Now, I really want to stress that this is a moment in time and this is how the market's reacting, the consumer is reacting and the choices we're making at this moment in time. We have really structured our business and our playbooks to be always testing and looking for inflection points and to see where the opportunities can come and we will pounce on them when they do. One other thing, I want to say is, it's not like there's going to be a single inflection point and then suddenly sort of the -- the sun is going to come out. The way opportunities will emerge, will be probably really quite sloped by product area. We found, across business lines, the sort of inflection point varied by many, many months in our business. And then it will vary by segment, probably by geography. So right now, it's the time to be cautious. And -- but we're very, very closely monitoring where opportunities and -- where and when opportunities will present themselves.
Jeff Norris: Do you have a follow-up Don? Next question please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Hope you guys are doing well. Rich, you talked about pulling back on marketing, and obviously, that wasn't as evident in the first quarter. But when we think about magnitude that you could pull back on marketing and even other expenses, could you just walk us through how you're thinking about it over the course of the period that we're going to experience this weakness as a result of COVID-19?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Let me talk about the -- let me start with the marketing first. So right now, we're pulling back in a number of areas to avoid the heightened risk of adverse selection. So these areas include some pullbacks in digital and online origination channels, direct mail; on the advertising side, certain product-oriented national advertising. At the same -- we're continuing to originate through some channels. We are -- but we're also continuing to invest in our brand, although the overall brand investment is down, and we are at full levels of marketing on our national banking side. In fact, the whole -- most of the things that are going on, the incredible importance of digital banking experiences the -- just about all of the trends are sort of consistent with an acceleration and the kind of things, we’ve been looking towards consumer behavior relative to our national bank. So we’re -- saw a green light on that one. So and again, I am talking moment in time and these things are lines of coming calls like I have always said, so this is not -- these are not predictions of sustained set of choices we’re making. I am just sharing with you the choices that we are making in this particular phase of this downturn. So relative to expenses overall and we have wonderful momentum in our company, and in our businesses and in our tax transformation. So the very immediate choices are more around choices of credit risk in the margin, the marketing that we're doing, we are tightening up on hiring and tightly managing operating expenses as we continue to monitor the trajectory and character of this downturn.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And I appreciate slide 16, which goes through some of the commercial oil and gas portfolio exposures. But I don't know, Scott, if you could just help us think through the sensitivities around this, because we're hearing all sorts of stuff happening with the price of oil. Maybe if you could help us think about how that sort of translates into this. And also, there were lots of news articles about hedging and derivative contracts and how it affects you. Maybe you could just clear the air on that as well. Thank you.
Scott Blackley: Sure. Thanks, Sanjay. So just starting off on E&P. On -- or excuse me, the energy business. So that business you see in the slides is really predominantly an exploration and production business. And when we did the allowance, we based a lot of the allowance on where the revenue stream that those producers are going to have, which is basically the forward oil prices. And even with this near -- the short-term disruption, that was all about spot prices and not so much about the longer-term prices. So I wouldn't get too worried about kind of that short-term disruption in the market. Overall, when I look at that industry and where we are and what is going on with just the incredible reduction in the use of oil and gas, I would just say this. When we set this reserve up, the significant portion of it, we added some non-specific reserves, these aren't reserves associated with specific names that are struggling. We did a pretty healthy amount of qualitative reserves, just based on the risk of a number of these names just continuing to struggle. So I feel pretty good about the level that we put in there in spite of everything that we've seen in the last several weeks. And then moving on to your other questions about kind of what is going on with the commodities. So Capital One has a business which does some commodities trading on behalf of our customers. And our net exposure to commodity price risk is de minimis. We did ask the CFTC for a temporary relief from being designated as a major swap participant, which is the lowest level in that regulatory hierarchy. And we did that mainly because there could be some -- the price volatility could move some of our positions into levels that would trigger that registration. And we really do appreciate the speed that the CFTC granted relief for us and against not having to necessarily register. However, because the request was really broadly misunderstood in the marketplace, we did notify the CFTC that we're not going to rely on that waiver, and we're going to go ahead and register if derivative volumes reach the threshold that would require us to register. I just have a couple of other comments there. So, one, our commercial bank does not engage in speculative derivative trading. Since 2015, we've provided, as I said, commodity price hedges as a service to our oil and gas customers. And then when we do these trades, we basically have back-to-back trades. We enter into a trade with our customer and we enter into an offsetting trade with Wall Street, and so we're really sitting here in a very low-risk position. And I would just say, at the moment, there's no outstanding margin calls. We reduced our risk exposure to commodities essentially to zero. And you can look in our 10-Ks and Qs and see that this is normal hedging activities. And if there's any updates there on that, we'll point that out there. But hopefully, that clears the air there.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks for taking my question. Can you hear me okay there?
Richard Fairbank: Yes.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay, great. Thanks. So, also on a credit question. As we think about the reserve adequacy in the card segment, if you -- I know that you indicated that it's, I think, only reserving for the proportion of the COVID-19 programs in what you actually bear the risk. But is the loss content in those programs significantly different than it is in your overall portfolio such that it will significantly skew that ratio in some way?
Scott Blackley: I think that Eric, the thing I would just say there, so one, the loss sharing in those arrangements, we only recognize in our allowance and in our charge-offs our portion of the loss, and some of these loss sharing arrangements, we've talked about that the Walmart loss sharing arrangement includes significant loss sharing. And so as a consequence, we -- it really does decrease the amount of coverage that is necessary required to cover our portion of those losses. So, while the book itself may have losses that are appropriately reflective of the types of customers that are in there, we end up having a much smaller portion of losses that we recognize and our coverage levels are appropriately lower given that relationship.
Eric Wasserstrom: Okay, great. Thank you for that. And just as a follow-up, maybe to reframe some of the questions that had been posed. I mean, I think one of the things that the investment community is struggling with is that subsequent to the close of the quarter, I think saw economic conditions and expectations have continued to deteriorate. And so in that context, again, like how should we think directionally about the adequacy of reserves across the different products? Is there a greater likelihood of needing to do another true-up under the position, forward-looking economic expectations? Or do you feel like you had a lot -- a good enough look into April trends such that the first quarter's provision really compensated a lot of that already?
Scott Blackley: Well, we did -- I mentioned this, we did make some adjustments to our modeled reserve as we closed the books in the first week of April. I really want to just emphasize that I -- we have certainly seen some scenarios, particularly economic scenarios that are more severe than what we modeled. But on the other hand, we've seen more stimulus that's been brought to bear since then as well. And I said this earlier, but I really think that we -- it is very hard for us to predict where this -- the allowance might be headed. There's such an important relationship of government stimulus and hardship programs that really are going to work to help offset some of the economic challenges that we're seeing right now. And I just -- I don't have a good sense about the allowance going to be bigger or smaller. I really just want to see a little bit more data before we have a lean in either direction.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Can everyone here me?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, we can Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening, everyone. So maybe one question and a follow-up for me. So Rich, if you look, the stock's trading at a $30 discount to tangible capital since this pandemic began on concerns that this could obviously end up eating into the capital base of the company. When I look, your 12% CET1 is amongst the highest in the industry even after building significant reserves. So when you just think about -- I know it's hard to predict at this time, but when you think about the different range of outcomes, combined with the fact that you're halting buybacks, the balance sheet sounds like it's going to be shrinking, how do you think about capital and capital progression in this kind of environment?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Ryan, I think we entered this downturn, I think about the choices that we have made over the years and coming from the sort of risk management philosophy that deepened in the way this company is founded and even a number of choices that were made over the last few years, and I think we enter this downturn in a really good position. And Ryan, would it be useful possibly to the aperture of your question and sort of compare -- do a little bit of a calibration about going through the Great Recession and calibrate to how I feel about this time around? Not that we can predict this downturn, but in other words though, just thoughts about that experience and comparing some of the resilience dynamics, would that be helpful in -- my question?
Ryan Nash: Well, my follow-up question was actually going to be, and I think everybody is kind of alluding to this on this call, the fact that as we see unemployment reach certain levels, there's an underlying assumption that losses are going to rise to similar amounts. So I actually think it would be helpful for you to compare and contrast this to the financial crisis. What's different? And what are the factors, whether it's the card Act or anything else that's changed across the industry that you think will make those relationships no longer hold?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So knowing, of course, that this particular downturn is so early, nobody knows how prolonged this will be, how severe it will be, what the recovery will look like, or how much government support and forbearance there will be and how it mitigates the economic effects. So with those caveats, let me talk a little bit about the marketplace as we entered the downturn, some of the things on both sides of the ledger at -- in terms of resilience levers and opportunities and then -- so let me start with the marketplace. Let me start with the consumer. I think the U.S. consumer is in much better shape than at the outset of the Great Recession. Consumer debt levels are lower on a per capita basis. Payment obligations are lower still, supported by low interest rates. The savings rate over the past few years is double what it was before the Great Recession. And we're not dealing with a structural problem in the economy like the housing sector pre-Great Recession that had to work itself out over multiple years before we could see a sustained recovery. In corporate markets, as we've mentioned in earnings calls over the last few years, there are some mounting, kind of, competitive challenges, including higher debt levels, lower interest coverage, weaker covenants, all of which feel weaker than before the Great Recession. On the other hand, the banks have been a smaller part of this trend and increasing leverage, with capital markets and non-banks taking an increasing share of this growth. At Capital One, we weathered the Great Recession very well and demonstrated the resilience of our business model. Today, we have a stronger capital position and a stronger liquidity position than we had going into the last crisis. And let me comment briefly about each of our major lending businesses. There are some offsetting factors that impact the resilience of our card business relative to the last downturn. The Card Act has leveled the playing field but it has negatively impacted resilience by banning the repricing of existing balances. And changes to accounting rules now dramatically amplify the volatility of allowance, although this doesn't change the underlying resilience of our lending portfolios. And, of course, there, we're talking about both FAS 166, 167 and CECL. And our returns, while still very strong are somewhat lower than they were prior to the Great Recession. We have changed the mix of our portfolio, reducing our exposure to high balance revolvers and significantly growing our spender business at the top of the market and building a stronger customer franchise across the portfolio. And we built loss sharing into most of our partnership deals, which improves our resilience. In the auto business, we have lower charge-offs, higher returns, a strong franchise built one deep dealer relationship at a time and a more resilient strategy. Our commercial business did exceptionally well in the Great Recession, but was aided by a business mix and a geography that did not get severely impacted during the downturn. Our commercial portfolio was still in a developing stage in '08. It looks pretty different today. We've exited or reduced exposure to several less resilient segments like small ticket commercial mortgages and equipment finance. We've invested in building specialty businesses to generate better risk-adjusted returns. And we've increased noncredit revenues significantly. But we think the overall commercial sector is in worse shape as companies have taken on more debt and increased leverage. And the creditor protections have gotten weaker and borrowers have used more aggressive add-backs to inflate earnings. Now again, that's not mostly a description of what's happened to bank lending, but really to lending in the broader marketplace, which, of course, impacts banks as well. Of course, no two downturns are the same and we get to look at the Great Recession in hindsight, and that's of course, 2020. At this point, we know very little about how the COVID-19 pandemic and its economic impacts will play out. We know, of course, that the onset was more abrupt and that the initial worsening is likely to be steeper, faster and deeper. We also know that the downturn is being met with a more rapid and much bigger fiscal -- particularly, fiscal and monetary intervention, the largest fiscal intervention we've seen since the Great Depression. We know that forbearance is available to customers on a much greater scale than it was last time around. So our strategy in the face of the current challenges and uncertainties is to aggressively manage credit and resilience from a decision-making point of view because downside risks can be nonlinear. We take a very cautious approach at this very moment, while the economy is descending. Also though, while very proactively positioning for opportunities that may emerge on the other side of this, and that's why we've said we're tightening our extension of new credit with a real eye toward the probably high adverse selection that would be -- is prevailing out there and pulling back on near-term marketing, tightly managing expenses and being really ready to be responsive as this downturn evolves and knowing that we need to evaluate that on a segment-by-segment basis across our business. So pulling way up, Ryan, we feel really good about the choices that we made over the years. We feel very good across liquidity capital and credit resilience choices as we entered the downturn. With the tech transformation, we've been able to have a company that can move very quickly. And I feel very good about where we are. It's hard to predict exactly what will happen here. But I think the choice is I wouldn't change just about any -- I really wouldn't change any of the choices. Knowing where we are now, I would not change the choices we made leading up to this and I really like our chances.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Maybe Rich or Scott, could you give us just a little bit of a little more detail about the specific forbearance programs that you have in card and auto? In particular, how long they might last and what the take-up has been in terms of -- has it peaked? Can you talk a little bit about that in a little more detail?
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Moshe. So for card customers who enroll, we are allowing them to just give one payment with no late fee on a month-to-month basis. Interest continues to accrue. And as of April 17, as we said, 1% of active accounts have received assistance, representing 2% of balances. For auto, customers can skip one to two payments with initial interest continuing to accrue and payments added to the end of the loan. And I want to comment there. When I say things are monthly or every two months, this is not like that's their only chance, but we wanted to give ourselves more flexibility to evaluate the situation, knowing how fast things are changing. But it's certainly likely that customers who are on a monthly program will be extended if the opportunity calls for that. And as we've said before, as of April 17, 9% of customers have received assistance, representing 11% of balances. It's striking as we look between auto and card how much higher the requests are on the auto side. And I think that while it's striking, I don't think it's necessarily surprising. We have found, in fact, across our businesses if a -- you can see visually that the size of the payment amount is a key driver of the number of requests that we get. And of course, auto payments are typically much higher than credit card minimum payments. And the other reason, of course, is that in auto, the stakes are higher for the customer. They're very motivated to make sure that they can keep their car.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got you. And as a follow-up, maybe could you just talk a little bit about -- you talked about the things you're doing to tighten in the card business. Any changes that you would either think about making or see within the industry with respect to competitiveness of rewards and the kind of products you might see as we -- the next several quarters as we kind of put -- one hopes come out of this process.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think we -- the rewards marketplace was very competitive in terms of offers and early spend bonus and things like that, but it kind of settled out into an equilibrium. With purchase volumes down and probably for most card issuers, some tightening up in this very moment. I don't think we would -- I think that I would expect the competitiveness to be, in terms of products and product offers, to be probably stable. The intensity of the competition is probably going to lighten up just probably because people are going to cut back on marketing. And certain of the products, when you think about it, for the reward industry and for Capital One, are oriented towards the things that people aren't able to do right now; travel, entertainment, dining, and a lot of things like that. So, I think that this will be a period where I think issuers will be focused on meeting the needs of their customers and be planning for opportunities when things change. And opportunities can emerge much sooner than the entire economy recovering. Again, as I said, this is a segment by segment and situation by situation kind of thing. So, we're already working to figure out where opportunities, individual opportunities can be there, possibly even that have become bigger opportunities because of the situation the world is in.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Good evening. We've seen other banks this quarter generally set their reserves at levels sufficient to cover about 50% on average of cumulative losses contemplated in their severely adverse scenarios under DFAST. Can you share any thoughts on why you guys might differ on this metric?
Scott Blackley: Yes, Bill, thanks for the question. So, obviously, there are different scenarios, that's a starting point. I won't go into all of the differences there. But just kind of a few points as you think about, if you're calibrating us against others. The first is that when you think about our allowance versus the way the Fed models DFAST, one of the issues that impacts that comparison is that the Fed uses industry average recovery rates. And as I mentioned last quarter, our practice is to work recoveries, which results in a longer tail, and that's really important under CECL because in CECL, you take the undiscounted recoveries as an allowance offset. So our CECL recoveries, I believe, are going to be quite a bit higher versus the Fed and their industry average recovery rates. The second point I would make is that when these partnerships that we talked about that have loss sharing arrangements, that meaningfully reduces the losses that are attributable to Capital One. And we only have to allow for our portion of those losses in our allowance and in our provision. And so that is how we do our resilience and modeling processes. While we don't have visibility into the Fed modeling approaches, I don't think that the Fed necessarily gives us credit in DFAST for that offset because they've historically not collected all the data necessary to make those adjustments. So just a couple of factors that you should consider in terms of how we sit relative to others.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: Good afternoon. Thank you taking my questions. First one is, I'm just -- I'm trying to think through how stimulus might be different this time. I mean, if you think about it, there was some information put out in the Wall Street Journal today that for a lower income worker stimulus, to the extent they have unemployment, either is a pay increase for a period of time for them, whereas for a prime consumer undergoing unemployment and receiving benefits of the CARES Act, it's still a substantial decrease in compensation for a while. How do you guys think through that in terms of relative performance in your non-prime book versus your prime book this go around?
Richard Fairbank: John, the -- I think the -- what's striking about the fiscal stimulus here, where there are many things probably striking to all of us about it. But when we've gone back and specifically calibrated to the Great Recession, I don't have the numbers right in front of me, but I was struck by the fact that the benefits for those who get like unemployment benefits, the unemployment benefits are higher. It's across the -- across a range of relevant incomes, the entire line is higher and the eligibility is significantly higher. So those two things are -- it's hard to quantify how much of an impact that will be because no one can quantify how much of an impact it was the last time. But intuitively, I think that effect can have quite a bit of impact in a good way on people's ability to weather their individual storms and make it to the other side. With respect to subprime versus prime, the first thing I always say is, I think if I showed you the -- by income, if I -- prime or you take, prime and subprime, you've got at the top of the market, there tends to be some very high income folks. But I think you would be surprised that there's not as much slope as one might think relative to things like income on -- across our business as you move along the credit spectrum. There is some slope, but not all that much. All of that said, though, the fact that I think the government is working hard to create a safety net for people who don't necessarily have all of the buffers some people might have in life and the fact that that net is extending wider and broader -- or deeper, I think that that will -- should have a pretty positive benefit for consumers and their ability to, among other things, pay their bills and their credit card bills. And I do want to say that while it's only a small number of days of data, we could see in our payment rate, some -- a spike-up around the time -- those individual checks were coming in. So that could be a short-term thing, but that would be confirmatory of the intuition that we would have.
John Hecht: Okay, that's very helpful color. And then a separate question is tied to the stay-at-home situation or have you seen any different types of behavioral action, given the  digital bank…
Jeff Norris: Hey, John, I'm sorry. John, I'm sorry to interrupt you. You're breaking up. We can't understand the question. Can you…
John Hecht: You guys hear me now?
Jeff Norris: It's better.
John Hecht: Okay. The question, as we've been on  type of environment for a while, have you seen any behavioral change with respect to interaction with your consumer bank? And -- pretty heavily in that opportunity.
Jeff Norris: John, I'm so sorry. Let's try one more time and then we might have to move on. But…
Richard Fairbank: Well, John, were you saying -- given that we've invested heavily on our consumer bank in terms of the digital side of the business, are we seeing anything particular there? Would that be close to the question that you have?
John Hecht: Yes, particularly given that we're stay-at-home situation and you're going to have a greater opportunity to interact with the digital -- over the digital channel.
Richard Fairbank: Well, an interesting thing is, we are probably in the best position in America to have a calibration about -- because we not only have a digital bank, we also have a branch-based bank in some of our geographies as well, and so we certainly can see the calibration. There is -- look, the first thing I would say is there certainly are a core of customers who still need and want to -- well, they very much want to use the bank, and we've been able to keep most of our branches open by -- like 75% of them by having drive-through and some glass windows for some social separation. So we've certainly seen a continued volume there. But if I pull up, I think that this moment is some people say they predict, gosh, people will have very different behaviors on the other side of this moment. I'll make a different prediction. I think this is going to be an accelerant to the behaviors that we were all, as a society, heading for anyway. And the advantage, I think, that the banks who have really driven their customers to digital and built the capabilities that can help a customer pretty much do everything digitally, It was always where the world's going, but I think it's just an acceleration of -- the bell curve shifted in terms of, I think, the number of folks. This is me talking more intuitively than empirically. But this is why I said earlier when I talked about, we're going to keep our foot on the gas with respect to the marketing and the investment in our national banking strategy because, of course, what that is -- as I've often called it, we're trying to build the bank of the future. And I think that years in the evolution of America and consumer behavior possibly just got compressed here.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rick Shane with JP Morgan.
Rick Shane: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Two questions. First, in the past, you talked about a 25 basis point benefit from the loss sharing in the Walmart agreement throughout 2020. I'm wondering if there's any cap on that or how much we could expect that to flex as charge-offs rise related to COVID-19?
Richard Blackley: Hey Rick, how are you. Look, as you think about Walmart, we did talk about a 25 basis point impact to delinquencies and on an ongoing basis, about that same level going forward. And I think that there's -- yes, we could absolutely see variability in the impact of that to the total, just given movements in the loss rates of either part of that calculation. I would anticipate them to be relatively small because the loss sharing is so significant with Walmart, but it's -- it could move up a bit and still not really impact our overall loss rate all that much. But there's not a cap in the contract, if by chance, you were asking that, so this loss share is on a percentage basis and it will stay that way.
Rick Shane: Okay, great. And then, Rich for you, look, you're a serious student of human behavior. And I'm curious what you have seen in terms of consumer behavior so far that has surprised you the most.
Rich Fairbank: I'm not sure anything has been surprising, I'm certainly struck by. Here's the thing that's interesting about this particular downturn. Almost all other downturns -- most other downturns have the following characteristics. They kind of happen on little cat feet and then things start picking up, but it's a slow kind of descent into that. And the other thing is, so often, there are structural problems. This is an economy point, but structural problems in market that sort of bleed to that. And then the resolution of it needs to fix those structural problems on the way to fixing all the other problems that come from it. So I think what's so extraordinary about this is the just swiftness of this thing and the fact that it's really the entire world going through this and the sort of vertical descent from an economy point of view, that happened so quickly. So things that I'm struck by on the consumer behavior side, I have been really struck at the early behaviors that I see that are consistent with the model that we have believed -- in fact, let me back up for a second and say, there's a saying that I used to -- that I've said for years, is that consumers are a lot more rational than the institutions who serve them, including the financial institution who's served them often over the years. I have always been struck over the years, despite all the things that are written and speculated about consumers, just how rational they are. And so I was struck during the Great Recession at their rationality. There was some irrationality before the Great Recession. This time around, the consumer was in a solid, very balanced shape going into this downturn. And the little things that I have seen, behaviors on the savings side, on our bank side, behaviors on the payment side, the purchase volume side, even on the delinquency side of things, and what I see is a rational consumer and I think that what we all should think about as we calibrate to any other recession. This is a downturn that came to the whole world right at once and it's a downturn without a bad guy. That's the other part of this thing. And so what's the implications of a downturn without a bad guy is it's a lot easier politically to mobilize solutions. For consumers, that's a political and economic point, but I think that is going to be a good guy in this downturn and its resilience. The other thing -- the other final thing I'll say about human behavior or the behavior that we've certainly seen, I am amazed, I'll talk about our company. This is really a point about consumers; it's a point about people. I am amazed how productive people are, and we just did an associate, it's an all associate survey and engagement and morale is still at very high levels. People are all in, they're engaged, and the productivity is extraordinary from people working from home. It doesn't mean that everybody, when the world opens up, everybody is going to just stay home. But I think that back to my earlier point, I think there's a compression in years in the learnings and the behaviors associated with digital. And I think every company's going to walk away from this experience struck by the extraordinary productivity that -- or certainly most companies or certainly ones that are digitally in a good position by what just happened on the productivity side and that is some learnings for all of us there.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question will come from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I know the call's gone long, but just on the OpEx, totally understand pulling the target, given how much flux there is. But on the core effort of moving to the cloud and retiring the data centers, is any part of that core expense dollar effort and timing changed? Or is it more just revenues in flux, maybe some call center volumes and stuff like that? Has the data center strategy changed at all, I guess, is the crux of the question?
Richard Fairbank: No, not a single bit. I mean, we are incredibly well served by our move to the cloud, the ability to scale up for some extraordinary things that have happened, so many things. So, the cloud strategy, the technology transformation, everything about it, we felt this experience is validating. With respect to the data center exit itself; we are on the very same timing of later this year. I mean, we are already fully in the cloud. So, what -- but the data centers are still open because there is -- you think once you get out, well, then you just -- you're done but there is a period of much of a year to actually do all the wind down activities associated with the data center. So, we're 100% in the cloud, and the wind down is going right on schedule and we're talking later this year and the associated economic benefit of those moves.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well, I think that wraps it up for this evening. Thank you for staying with us. Thank you for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be available later this evening to answer any further questions. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. This conference is being recorded. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Rob and welcome everyone to Capital One’s fourth quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2019 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I will begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $5.5 billion or $11.05 per diluted common share in 2019. On an adjusted basis, earnings per share were $12.09 for 2019. In the fourth quarter, net income was $1.2 billion or $2.25 per share. Net of adjusting items, our EPS in the quarter was $2.49 per share. We had three adjusting items in the quarter which are outlined on Slide 14 of our earnings presentation. First, we had a $48 million or $0.08 per share expense of launch and integration costs associated with our Walmart partnership. This brings the full year total expense to $211 million and concludes the one-time expenses related to the Walmart partnership launch. Additionally, we had an allowance reserve build for the acquired Walmart portfolio of $84 million or $0.13 per share. The reserve build as well as the launch and integration costs are recorded in our domestic card business. Lastly, we had $23 million of charges related to the cyber incident that we announced at the end of July. These charges were partially offset by an insurance reimbursement receivable of $7 million resulting in a net impact of $16 million or $0.03 per share. We continue to expect a portion of these charges in insurance recoveries will extend beyond 2019.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. I will begin on Slide 9 which summarizes fourth quarter results for our credit card business. The credit card business delivered solid results with stable credit and strong growth in loans, purchase volume and revenue. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic card business, which is shown on Slide 10. Domestic card ending loan balances increased by $11.3 billion or 10.5% year-over-year driven by the addition of the acquired Walmart portfolio and strong growth of branded cards partially offset by our choice to exit several small partnership portfolios in the second quarter. Branded card loans, which exclude all private label and co-branded cards, grew 5.7% from the prior year quarter. Domestic card average loans for the quarter were up 9.3% compared to the fourth quarter of 2018. We posted another strong quarter of purchase volume growth as we continued to grow our heavy spender franchise. Year-over-year, domestic card purchase volume growth was 10.7%. Net interchange revenue for the total company grew 9.2%. Revenue increased 7.2% from the fourth quarter of 2018 driven by the growth in average loans. Revenue margin declined 31 basis points. More than 100% of the decline was driven by the revenue sharing agreement on the acquired Walmart portfolio. Not-interest expense was essentially flat compared to the prior year quarter. Domestic card credit remains strong and stable. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 4.32%, a 32 basis point improvement year-over-year driven by the addition of the acquired Walmart portfolio. Because the delinquency rate is not affected by the loss-sharing agreement, the addition of the Walmart portfolio put upward pressure on the fourth quarter 30 plus delinquency rate. Despite this upward pressure, the 30 plus delinquency rate improved 11 basis points from the end of the prior year quarter to 3.93%. Pulling up, our domestic card business continued to deliver strong results with top line growth and strong and stable credit.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourselves to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any additional follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Matt, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  Your first question will come from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening guys.
Richard Fairbank: Good evening, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Hey, Rich. Maybe just to start off a question for Scott, so thank you for the moving pieces on CECL across the different products, I guess, now that Day 1 is behind us, any color you can give us regarding the Day 2 impact? And maybe can you just talk about it across each of the different portfolio? And I have one follow-up.
Scott Blackley: Yes. Sure. Well, when I think about Day 2, I am going to start off by just saying we gave segment level multiples and I think they are a good foundation for you to use those multiples and apply them to what you would have been estimating under the prior regime for allowance builds in 2020. So I think that’s in general a good place to start in terms of thinking about Day 2. I think that the multiple that we have talked about could change gradually if performance – the portfolio performance or the portfolio mix really changes in the future, but I think those are going to be changes that happen over time. So the transition multiples are probably a good place to start.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And Rich, maybe just a question on both operating and overall efficiency, so you made nice progress in 2019 despite a handful of headwinds, I guess what are the biggest rate factors that could impact reaching 42 or is it the fact that everything is coming offline in the fourth quarter that you have such a high degree of confidence? And then I guess second just given where we are in the cycle, you talked about marketing being up moderately this year, is there some area where you could see it accelerating or would you expect it to remain in and around these levels plus or minus like you articulated in your outlook? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: So, Ryan, let’s talk about the operating efficiency ratio. We are, like a year into when we set this guidance and it was certainly a stepping out of character for Capital One to be so specific of so many years out. And as we have talked all along the way, there are several things that have driven our confidence. There are certain things that are, could call the math is a little bit understating the sort of incredible work associated with doing it, but in a sense, getting out of the data centers is something that with the extraordinary achievement of doing it, we have, I think a very good handle on what the cost of what’s straddling those environments have been and what the benefit of just being all in on the cloud is. The math of the Walmart step up that is what it is, that’s contractual. And so I think that’s a very reliable thing. Another thing that aids the continued improvement here and the larger improvement in 2021 is the increased traction that we expect in our businesses that we can in fact see unfolding and that we expect to continue. Obviously, that has uncertainty around it like any estimated future businesses performance and growth, but a lot of that is sort of in the works. It can be affected by changes in the marketplace, changes in the economy, changes in choices that we make, but this is the product of the bunch of work that we have been doing, the success of our marketing and account origination in prior years which we have spent lot of time talking about and some of the technology innovation that has been going on. So, we feel good about that. Obviously, that has uncertainty to it. And the other element in the uncertainty equation is what happens to operating cost of 1 minus the data center exit and all the associated cost of straddling that will be eliminated. And there can always be risk to cost estimates, but we have spent – we have worked very hard and this is not like a new thing, we worked hard for years driving – gradually driving down the efficiency ratio and being very disciplined on operating cost. We do have some growing benefit that comes on the technology side here with respect to technology cost savings and collectively, when we put all that together, well as always there is uncertainty in this. Here we are, we had our bold shingle that we hung out a year ago. Here we are a year into it and we feel as good as we did at the time that we launched it. And I am pretty struck by in a world where so many things change how – what we had in mind is continuing to unfold and that’s because it’s the product of the lot of work for a long period of time. With respect to marketing, the first thing I want to say is we don’t give precise in most years, in many ways, we don’t even give marketing guidance at all. And what I would say about marketing is in the impression I want to leave you with is we continue to feel very good about our marketing investments. We – in card, marketing is strengthening our heavy spender franchise driving strong new account originations, growth in purchase volume, net interchange revenue, loans on the bank side, the increased marketing is fueling deposit growth along with cafe and brand awareness. We are seeing a lot of traction just overall in our brand metrics and brand equities that are critical to building a franchise. And also we are a company that doesn’t have 6,000 branches we are a company that actually isn’t at the top of the lead table in terms of co-brand partnerships and a lot of things. So, we have to build our business the old fashioned way kind of one customer at the time and our marketing machine is a key part of that. So, what I would leave you with is we continue to feel very good about the marketing. We got a new addition here in terms of the full year of the Walmart marketing. And so that’s going to be yet another factor that pulls up the numbers there. There is always – we will always make our final determinations based on the opportunities and necessities that we see in the marketplace, but I wanted to just give you that general window into how we are feeling about the marketing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. I wanted to follow-up on the Day 2 CECL impact, Scott. When you look at the Street consensus provisions out there and I am just looking at our own, we are assuming 6%ish loan growth flat charge-offs and we have the provision up 20%. I mean, does that look commensurate to sort of what you are articulating or is this something else?
Scott Blackley: Sanjay, why don’t I just step back and give you little bit of a picture of what’s going to happen with CECL? So, just to go back and ground out how CECL is going to work. Allowance movements under CECL are really driven by the same factors that drove the allowance under the prior regime. So, you start off with loan balances at the end of the period, you have got expected future losses and recoveries on balances and then we have qualitative factors that are not captured in our modeling and we have those on top. Of those three factors, it’s really the second one that changes under CECL and because we are now going to be holding an allowance for the expected lifetime losses. And importantly we are also going to be having the lifetime recoveries and that’s – I will come to that in just a minute as to why that’s such an important factor. So that’s the biggest step change under CECL. So, let me kind of just put this together for you and tell you how we are going to do it. We start with a 12-month loss outlook which we forecast. We then extend that into a lifetime forecast and when we do that we assume a gradual reversion of losses to historical averages after that first year. And then we overlay that with future recoveries and future recoveries are a big offset to our CECL allowance. Prior to CECL we offset our allowance with expected recoveries for only the next 12 months. With CECL, we will be offsetting our allowance with all estimated future recoveries. And relatively speaking, recoveries have a larger offsetting impact under CECL than they did under the prior allowance regime, because we tend to see a longer tail of recoveries on our charge-offs. So, net of all of that, I think you are going to see a 1.42 multiple on our allowance in our domestic card business at the point of transition, 1.49 multiple for our auto business. And as I mentioned in my first answer, I think those are relatively stable. Your question about, well, how might this look in periods of stability and in periods of growth, let me just kind of answer that real quick. In periods of stability, you are really just going to have take that multiple and apply it to whatever allowance build that you are thinking about and that includes moderate growth and a stable economy. There is a couple of things that could cause that implied CECL multiple to vary over time. And let me give you a couple of examples. So the first is that as you know and we have talked about CECL pulls forward the allowance expense associated with new lending. And so all else equal, our implied CECL multiple would probably go up in periods of higher growth. And just to give you a bit of sensitivity there, during our growth surge in 2014 and 2015, the implied multiple during that period if we had lived under CECL would have been higher perhaps in the 1.6 range. So just to give you a sense like there is a lot of things that could move around that if we just kind of took hindsight and applied kind of where we see things we can see the multiple going up into that range. On the flipside of that in periods of high recoveries, you could actually see the multiple go down. So in periods immediately after a downturn where there is higher – we have got this big portfolio of recoveries, those might actually start to be a bigger factor and push the ultimate multiple down. So I know that was a bit of a long answer, but hopefully that gives you a sense of kind of the moving pieces of how CECL is going to work Day 2.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Alright. Thank you. I have one follow-up. Just on the Walmart portfolio, I know it was known to have a lower tender share penetration. I was wondering if that’s a big growth opportunity in 2020 and a contributor to card growth. And then just a clarification on the marketing expense outlook for 2020, would this year’s growth be moderately higher sort of that – was that a good comparison in terms of the growth rate? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Could you repeat the second question, Sanjay, your clarification question?
Sanjay Sakhrani: Yes. On the marketing expense growth, you mentioned moderately higher, I was just wondering if 2019’s growth rate would be commensurate with moderately higher in terms of like mid single-digits growth?
Scott Blackley: Okay. So I think what we have this year is a continuation of the momentum that we had last year. And I want to say also to my response to Ryan Nash’s opening question that one of the important drivers of 42% is the continuing traction in the business and marketing is a very important element of that. And in fact – so a way to think about it is we start with an opportunity in a sense a growing opportunity on the marketing side consistent with what we are seeing overlay that with Walmart which is a new thing. And those two things together is what is driving our guidance of a moderate increase in marketing. Rich, do you want to talk about this question on the growth opportunity from – growth opportunity in the Walmart portfolio? Yes, let me say it’s certainly an honor and an opportunity to partner with not only the world’s largest retailer actually the world’s largest company, Fortune 1 company and to launch a digital first card program. So for Capital One, the opportunity divides itself into a back book where we have converted the old Synchrony back book and we have told you a lot about the size and the general parameters associated with that. And then there will over time be a growing front book that will be the originations that we do under this new partnership. We are not going to be specifically guiding to that front book, because in many ways this will have a lot of similarity to many of the front book things that we do at Capital One. Certainly, the size of the Walmart and at this point, relative to other partnerships the penetration levels of the credit card relationships, there is certainly upside there and I think Walmart certainly believes that and so do we. But we are in the very early stages of this, but I think we are very pleased with the way our two companies are partnering here.
Jeff Norris: Thanks. Next question please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. You referred to a 5.7% growth in the branded cards that I think was the same number that you referenced in the third quarter, so roughly the same level as growth. Could you just talk a little bit about what the kind of the outlook is? I mean, because that does exclude Walmart, so talk a little bit about whether that branded growth is going to be accelerating or decelerating and the impact maybe on overall growth from Walmart? And I do have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Moshe, so first of all, the front book of – since it starts at zero the front book by definition will be a growing book. I also want to point out the back book of Walmart with the loss rate that it has is a runoff portfolio that’s running off at a pretty sizable clip relative to portfolios otherwise that we have. So, there are going to be two forces going in opposite directions there and we will have to see how that plays out, but we are certainly very happy to have that partnership. The outlook, look I think we continue to feel good about the growth opportunities in the card business, but I think it’s more a continuation of the story that we have been talking about before in terms of we are benefited by a number of years of strong account origination. We have been over time increasing credit lines as we have validated each successive vintage. It’s coming in as good as it is and in fact if anything, the recent vintages are outperforming in a good way by a bit some of the earlier vintage. So all that is good that gives us the confidence to continue to drive the originations and also the continuing confidence on the credit line side. This is all in the context of an economy that’s already the longest in length in recorded history here between recessions. So with a cautious eye at the environment, the things that we have been talking about for a number of quarters are continuing to find traction and then very important element of that is the success of the marketing. So, that’s why we feel good about the growth opportunity.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. And just as a follow-up, little bit of housekeeping, non-interest income outside of interchange revenue and service fees kind of that other line was up very nicely both from the third quarter and a year ago. Was that primarily just the change in the absence of the PPI charge or are there other factors as well?
Scott Blackley: Moshe, can you just – which specific line item are you looking at?
Moshe Orenbuch: What you guys have called kind of other income, it was up like 55%, 60% of Q3 and 90% or so from a year ago, but I believe both of those had the PPI charges in them?
Scott Blackley: Yes. So, a few things that impact that line item, so other non-interest income really is driven by oftentimes marks on, on a variety of different situations. So, the first is we actually have some compensation-related assets that we mark and we take the benefit of those marks runs through this line item in revenue and there is an offsetting expense that runs through and elevates FCNB. So in the period with the run-up in the market, there was a pretty healthy amount of mark on compensation. The other thing that runs through there we do occasionally have partner payments that are coming in under the contracts. Those can run through there and be a bit lumpy. I think that the level that you are seeing in Q4 is a bit elevated to what I would expect on a run-rate basis.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Your next question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good evening.
Richard Fairbank: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Just switching gears a little bit talking about NIM, I know that NIM went up nicely in the quarter, which I think you had a comment in your prepared remarks around how lower rates are little bit of a headwind. So I just wanted to square those two things and understand how you are thinking about the outlook for NIM, you had a nice decline in the deposit costs, maybe if you could speak to that a little bit?
Scott Blackley: Betsy, as I mentioned last quarter, we have been talking for a number of quarters about headwinds from deposit mix and deposit pricing and we have started to see those abate a little bit last quarter. When I look at NIM this quarter, I mentioned that there were two primary factors that drove NIM up on a linked quarter basis. One of those was asset mix which was the larger of the two factors that I described. The other factor was seasonal loan growth. So we are seeing a bit of that traction in there. The deposit pricing is embedded in that as well as things like accelerated amortization on the premiums that we have, some of the securities, all of that’s embedded in there. So overall, I think that when it comes to the impact of deposit pricing our betas have been relatively low since the declining rate cycle started that maybe an opportunity. Rich mentioned the types of factors that would drive where deposit pricing goes. So I think we will have to see where that moves to, but at this point, I don’t really see any outsized impactors whether positively or negative on our net interest margin.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then so mix really driving the buzz on that, when I think about the CECL outlook here and I know you have already talked about Day 2 quite a bit, I just wanted to see if you could give us some color around the commercial banking increase in your Day 1. I ask just because some of the other folks we look at had declines in commercial. So I want to understand what was driving a little bit of a different outcome for you?
Scott Blackley: It is so hard for me to judge what others are doing on their estimates. It depends on the life, a variety of factors. So, I can’t even hazard a guess when it comes to commercial just because the portfolios are pretty different. So, I really honestly don’t have an answer to you on that one.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Rick Shane: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I think we would all agree that a $100 loan balance on January 1 after the holidays would have a different repaying behavior than a $100 loan balance on May 1 after tax refunds are distributed. I realize from a CECL perspective you are supposed to take lifetime loss assumptions on both. But I am trying to understand how does the practical difference in terms of that near-term repayment behavior impact your lifetime loss reserve? And said slightly differently, is 5% growth in December the same as 5% growth in June?
Scott Blackley: Rick, I would just say that seasonal growth and transactors we look at those, we look at the likelihood of revolving we use historical empirical data about how quickly those get paid down. They don’t tend to have large lifetime allowances and in general I would say those aren’t really a factor that’s driving the multiples that we disclosed.
Rick Shane: Got it. So as a follow-up to that, we wouldn’t necessarily expect to see that same seasonality, because you are able to factor in, in the short-term the repayment behaviors?
Scott Blackley: Yes, broadly speaking, all else equal, I think that’s true.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Yes, Rich, there has been a lot of talk in the banking and payments industry about B2B and Capital One is a top three small business card issuer. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive dynamic there and what your thoughts are in terms of growth and is that growing faster than your consumer business?
Richard Fairbank: So our small business, we don’t break that out separately. As we are in the consumer side, one of the top players in the lead table in that particular space AmEx is way north of the rest of us unlike the shorter distance between competitors on the consumer side, but that business is a business that is a simple extrapolation – a simple transfer of a consumer approach or a lift and shift of a commercial approach ends up being a suboptimal thing. And the traction and success we have gotten in the small business space comes from really working backwards from the customer and the customer needs over a very, very long period of time. And so a lot of the underlying dynamics are the same in that business in terms of the shift in payments, the reduction in cash and checks and so on. But what I would leave you with is like our some of the other investments we have made at Capital One, this is many years kind of in the making and we are continuing to generate successful growth there. The one thing I would say is that on both the consumer side and certainly the small business and the commercial side, the change that is going on in payments is breathtaking. I think it’s really at the vortex of technology change in all of banking and that’s partly because the digitization of transactions is a very natural place to go, but it’s also one of the places that is not regulated or it’s very lightly regulated. And furthermore it is the place where many tech companies who really don’t want to be carrying around bank holding company badges and things like that focused on how they can try to win on the front end of banking and leave a lot of the back end of banking to the banks. So I am excited by the opportunity on the business side as well as the consumer side, but I’m certainly struck by the breathtaking rate of change. And I think for every player in the business, there is a real imperative to come up with a strategy and work backwards from where the world is going instead of forward from where we are.
Jeff Norris: Do you have a follow-up, Don?
Don Fandetti: Nope, I am all set.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Next question will come from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: Afternoon. Thanks very much for taking my questions. Just not looking for guidance, but just thinking conceptually long-term, it would seem logical that you could do more digital customer aggregation with the digital bank in place. Was that – is it fair to think that customer acquisition costs, the costs tied to physical mailings and so forth may be more efficient going forward?
Richard Fairbank: Wait, I want to make sure, John, could you explain a little bit more of your question again?
John Hecht: It’s just you guys have invested a lot more to digital banking platform and it’s clear to us that as a user of your website you can do more online. And so the question is given that your consumers can do more online, are there cross-selling opportunities, are there other opportunities to reduce your customer acquisition costs for a specific product?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So from the – interestingly from the founding notion of this company, one of the founding notions was that marketing is going to be reinvented by the technology and information revolution. And so, way back with old fashion direct mail, we set out to build the business and we also didn’t have – it was by being very small, we didn’t have much of a cross-sell opportunity. So much of the heritage of the company for a long period of time was focused on the origination of business. And one of the great prizes that awaited us over time was to have a scale franchise and there are two parts to that. One is to really be large, but the other is to be a franchise. And if you overlay the whole digital revolution on that, I want to redouble your point that I think the opportunity that awaits the companies who bring three things to the table is extraordinary. One is the table stake is you really need to be large and however important scale was in the past, it is more important everyday and I believe it was very important in the past. The second thing that one needs to bring to the table is great digital capability and that’s not just in terms of nice apps and that kind of thing, but also the information based capabilities which increasingly are very benefited by real-time big data and the use of machine learning. So there is a great opportunity there. That’s the second leg of the stool if you will, but I really, really, what we believe at the outset and what we certainly live every day is there is a third leg of the stool and that is that you have to have a loyal customer franchise. Just having eyeballs lying around just having a large customer base, it’s nice, but the nonlinear things that happen when there is a deep and loyal franchise is a great thing. If you look at the essence of Capital One strategy over all of these years, we started with nothing and have spent years and years in the quest for scale. Secondly, we have started with an information-based strategy many years ago and really – and that was again pre-Internet and all of that, but where we have come over time the whole tech transformation driving toward great digital capability and real-time machine learning big data capability. And then finally and maybe of all of them this is the hardest one to build is really building that loyal customer franchise, which is all about a great customer experience, products that people can rely on, a customer relationship that to tell your friends about and ultimately a brand that stands out. And I appreciate your question because that has been three legs of the strategy for many, many years and I think the growing traction that we are having on a lot of fronts, including on the financial side is a product of that opportunity. And I think there is a lot more upside from here.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And your next question will come from Brian Hogan with William Blair.
Brian Hogan: Good afternoon. Thanks. First question is on the competition and your views on the Applecart and the potential pressure could come from that large competitor in there, growth has been pretty dramatic in the first year or so? And then a follow-up on that is actually potential competition from like the challenger banks like Chime and Varo, N26 and others. Are you seeing any customer losses from those?
Richard Fairbank: Right. So, Brian your question is about competition. Our focus is really more on the sort of the tech side and the new innovation as opposed to just the – let me start with just a comment about competition in general in the card business and then let me pivot to some specific things. The credit card business, I think has – I think back to the founding of Capital One is I would say that Capital One is a very young company to most – compared to most of our bank competitors. They have been around for over 100 years. In Capital One’s case, it’s not an accident that we started with credit cards, because we had a belief way back then that credit cards structurally had a number of advantages that would allow them to have very good earnings power and also be absolutely at the tip of the spear of where the whole tech revolution and information revolution were taking it. It is funny over 25 years into this journey I am finding a lot of the same observations that we had before. And I think the credit card as a business is kind of standing out in these times relative to the earnings power of the business like this as well as some of the growth opportunities that it has. That said that insight is not lost on our competitors and this is a very competitive business. But because of the scale of the requirements in the business, it is – it’s a very consolidated business and I think most of the competition revolves around the top 10 players in the business. And I think the competition is intense, but I think it’s fundamentally rational. But the intent shows up in marketing intensity, rewards, offers, pricing and various things, but if we pull way up and I cross-calibrate to other parts of banking in which we play, this feels like we have the area with the highest opportunity and the most kind of rationale marketplace at the moment. Let me pivot to the tech marketplace. Often we are asked by investors about fin-techs and what about this startup and that startup and of course we keep an eye on that. I think the sort of elephant in the room is the gigantic tech companies and the sort of opportunities that they have. And so we have always had a lot of respect for that and frankly, our tech transformation is motivated in many ways by trying to emulate and learn from some of the best practices of those companies. It certainly has our attention. When Apple launches the Applecart, I think it was a really, really well done marketing campaign, which is universally what we have observed from Apple for many, many years. And we will keep an eye on that, but I would say that, that now adds to the list of impressive competitors and impressive offerings that we are up against. If we pivot to the challenger banks that are out there, so I am going to switch more to the deposit and banking side of the business, there are some really striking numbers that have been posted by companies that are trying to establish themselves in banking. We know from having spent a lot of years doing this and right now having a national banking strategy and you see us on television, it is a really hard thing to dislodge business from the established banks with great scale and local presence and so that all of us are working very hard on that. I have been struck by the numbers of account origination that are coming out of some of the challenger’s banks. The biggest question I have and I don’t know the answer is it’s just the question I have is how much activity level and true sustaining traction do they have. I am not saying they don’t. I think it’s something that is an important place to look, but we are inspired by some of the innovation our competitors are doing and it’s a reminder to all of us that if we really lean into a tech innovation, there is an opportunity to chip away at the extraordinary position that a few of the biggest banks in the U.S. have.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Your final question on the evening will come from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Perfect. Thank you for fitting me in. Rich, in your commentary, you alluded to the fact that competition in the auto space intensified to some extent, can you just give us a little more insight on what you are referring to in what ways that manifested? And then I have one quick unrelated follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, the auto business has a relatively small number of very large players and I have often said, Eric that competition in auto is even more impactful than in the short-term than competition in card only because on the auto side you have a dealer in the middle of an auction. And when the dealer sees something from a particular lender, like a loser credit policy or a different pricing, the dealer can drive a significant amount of business in a way that just doesn’t happen in the one-to-one marketing that happens on the card side. So, it’s why almost every conversation that we have about auto and every time we celebrate a particular growth that we have, we always caution how big that factor is and how much that factor can create adverse selection if people are loosening their credit policies. So what we do is we invest heavily in technology in this business and we are absolutely every quarter we are out there to get whatever opportunity we can have consistent with our own standards and with a very, very watchful eye on the competition. In the last – over the last few years, there was a pullback of a couple of competitors that we took advantage of. Both of them have certainly returned and are pretty aggressive players in the space. And what we would describe to you is that the competition is increasing in the auto space. It’s nothing to wave red flags about, but it’s generally increasing and it’s a little bit unusual that at the same time we are saying competition is increasing that we are also saying our originations and even our book of business overall actually increasing. That is something that maybe a little bit anomalous. There is also something hard for us to tease out is the growing traction that we are getting by the very heavy investment we have in technology in the auto business that’s in terms of underwriting real time big data driven underwriting the creation of products for customers and dealers in this space that are very sophisticated tech-driven products that actually have real-time mass scoring of any car anywhere across the nation and the continued success that we have had in building deep dealer relationships. So, it’s a particularly kind of good quarter for Capital One, but I think the impression I would leave you is the competitive meter is rising and we will have to keep an eye on that. And the other very important thing that is probably the most important thing that we all should keep in mind in this business is that the auto business has been credit performance in the – I am speaking of the industry now has been benign for a long period of time. And at the top of the list is why that is so is what has happened, what is going on with used car prices, which have been stayed at a relatively high level for a long period of time. This is a collateral driven business. I also think when you have businesses where the collateral values have been high for a long period of time, one have to – we have to ask ourselves what collateral assumptions – collateral value assumptions are underwriters making across the industry. I will tell you what we do and we assume they are going down. I can’t speak for the whole industry, but I just want to put a caution that we have had good times for a long time in that business and collateral values have been an unusually strong ally and one forever.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thank you for that. And my very quick follow-up, Scott, is just on the tax rate it looks like it came in around 19% or so in this quarter. How should – was there anything special in this period, some true-ups or something and how should we think about the appropriate rate going forward?
Scott Blackley: Yes. Let me comment on more of the full year tax rate, because that’s what I would point you to the full year tax rate was about 19.5%. I would say that’s a reasonable baseline. It’s going to be plus or minus from there depending on the income levels evolutions in our credit, the businesses that generate tax credits, but nothing particularly large. We did have some discretes in the quarter which drove down the quarterly rate, but 19.5% is a good starting point for how you should think about the future.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Scott and thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer some follow-up questions that you might have. Have a great evening everybody.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude our call for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome everybody to Capital One’s 100th quarterly earnings call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2019 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll begin tonight with slide three. Capital One earned $1.3 billion or $2.69 per share in the third quarter. Net of adjusting items, our EPS in the quarter was $3.32. We had three adjusting items in the quarter, which are outlined on slide 13 of our earnings presentation. There was $212 million or $0.45 per share build in our UK Payment Protection Insurance customer refund reserve in our Credit Card segment, driven by higher-than-expected complaints volume. About $140 of this build was recognized as contra revenue, split across evenly between net and noninterest income, and $72 million was recognized in operating expenses. The UK regulators previously established a deadline to file PPI complaints, which was August 29, 2019. We received a significantly elevated volume of complaints in the months leading up to the complaint deadline. We are now in the process of determining the eligibility and compensation related to the total complaints. Next, we had $84 million or $0.14 per share of launch and related integration costs associated with our Walmart partnership in our Domestic Card segment. We continue to expect approximately $225 million of cumulative launch costs with the residual occurring in the fourth quarter.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. I’ll begin on slide eight, which summarizes third quarter results for our credit card business. Pretax income for the quarter was $969 million, including the $212 million UK PPI reserve build that’s Scott discussed. Beyond the PPI impact, Credit Card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our Domestic Card business, which is shown on slide nine. Domestic Card ending loan balances increased by $3.1 billion, or about 3%, compared to the third quarter of last year. Average loans were also up 3%. The growth of Branded Card loans, which exclude private label and co-Branded Cards, continued to accelerate. In the third quarter, Branded Card loans grew 5.7% from the prior year quarter. We posted another quarter of strong purchase volume growth as we continue to grow our heavy spender franchise. Year-over-year, Domestic Card purchase volume growth was 11%. Normalized for two additional processing days in the third quarter of 2019, year-over-year purchase volume growth was about 9%. Net interchange revenue for the total Company grew 11%.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourselves to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  And our first question today will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Scott, I was hoping to get a little bit more clarity on the NIM expectations going forward. I heard you said you were sort of rate neutral as rates are going down. But, then, you’ve got like the move to 360 and then Walmart. So, as we think through future rate cuts and obviously these moving factors, could you just give us some dimensions on how to think about the NIM migration? And then, I’ll ask my second one upfront. Rich, I know Scott talked about this at a conference, but I just wanted to get your perspective on the cyber security incident. I know there’s been some questions on the cloud migration as a result of it. And I was just wondering if you could just give us your updated views? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: All right, Sanjay. Well, I’ll start off on NIM. So, as I think about where NIM might be headed, I got a few thoughts for you. The first is that we’ve seen deposit rates and mix that have been creating the headwind -- those have been creating the headwind to NIM, since really late last year. Now, those deposits are a great source of stable funding for the Bank, and we’re really happy to have them. More recently though, we’ve been seeing some easing in NIM headwinds from rates and even a bit on mix. So, on the liability side, while we’ve seen some headwinds, starting to see some signs that those are abating a little bit. And then, on the asset side, Walmart is modestly positive to NIM. Card and auto are growing at attractive rates. And so, on the asset side, we’re certainly seeing some momentum on that end. And then, when you talk about just rates in general, as you mentioned, we have a modest near-term exposure to movements in implied forwards. So, in the near-term, I think that rates aren’t going to be a big driver. So, when I pull up and I look at all the different forces that are impacting NIM from both directions, it doesn’t look to me that any of them are particularly outsized compared to the others.
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, with respect to the public cloud, and then the cyber incident, while the event occurred in the cloud, the vulnerability that led to our breach is not specific to the cloud, and could have happened in on-premises data center environment. We remain absolutely committed to our digital strategy and our technology transformation, and the public cloud is an essential element of that strategy. I mean, the benefits of the cloud are pretty comprehensive, including agility, innovation, resiliency, security and cost benefits. And in fact, we believe our tech transformation and our move to the cloud in particular, provided some important benefits in this cyber situation. For example, as part of the cloud journey, we were able to tokenize critical data at scale. Also, the cloud was essential to our being able to quickly diagnose and respond to the incident. So, naturally as -- with an event like this, we’re pouring a lot of energy into make sure we get all the learnings and harnessing the energy from an experience like that to really further strengthen cybersecurity and our capabilities broadly across the board. But, we are reminded even through this event of the benefits and power of the public cloud.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: So, I guess, Scott, I was sort of hoping you could expand a little bit on the deposit pressures that you saw abating on the Consumer Bank, I think they were still kind of going up in the third quarter, albeit, I guess, at lower rate than in Q2. But, like, what areas you’re seeing and what might we see in the balance of the year and into early 2020?
Scott Blackley: Moshe, well, we’ve seen -- when I look at the competitive landscape, we’ve seen a number of competitors who’ve been lowering rates, we’ve had some of our products with lowering rates. And so, we’re starting to see deposits being more responsive to rates going down. And with that we’re seeing a little bit of a reduction to the headwinds that we have been experiencing on NIM.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got you. Just as a follow-up, Rich, you highlighted the acceleration on the credit card balance front. Maybe just kind of give us a little more color there. Obviously the consumer -- this has still kind of continued to grow, but how are you seeing that in terms of balancing growth and risk? 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, in our Branded Card business, we separated that out just because that number was quite a bit different from the overall kind of Domestic Card number, but it’s a reflection of the continued traction that we’re getting across the board. And I think, it’s -- the continuing success we’re having in marketing, the traction we’re having at the top of the marketplace in our spender business, but also we continue to have traction really across the board. That traction is coming from continued strong origination of accounts but also continuing to lean in a little bit more each quarter on the credit line just as we continue to validate by looking in the -- at the performance of recent vintages and continue with an eye on the economy. All of that is contributing to some acceleration on the Branded Card growth. With respect to the consumer, how do we feel about that? I think, the U.S. economy and the U.S. consumer is in pretty good shape. Consumers are obviously benefiting from strong labor market, rising wages, and last year’s tax cuts, all of which are driving up disposable incomes. The savings rate is solid, the rate of borrowing is reasonable, debt servicing burdens are stable and well below the levels that we saw before the great recession. Retail sales growth is down a bit from a year ago but still solid. When we look inside our portfolio, we see that delinquencies and charge-off rates are low, payment rates are -- continue to sort of gradually rise. And that is sort of the flip side of or another manifestation of credit strength and the confidence and strength of the consumer. One metric we watch as a leading indicator is the proportion of customers who are paying only the minimum payment on their cards and over the past year, that metric has been stable to slightly improving. Now, of course, the consumer is a resident in our broader economy and not only the U.S. but the world economy, and implications of things like growing government deficit, trade related issues, and the intense political environment are something we certainly keep an eye on. There is also pockets within lending that we are watching, such as installment loans. Installment loans are growing at 15%, and some lenders are not reporting to the credit bureaus. So, I’m not sure that we actually know the size of that number, but we know it’s pretty bank, and that can have -- we’re not in the installment loan business, but we can be affected by those things, so. And most importantly, it’s not loss on us, we’re deep into the economic cycle, and we underwrite with the focus on resilience. And if you pull way up what that means is, while still being very obsessive about those, about the risks out there, we continue to see an opportunity to grow our business, we see stability in the consumer and on the credit side, and that augurs well for continued opportunity in card.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the outlook comments that you gave you around the back book Walmart portfolio and wanted to understand how you are thinking about the K rate of $8.1 billion, over how many years we should expect that to take? And then, the second thing was, I know you gave a lot of color on the NCS delinquencies and the revenue margin. How do you see that trajecting in that 13, 14 months because you have difference set up, right, economically with Walmart than the first 12 to 13 months and month 13 on, maybe you could go through your broader outlook as well. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So, Betsy, the Walmart -- all of our guidance about how the metrics were going to be affected is, I want to stress, as you indicated, it’s about the portfolio that we bought from Walmart. We of course also are originating business with Walmart, but that’s much more of a kind of business as usual thing, and the impact on the metrics will be much more in the business as usual category. This portfolio stands out for a number of reasons. I mean, it’s all at one moment; it arrives on our balance sheet. So, we want to deflate what happens with the metrics. This is also a portfolio with a significant loss share as well as a revenue share, and it has some pretty striking impacts on some of the metrics that we outlined. It is a portfolio that historically has had a -- the runoff rate, the attrition rate starts with the pretty high charge-off rate that we talk about in that. And then, of course there is natural attrition as well. So, we are inheriting a portfolio that runs off reasonably quickly, if you isolate it from new originations, which we are here with this guidance. The one thing that makes it kind of hard to predict how fast the attrition will go is that this value proposition, including 5% on walmart.com, 2% off on everything bought in the store, this is a significant improvement in the value proposition relative to what the customers had before. And we are giving that to all existing customers of this portfolio. So, hopefully that will help on the nutrition side. We don’t have any data on that. But, what we wanted to stress is that the impact on our metrics will happen all at once, like we talked about. And then, we should we should all assume a run-off, a gradual run-off of that driven especially by the fairly high charge-off rate. The only other event of note is the step-up in the revenue share that happens with respect to this portfolio starting in October of 2020. So, that’s a single event, and we will be the beneficiary of a higher revenue share, same loss year, but a higher revenue share and that will continue over the life of the portfolio. That’s why we gave our guidance in a series of steps. The only other thing that I wanted to just savor, the delinquency -- I know everybody looks with -- understandably with a magnifying glass at delinquency and credit -- and charge-off numbers, and it’s really important to us that we were able to talk about the differential impacts that come from that back book. The charge-off numbers will be net charge-off numbers because we are reporting only the charge-offs for our loss share portion of the total charge-offs. The delinquencies, we -- this on our balance sheet, so, we have the entire -- the delinquencies, we will report in their entirety, even though an important portion of the losses will be taken by Walmart. So, that’s why particularly on the delinquency side, there will be some striking impacts that we wanted to flag.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just one quick clarification and then I have a real question. Just on the PPI, given the August deadline has now passed, is this the end of the builder or could this -- could you see incremental building into the fourth quarter?
Scott Blackley: So, as I outlined in my prepared remarks, the deadline was, as you mentioned, August 29, 2019, and we’ve now passed that PPI deadline. So, we now know the total volume of complaints that we can receive. What we’re doing right now is going through all those complaints and trying to determine which of them are valid complaints and what the appropriate level of compensation is on those complaints. That process, given the elevated level of claims that we incurred, is going to take around six months to complete. The reserve that we built on in this quarter, we included an estimate of how many of those claims we thought would be valid and the portion of compensation that we would have to pay. We did that based on kind of our history of what we’ve seen. It stands to reason that when you have a spike in claims right before a deadline, you may not have as many claims that are valid as you’ve seen over a long history. But, we didn’t take that into account. So, we feel, at this point, well-reserved for everything we know, and we’re not going to be getting any claims.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. That’s very clear. Thank you. And then, my real question is about the marketing spend. It was about a year ago that, Rich, you signaled that you’re entering this investment cycle. And, I would just love to get an update on how you’re feeling about the efficacy of that spend at this point and sort of what the short to medium term outlook might be as we look to the New Year?
Richard Fairbank: Eric, it continues to be a very positive story for us. We -- in card, the marketing is strengthening our heavy spender franchise, it’s driving strong growth in new accounts, purchase volume, net interchange revenue, and now increasingly loans as well. On the bank side, the increased marketing is really basically the tip of the spear of our organically building a national bank. And that’s fueling deposit growth and also moving a lot of the sort of metrics associated with cafes and our brand on the national banking side. In fact, speaking of brand, this is one of the big beneficiaries overall of the marketing that we’re doing. We’re seeing a lot of traction across the Company and our brand metrics in hard to move brand equities that really are critical to building a franchise. So, we continue to be enthusiastic as we have been for a number of months. One thing that’s just a little different versus a year ago, we had such a big step up because we were launching a couple of new programs. But, we don’t have that at this very moment, new launches, but except of course, Walmart here. But we continue to be bullish. And in fact, now that I mentioned Walmart, we will be sharing with Walmart a pretty active and positive campaign associated with this card. And, again, we will be underwriting a portion of that.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Question on CECL. It’s interesting with all the talk about the impacts over the last year. So, really the increase isn’t too bad for you, not that dissimilar actually from Amex. And I was just wondering if you could talk about some of the offsets, I guess, maybe on your commercial side of your portfolio? And then, Scott, is it fair to say there’s only a pretty modest impact downward biased in terms of the impact to GAAP 2020 CECL and without CECL?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Let me just start off kind of talking about the longer term impacts of CECL. So, obviously, CECL creates a onetime reduction in our capital ratios that adoption, and it’s permanently increasing the amount of capital that we’ll hold against those losses. In terms of future allowance builds, I think, in times of slow and stable growth, a stable economic outlook, I’d expect that CECL is going to look fairly similar to what we see with allowance moves today. I don’t think that we’ll see a lot of violence then. However, I think when you see periods of accelerated growth, significant changes in the economic outlook, I feel confident that we’re going to see amplified allowance moves and increased provision volatility. So, when I pull up, I think, it’s completely appropriate just to mention that CECL is not going to change the way that we approach our businesses and how we conduct the business of lending. I kind of look back at the fact that, we don’t yet know how the Fed will incorporate CECL and the CCAR, that’s still a few years away. Ultimately that could impact capital levels for us and for all banks. And the other thing I’d say is, as we’ve been saying, I think in periods of stress, in a deep recession, I continue to be worried that CECL will make it more difficult for the banking industry to lend, when you have to record lifetime expected losses before you get to report any of the related revenue. And so, you know I’m anxious about that. And then, Don, to your other question about the puts and takes, it’s really difficult to unpack other banks’ CECL disclosures. I don’t really have good insights to what’s driving their CECL numbers. I can tell you that our 30% to 40% estimate of the increase in allowance and adoption represents our balance sheet mix, the business practices that we follow and the accounting policy elections that we’ve made. And in order of magnitude, on the initial adoption of CECL from lowest to highest, commercial is the lowest, card is the second, and then auto is third. And that’s in terms of magnitude of the allowance build from lowest to highest.
Don Fandetti: Okay. And then, one last on shifting to auto, how are origination yields? Are they holding up pretty well? It looks like yields are coming in obviously still above the portfolio yield. And have you seen any shift in competition? It looks like your subprime mix continues to go up a tiny bit in auto.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, the auto -- the competitive environment is -- continues to be -- it’s pretty intense, but it still offers I think quite a bit of opportunity. Let me talk about the parts of the marketplace. In subprime auto, we’ve seen a rapid growth actually of small independent lenders, although they are more focused on deep subprime, high-loss business. We also see some increased competition from some lenders who had previously pulled back. And we remain vigilant on that, but definitely the subprime opportunity is there. In near-prime, the competition from some who had pulled back in the past, certainly has intensified quite a bit. We still see opportunity, but it’s definitely intense, the competition there. And in the prime market, we have seen some reversal in the trend of increasing market share of credit unions, although the market continues to be competitive. When we look at margins in general, the margins have -- are actually pretty healthy, and even a little healthier in prime than they have been in some past periods. So, we continue to see a growth opportunity. I would just also say that while we don’t have any way to quantify this, I think, we have been benefited by the technology investments that we have made in the business. Investments on the underwriting side, the sort of real time -- creating real time underwriting and real time pricing capabilities that are enabled by our cloud strategy and our overall technology transformation, in product design, in sort of things to help dealers and things to make our operation be just so much more effective in real time. And all of these are things we’ve worked hard to create. I think, they’re very beneficial. They don’t transcend the competitive and cycle conditions that will still dominate our metrics. But, I think underneath it all, there’s a growing strength that we have in the auto business and just one of the many benefits that is growing related to our tech transformation.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question will come from Rick Shane with JP Morgan.
Rick Shane: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I was actually a little worried I wouldn’t get to participate on the 100th call. Congratulations. It’s really quite an achievement. Just one clarification. Scott, you’ve talked about the CECL reserve, and I just want to make sure that we all understand that in the context of the Walmart acquisition. Should we think of that 30% to 40% increase not as versus September 30th but a day zero to day one change?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. You should think of that as our estimate for the January 1, 2020 adoption, which would include all of the assets that are on balance sheet as of that date. So, Walmart would be included in that as with all of the other assets at that point.
Rick Shane: Okay. Most of the companies we follow talked about in the context of September 30th. I just wanted to make sure, given the sizable acquisition, we’re thinking about that in the right way. That’s it for me…
Richard Fairbank: We’ve tried to make an estimate for the total impact of the Company, given kind of where we are and where we would expect to be.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffrey.
Kevin Barker: Just to follow up on some of the comments around NIM, and some of your -- the explanation you gave going forward use. Could you help understand where you see the trajectory of the securities portfolio, especially with a little bit of stabilization at 10-year that we’ve seen recently?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Just a few thoughts there. So, NIM in the quarter was pretty modestly impacted by the fact that we were holding some additional cash on Walmart in preparation for acquiring the Walmart portfolio. So, we will be -- as we go ahead and have executed that will be replacing that with the higher yielding assets of the Walmart portfolio. So, that’s going to be a net positive in terms of the trajectory of NIM. In terms of the securities portfolio, it’s been trending down a little bit which is mainly a liquidity assessment terms of what we need for liquidity in that portfolio. I don’t think there’s going to be a significant change to NIM in terms of what we see coming out of that portfolio.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Was there any outsized amount of premium amortization this quarter? And, could you give us an idea of where your new money yields are on the securities portfolio?
Richard Fairbank: I don’t think that in terms of -- I don’t think, there’s really anything meaningful in any of those areas for me to share with you in terms of the impact on the quarter, going forward.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Hogan with William Blair.
Brian Hogan: Thank you. My first question is actually on the growth of your employee base. So, it’s been accelerating, and it was up 9.5% year-over-year. And I guess, I mean, in conjunction with your shift to technology and focus on that digital transformation. So, I guess, why the significant growth in personnel, what are they doing? What are your investments in that?
Scott Blackley: Hey, Brian, it’s Scott. I think the thing that’s probably most impactful right now on headcount is that we’re ramping up for the Walmart launch and integration. We started doing that a couple quarters ago. That’s really been the largest growth in headcount most recently. And as you mentioned that our technology investments in work there have been over time than adding to total headcount. But, I think just in general, the growth of the Company and Walmart have been a major factor as well.
Brian Hogan: Should we expect that to level off that, right?
Scott Blackley: Well, in terms of the Walmart personnel, that’s a group that we have brought on to deal with that account. So, I would expect that we wouldn’t have further increases in headcount associated with Walmart, and then the rest of kind of the trajectory there is going to be driven by normal business activity.
Richard Fairbank: Brian, but to your point, the 42 by 21, a 1aenabler of that. And in fact, without this, we wouldn’t be same 42 by 21. A central enabler of this is the benefits that have come from our heavy all-in tech transformation where we are approaching the end of the seventh year of our tech transformation. And, for much of that transformation, it costs more before it costs less. And we continue to invest and we will invest on a continuing basis. Because, I think increasingly, technology is what a sort of tech company does. But that said, our confidence to shingle ourselves as far in advances did to some pretty bold efficiency ratio target is powered by efficiencies that come from the tech investments and cost saving -- on the cost saving opportunities from changing how we work, driving customers to digital, driving really the company to digital, driving down technology costs themselves as we move away from a lot of expensive proprietary technology as we consolidate our technology, reduce a lot of duplication and really moved to just a better way of operating. So, just wanted to mention that.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question will be from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Hi. I mean, you’ve addressed a lot already. I mean, maybe -- I guess, I’m only struck by people are always focused on your overall tone on this conference calls. And if I just kind of go down the things that matter, I mean, since like you are feeling a little better about some of the leading indicators on credit, a little better online size increases and thus branded card growth, little less worries on the interest rates, still confident on the OpEx. And maybe I’m over-reading it, but it felt like maybe the excess capital position was becoming a little bit clearer, less uncertainty there. I mean, is it fair, if someone just asks, was Capital One more or less positive? I mean, it sounds like you are a little bit more positive on all the key fronts. Is that a fair assessment or are there some negatives that maybe I’m leaving out?
Richard Fairbank: Brian, I think, I was writing it down as you were doing it, going over credit, and yes, the line increases. I mean, again, we’re still in the overall motive of cautious where we’re in the economy, but line increases, check. I would add continuing bullishness about the marketing and the success, the traction in the card business overall. Interest rates, now again, on interest rates, it’s hard to be bullish on that. But, we are -- relative to the some of the seismic impacts that have happened in interest rates, I think the combination of how the market’s responding and the tools that we have in our portfolio to adapt, I think, we have increasing bullishness about that. Operating expenses, if you pull up the kind of -- our point was that we got delta curve ball that wasn’t in our plans, when we announced the 42x21. I remember the meeting when we first -- somebody brought in, well, this is going to be the impact, the sort of gross impact of this on what could be with respect to revenues on interest rates. And after we caught our breath, we continued to just work incredibly hard and the traction on operating expenses and all matters around the efficiency ratio continues to be positive such that despite the interest rate move, we are continuing to reaffirm our guidance of the capital. There is a strong excess capital thing position there. And the other one I would add on the list is the continued -- you can feel it inside the Company. It’s hard for the outside world to see this, partly because we don’t always proclaim some of the things that are proprietary that we’re doing. But, the tech transformation that started at the bottom of the technology stack, a place that is the hardest work, shows the least immediate payoff. And in fact if you selectively transform yourself in the bottom of the technology stack, it doesn’t really do much for you. But I’ve said over the years, and in the end, I know really the proof ultimately is in the pudding and what investors see. But, what I want to say is it’s a very the unusual thing that Capital One has done by so heavily starting at the bottom of the tech stack and working up. I think, most companies when they do the tech transformation start at the top of the tech stack, meaning innovating on the part of the technology that is customer or associate facing. And it’s very natural thing to do because that’s by definition the only thing that people can see and that’s where competitors put pressure, customers are clamoring, et cetera. But, we have been transforming from the bottom of the technology stack. But as we continue to move up the tech stack, more and more will be visible over time, the benefits will become greater, the agility greater and the opportunity to create great things at the top of the tech stack, the ability to transform how we work, the ability to make some significant differentiated capabilities on the risk management side, and ultimately to create a great customer experience and better and better economics. That is what we’ve been driving for, for years. And I think we continue to have a bullishness about that. So, what’s the yikers is along the way is just a lot of work. There are a lot of things that happen on the way to work but this is we continue to feel an increase in momentum on these things that are long time in the making, but I think, they are at the heart of winning in the very different place where the world is going.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our final question this evening comes from Chris Donat with Sandler O’Neill.
Chris Donat: I just want to ask about the pricing strategy for Capital One 360 in an environment where you have seen some of the large,, call them cyber deposit gatherers decrease their rates. How do you feel about strategy in terms of both, competitors and in terms of Fed funds and other benchmarks as far as -- what factors really determine where you set that deposit rate?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Chris, it would be a fairly straightforward thing. I wouldn’t know. I’d never use the word easy but it would be a fairly straightforward thing to build a direct bank that goes to the top of bank rate monitor and builds deposits that way. And what -- that’s not the business that we have wanted to build. And the term I always use is we want to build a franchise. And that’s a much higher calling. And, there’s a lot that goes into that. But, one of the benefits over time of building a franchise is one doesn’t have to chase rates at the top of the marketplace, but rather is providing really good deals for people who believe in the Company and where we can have enduring relationships. And that’s what this has been about. So, with every passing year, we partly measure our success by how far we’re able to distance ourselves from just the very -- the players who are just absolutely chasing race at the top of the rate table. And that’s not only an economic benefit, but it actually really helps in terms of the kind of customers that we’re attracting, the selection dynamics that are critical in terms of the longevity of the deposits themselves. So, we have -- so that sort of the already the state of mind and where we have been. As now a new thing comes along which is the bottom falls out of the interest rate marketplace. We have noticed a number of players on the direct space moved. We also lowered our price at the end of the quarter. And we will continue to watch the marketplace. But we certainly -- our strategy is not to chase the hot money. Our strategy is really to provide great deals to consumers and have the streamlined economics and the digital model to support that. And that’s what we will continue to do. And that -- I think it will serve us well through this part of the cycle and I think over the longer term.
Jeff Norris: Well, that concludes our question-and-answer period and our call for this evening. Thank you for joining us on this conference call today and for your continuing interest in Capital One. As a reminder, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening, if you have further questions. Thanks, everyone. Have a great evening.
End of Q&A:
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome everybody to Capital One's second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2019 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with slide three. Capital One earned $1.6 billion or $3.24 per share in the second quarter. Net of adjusting items earnings per share were $3.37. Adjusting items in the quarter included $54 million of launch and integration costs associated with our Walmart partnership, and $28 million of restructuring charges associated with the exit of certain investing businesses.  Slide 13 of our earnings presentation outlines the financial impact of these costs. In addition to these adjusting items, we sold several small partnership portfolios in the quarter, totaling approximately $1 billion of outstandings, which resulted in a pre-tax impact of $128 million or $0.21 per share, and included a gain on sale of $49 million and an allowance release of $68 million. This collection of partnerships generated about $160 million in annual revenue. Relative to a year ago, adjusted pre-provision earnings declined 1% with revenue growing 4% offset by non-interest expense growing 9%, which was driven by higher marketing expense in the absence of a non-recurring adjustment to a vendor agreement this time last year. Provision for credit losses increased 5% driven by a modest increase in charge-offs, coupled with a smaller allowance release in the current quarter compared to the prior year quarter. Let me take a moment to discuss the quarterly movements in our allowance for each of our businesses, which are detailed in table eight of the earnings supplement.
Richard Fairbank : Thank you, Scott. Slide eight summarizes second quarter results for our credit card business. Pre-tax income was relatively flat compared to the second quarter of 2018. Year-over-year, growth in loans and purchase volume drove higher revenue, which was offset by higher non-interest expense. Credit Card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic card business, which is shown on slide nine.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. Remember as a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. And if you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the investor relations team will be here and available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  And we will take our first question fromSanjay Sakhrani with KBW. 
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. First question is on the interest rate environment and the broader market expectations of rate cuts. Scott, could you just talk about how we should think about the NIM trajectory in that backdrop. I know Rich spoke to the pressure from higher deposit funding costs. But just how you guys expect to manage through that?
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Sanjay. So as a reminder, I think we have said this many times that we really don't seek to bet on interest rate movements and we try to maintain a pretty neutral rate position relative to implied forwards. So from here I would say that a flatter or inverted yield curve is going to be a modest headwind to our NIM, on flip side of that a steeper yield curve is going to be a modest tailwind. As you know, the yield curve flattened in Q2 and long-term swap rates are now down to around 2% and at that level of long-term rates. The flatter yield curve has created probably a few basis points of headwind to NIM in our full year 2019 net interest margin. So that's a little bit of where I see the interest rates impacting us.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And then my follow-up question on that partnership loss, was it a matter of misalignment between yourselves and the partner or is it sort of a reflection of a more heightened competitive environment? And maybe Rich, you can just speak to the broader competitive environment while you are at it? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank : So I don’t think there is any big significance to read into this. What I would say is with our digital transformation and where we are going in our card business, we are focusing more on partners that are industry leaders and scale players and we continue to be very excited about the card partnership business. And of course with Walmart coming on, we have a lot of momentum. We are continuing to build capabilities that differentiate Capital One from other players at auction, so that we can build a growingly valuable partnership business both for ourselves and for the partners who team with us to build their franchise.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Good evening. Rich, could you talk a little bit about the auto business. Looks like the yields moved up and I know some of the peers that have been reporting recently that are big players in auto lending are talking about rates on new originations being higher than the current portfolio and having arguably some pricing power. Can you talk a bit about that?
Richard Fairbank : I don't think we're struck by any significant movement in pricing power. I think we're at a pretty good place competitively in the marketplace. As you've watched our business and the conversation we have on all of these calls where we’ll really see a bigger opportunity and there will be pretty sizable growth in originations, then the competition comes in either in magnitude and or in some of their practices and we kind of pull back a little bit. I think we're in a fairly balanced place right now, I'm not struck by a change in the margin opportunity, but if you -- but just sort of the feel of the marketplace, I think there is a -- there is some growth opportunity. And I think the other thing that we're struck by in Capital One's case at least is the strength of the some of the credit results that we have been seeing. And we're pleased by that.
Don Fandetti: Okay. And just real quick follow-up, the Fed looks like they're going to cut rates do you think that'll have any impact on the card business from a focus on revolver versus transactors. I know that when rates moved up, you did see some change in behavior.
Scott Blackley: I don't think -- are you talking about a change in behavior in our customers, or in terms of the focus that we have in our…
Don Fandetti: Yes, just a change in the focus on revolvers versus transactors. I know when rates moved up there was a little bit of a shift over to revolvers. I didn't know if you thought there would any change from that perspective.
Scott Blackley: Yeah. Over the whole range of interest rates that we've -- the range of interest rates we've had for the last significant number of years, I don't think it's led to real pivots by us relative to transactors or revolvers. I think we are very -- as you know, we're leaning into the opportunity at the high end of the marketplace where we're getting a lot of momentum with the franchise that we're building and these are long-term stable, very low attrition, very valuable annuities and we're capitalizing on that opportunity. And sometimes in our conversations, we talk more about that. But meanwhile on little cat feed, if you will, we continue to just keep plowing ahead very consistently on the revolver side of the business. And frankly, the growth of -- the continued really strong performance in new originations is not only a top of the market phenomenon, and we continue to have strength across our -- across the transactor and revolver side of the business and this gives rise to growth opportunities as we -- on the revolver side as we grow the -- as customers grow their balances and as we extend higher lines over time.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JP Morgan.
Rick Shane: Guys, thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Hey, Rich, you spoke about the traction in the spender market. I am curious, given the strength in labor and wage growth and frankly low gas prices, how you feel about the middle income consumer? And is that an opportunity that perhaps you should have leaned into a little bit harder over the last year? And will you -- is that something -- is it appropriate to lean in now? 
Richard Fairbank : Yes, I think that our -- we've had a very consistent strategy for an extended period for a long time relative to the revolver part of the marketplace, which is, one where in this extended recovery is one that I think continues to post strong credit results. We, if I pull up about, what we -- how things have varied in the last few years. So, we had a significant growth surge in 2014 through 2016. And we all watch a lot of the metrics that Capital One changed significantly. We saw that -- we saw signs of - some signs of concern in the industry vintage curves, gapping out a bit in 2016. And our own results were consistent with what we saw in the industry. We pulled back on originations and certainly launched a more conservative approach toward credit lines.  Since then, Rick, we have seen -- we’re very pleased with the vintage results that we have seen in 2017, what it looks like 2018. So, there is certainly a strength there that that we note, and it is that that is leading us to open up a little bit more gradually on the credit line side, which is a contributor to the gradually increasing loan growth. But along the way, we have continued to really go for the opportunity in growing new accounts. It's been the sort of the -- our lever of -- the lever that we have dialed is how significantly to open the credit lines, and how quickly to move them. The actual origination machine has stayed at a sort of wide open over that period of time, and we're getting particularly strong results in the last 12 months in that.
Rick Shane : Got it. Yes look, I understand hindsight. 2020 and it's easy for my seat to say that and objectively we thought the growth surge that you guys experienced in 2014 and 2015 was a big catalyst. It is interesting to sort of think about it moving forward as well.
Richard Fairbank : Yes, the other thing Rick is there, I think if you stand back and look on an absolute like-for-like normalized basis, while 2016 had -- we saw the most impact across the industry in terms of things gaping out. On an actual like-for-like basis originations keep normalizing a little bit and exact on a like-for-like basis, the credit losses are a little bit higher. Now capital we are very pleased with our vintage, the vintages of our originations and the choices we made on line increases. With part of that strength comes from the dialing back around the edges that we've had. And the other thing I want to say is that it's not lost on us. We just -- we, America just broke the record for the longest sustained recovery. We are deep into the cycle. And so our biggest focus is on underwriting for resilience. And -- but in the meantime, we're really pleased with the strength of the originations and we continue to unleash some of that in terms of loan growth on the credit line side.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom : Thanks very much. I just wanted to circle back on the provision explanation for a moment, if I could. I was just looking at the past several quarters worth of the credit loss and provision coverage history. And the losses have gone up at a very moderate pace, a few basis points over the past five, six quarter. But looks like the coverage has come in a bit with this release in this period and just hoping you could give us a little more color on what drove that change in forward expectation in light of that very moderate decline in asset quality over the same timeframe?
Scott Blackley: Well, a couple of things. So in my comments, I mentioned that we've seen very stable credit performance and then an economy that just has continued to really roll forward and it's just a combination of those things honestly as you know in our portfolio, given its size, small moves there can generate $100 million release. So you think about the release in card a good portion of that was related to the sale of the several of the small partnerships that we talked about and the remainder was just driven by the ongoing strength of credit and the economy. 
Eric Wasserstrom : Okay. And if I can just follow-up on that point, does that imply some sort of -- I mean, the ongoing strength. I guess I'm trying to understand whether that ongoing strength implies to you that you think credit losses will improve from here or just continue at this sustained pace of small incremental deterioration.
Richard Fairbank : So our viewpoint that is that credit performance that we see is basically flattish and there are number of kind of small effects, offsetting effects, different things that are idiosyncratic about the drivers that make variation off of flat, but on a seasonally adjusted basis things look pretty flattish for us. As we look at other metrics like delinquency flow rates they look strong, they look stable. We of course do have some continued benefits from growth in that being a good guy quietly in the background and I think overlaid on top of all of that that’s probably underlying a little bit of normalization in the current business. And I think in our case there kind of these moderate effects are offsetting pretty much to a draw. So I think things are pretty stable and of course we always have to remind ourselves where we are in the cycle. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. I was wondering you mentioned I think for the first time you talked about the growth rate of your branded card portfolio at 4.7% and what had that thing growing at an you alluded to the process that you’ve talked about a few times in terms of kind of seasoning the accounts a little longer before increasing their credit line and maybe if you could, just talk a little more about because we’re kind of approaching about a year since you started adding those accounts. And so is it reasonable to assume that that 4.7% would be accelerating from here?
Scott Blackley: So we pointed out the branded metric because partly there has been some things that have been modestly affecting the metrics in the other direction on the partnership side and also of course a lot of the marketing we’re spending, the franchise we’re building that directly is in service of the branded card business that we’re building. So you can see -- well basically while we are not giving historical metrics on those things that that branded card metric is also picking up and it is the primary area that is getting the benefit of the significant surge on account originations. So I think with every passing quarter we’re opening up a little bit more on the credit lines, and hopefully we’ll continue to have strong account originations. And the combination of those two can be a good guy for the growth in our branded card business. 
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it. Could you -- I mean, was that number 100 basis points lower if you went back six months? 
Scott Blackley: Yes, I don't -- we're not going to give the retro numbers, but it has tended to be stronger than the one minus is the branded card in recent periods. And it is growing nicely. 
Richard Fairbank : Yes, Moshe, I believe, last quarter week gave the metric on the call at just a little over four.
Moshe Orenbuch: Got it, okay. Thanks.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. 
Ryan Nash: Good evening, guys. Rich, the industry was able to significantly lag on the way up on deposit pricing, but you've had a lot of banks building out all sorts of digital deposit taking capability. So outside of the negative mix shift that Scott talked about, what are your thoughts on banks like Capital One and the industry's ability to reduce deposit pricing on the way down? And I have a follow-up question.
Richard Fairbank : I think it is a great question. I'm not going to often I’ll stick my neck out and make predictions. I think here there's certainly an industrial logic for it. We've seen a few of the direct players, three of the big kind of nine direct players have made a move downward, which is noteworthy. And I think the choices that are made by each company is going to be very much dependent on their particular situation, what is their need for deposit growth and what other kinds of pressures are they facing. But I certainly -- I've always thought it's ironic that people talk about deposit betas as if beta is the number that's the same size on the way up and the way down and a lot of people model things with a number called the deposit beta, but the first thing most intuitively is the betas have to be different on the way up and the way down. And they're going to probably be different for direct players than they will be for regular players. But I'm heartened Ryan by some of the dynamic moves that we're seeing in the marketplace. But I'm not ready to predict that players will have much movement downward, I think it's going to be harder for -- well certainly the biggest banks don't have anywhere to go because they really didn't chase the rates up regional banks maybe are kind of in between relative to the direct banks and the big banks. But we'll have to monitor this closely. And your question is a good one. 
Ryan Nash: If I could ask just one follow-up, so the stock is trading just above 1.15 times tangible book value for a company that's putting up a high-teens return on equity. What do you think the market is missing about the resilience of the business model or the efficiency opportunity, from the digital transformation over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank : Well, thank you, Ryan. I think that Capital One is in a very great place in terms of the opportunities that we see, headline by the digital opportunity. And it is very clear inside our company and you're starting to see some manifestations externally that our tech progress is accelerating and the benefits, which extend across a lot of different aspects of the business from speed to market to product quality, customer experience, risk management, operational effectiveness, growth, efficiency, there's a lot of different aspects of it and it's not all going to manifest itself in a big bang, but we feel we can see traction accelerating in many places. Now, how that translates into valuation, is very much probably related to also how investors feel about a consumer stock and a consumer lending stock at this time in the cycle as well. So, with respect to that side of the business, Ryan, we -- the number one thing that drives our underwriting is not reaching for growth opportunities. It's a focus on resilience. And I think this served us very well on the last recession we underwrite as if a recession is upon us. And, I, very much like the resilience of the business that we're booking but I think investors still carry concerns about that. And I think that affects valuation. But if you see a bounce in my step, if you see some -- here the energy in the sort of spit flying passion with which I described this thing. I've been building this company for -- this is the 25th anniversary this year of our IPO in 1994. And I must say that the period we're in reminds me in many ways of the early days of Capital One with the just some really nice opportunities to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace and to make a real impact on customers and build a franchise. And how that makes its way into valuation is one thing well I'll have to look at. But the thing that we focus, most importantly is on getting it to make its way into the metrics of earnings and growth and returns themselves.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin St. Pierre with KSP Research.
Kevin St. Pierre: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking the question. Rich, I believe you had mentioned that the majority of the deposit growth was coming through the Capital One 360 products. Some of the other large banks have incorporated mobile and digital slides into their presentations where they give us statistics on mobile users and transaction. I was wondering, if there are some successes, some numbers that you could share with us, both on the mobile front and the Capital One cafes, and even some numbers behind the Capital One 360 products?
Richard Fairbank : Kevin, we -- there's a lot of traction in all the metrics that you mentioned, we haven't -- I think for a certain competitive reasons have not chosen necessarily to lay all of that out. But directionally the growth in mobile users. The metrics, I've seen at Capital One at the top of the league tables in terms of growth rate of mobile users and dangerously close to the top of the league table in terms of total mobile users, which growth rate and magnitude if they're both at the top that augurs pretty well.  So on the 360 side, of course, there's -- what's sort of unique about Capital One is that we really have sort of two different banks. We're a combination of a local bank and a direct bank. And we've built overtime a strategy that's more of instead of running around with two businesses, it's more of a fusion of the two. That said, our metrics continue to be sort of a blend of the performance of the two. But what we're really excited about is the power that comes from building a single phase and a single brand and a single franchise that tries to combine the best of what local banking has, but -- and the best of what a more pure digital bank would have. And we are very pleased with the early results. And we continue to be bullish about the opportunity there.
Kevin St. Pierre: Just following up on that, and maybe also following up on Ryan's question and commentary. I think, if you are at the top of the league tables in terms of mobile users mobile growth, and you could potentially show us that, I'd respectfully say that that might solve a little bit of the valuation issue if you can show that you are slugging it out with the big boys punching above your weight on the mobile digital front, I think that could only help.  Just a quick follow-up, maybe if you could speak to the preparations for on-boarding, Walmart, both in terms of servicing -- preparing for servicing the customers, as well as any changes you're planning to the structure of the product.
Richard Fairbank : So, we remain excited and on track, with respect to the launch of the Walmart partnership, and the conversion of the back book, both of which are slated for late third quarter, early fourth quarter. We are working closely with both Walmart and synchrony in this complex conversion, both are being good partners in this conversion. With respect to products and marketing plans, we're going to -- we have nothing to announce on that. But as you can imagine, we're working very hard. And we look forward to our launch date.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Two questions, one a little more of a modeling question. But I just wanted to confirm the portfolios that you sold was that at the end of the quarter? I'm just wondering and I think Scott, you mentioned $160 million of annual revenues associated with the portfolio. And is that in -- is that out of the 2Q run rate, or do we start that from 3Q and maybe you could give us a sense of the expense ratio we should align with that?
Scott Blackley: Yes, that was at the end of the quarter. So that run rate is going to start in Q3. And in terms of efficiency, I don't expect that it's going to have any meaningful impact to the overall efficiency ratio. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay, so same efficiency, okay. And then just wanted to hear what your thoughts were with regard to some of the new competitors that are going to be coming in, I mean we've got Goldman and Apple that are planning on launching a car in the next couple of months. And they've been very vocal about looking to go with a low cost to the consumer solution, no fee and low interest rate. I mean, we'll see what those rates look like when it gets launched, because clearly it's a marketing pitch right now, we don't have any data to back that up. But that's the plan. So Rich, I was just wondering how you think about that type of new entrant coming in? And, if there was anybody other than Apple, maybe -- or I don't know, maybe it doesn't matter that it's Apple, but just wondering how you think about that? And you mentioned earlier, how you're really underwriting as if a recession is upon us at all points, which makes a lot of sense, and it serves you well, I'm just wondering, do you think that there's any challenge or risk that that could get up ended in a new competitor coming into the market like this?
Richard Fairbank : Yes, Betsy, it certainly gets our attention when pretty much anything that -- let me start with Apple, anything that Apple does, gets our attention, because they and the other big four consumer tech companies are whether they say it or not are certainly focused on the -- by the way, they don't want to become banks. They are plenty happy, I think to led banks be banks, they're interested in really controlling the front end of banking, which is really the customer interface, the customer experience, that's where the eyeballs are, that's where the interaction is, that's where the data is. And that's where -- that's the less regulated side of the business as well. So that certainly, as a general point, always has our attention. And I think the tech companies bring a lot of natural assets to the table and they're certainly have good technology. It also gets their attention and players like Goldman Sachs, build a consumer business. Because I think Goldman's a great company and they starting from scratch building a consumer business. I think have done a nice job with what they've done. So I think I don't have any predictions to make about this, I think, it's nicely put together with nice marketing. And, I would expect Apple and Goldman to be successful with what they're doing.  As far as we're concerned, we continue to go all in transforming our company from a tech point of view. And that puts us in a position to have great digital customer experience. And I'm very bullish about our opportunity, even as others step up their offerings and their competition. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Hecht with Jeffries.
John Hecht: Afternoon, guys, and thanks for taking my question. Can you guys spoke about being somewhat neutral from a rate environment perspective in terms of the NIM. But then you did highlight that your deposits might reflect a headwind for the remainder of the year. I wonder, can you give us, I guess, some color around what type of NIM pressure that might reflect and the cadence of that?
Scott Blackley: Yes, John, we've been signaling that deposit mix and at least during the period where we were seeing rates rise, even some of the deposit rates were putting some pressure on NIM. As you can look at our kind of the movement of our NIM quarter over quarter over quarter for a while, you can see that it's been drifting down just a little bit each quarter. And so that's a little -- just to give you a sense of the trajectory there. I think that, these aren't really significant headwinds, but it's just a pretty much a consistent few basis points every single quarter that we're seeing as pressure.
John Hecht: Okay. And then, just to -- I guess a follow up, tied to that is, how do we think of -- you had a pretty big growth in deposits during the quarter? How do we think about the overall deposit strategy? What's kind of the maximum in terms of the composition of deposits you'd want for liabilities? And how much mix do we -- should we expect in the 360 product?
Scott Blackley: When you think about deposits, we have a relatively high ratio of loan to deposits. So we would love to be able to continue to grow our deposit base. We tried to make sure that we have access to all of the wholesale funding channels that we can. We also take advantage of commercial deposits where they are appropriate for our liquidity profile. So, when it comes to just where we hope to be on our direct bank deposits and our local bank deposits, and we think that's an opportunity for us to continue to grow. We think we're really well positioned with the products and the digital tools that we have out there in the market. And so, I would expect that we'll be able to continue to see growth in that area of funding of the bank.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question this evening comes from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari : Good evening. On the -- on your operating efficiency ratio expectation to reach 42% by 2021. I know that excludes marketing spend, can you talk about over that period how you think about the trajectory of marketing spend just given the competitive dynamics in the business? Or I guess another way to ask it, you expect that improvement to 42% to improve the total efficiency ratio for the company. Maybe can you give us an idea the magnitude of improvement in the total ratio that you expect?
Scott Blackley: Yeah, John. The reason that we gave our long term guidance on operating efficiency ratio and not total -- I mean, we did give one on total efficiency ratio, but it was less specific than the operating efficiency ratio is because the operating efficiency ratio is there are a lot of dynamics happening in our business. And in our quest to keep driving down operating efficiency ratios that these effects are, colloquially put baking in the oven. And, what's happening with Walmart and the move to the full revenue share at the end of 2020, for example, that there's an economic change that happens. And also, that's when we're going to be fully kind of in ramping on the front book of Walmart as well. Then we've got the data center exit, and the timing of that continues to be relatively certain. And we can see the economics that, by the way, don't just happen automatically the economic benefits, but with tremendous efforts to make sure that they happen, we can see that baking in the oven. And there is some other technology innovation, that is in the works that collectively happened to line up around that time period. And given that we have been spending a bunch of money on technology, our investors have had a lot of questions about technology, and one of the many benefits of the tech transformation is the opportunity to really significantly improve operating efficiency. We shingled ourselves to that. The marketing is not something that we would lay out our shingle about what it's going to be wanting two and three years from now, that's very much going to be based on what we see in the market at that time. And the opportunities we have to build a franchise, how much traction that we are having in the upper end of the marketplace where a lot of the marketing is directly focused. And -- but we also didn't want to just exclude that from the conversation because obviously to investors in the end, total efficiency is the thing that drives the bottom line. And that's why even with the kind of range of outcomes that can have on the marketing side, our point was that we think total efficiency ratio can significantly improve by 2021.
John Pancari : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Scott Blackley:  Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Well, thank you everyone for joining us on our conference call today and thank you for your interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period.  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome everybody to Capital One's first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2019 results.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned 1.4 billion or $2.86 per share in the first quarter. Net of adjusting items earnings per share were $2.90. The only adjusting items we had in the quarter was 25 million of launch in integration costs associated with our Walmart partnership. Slide 13 outlines the financial impacts of this adjusting item. Pre-provision GAAP earnings increased 18% on a linked quarter basis and 2% year-over-year to 3.4 billion. Revenue of 7.1 billion was 1% higher than Q4 '18 and 3% higher than a year ago. Relative to the prior quarter non-interest expense was down 11%, largely from a lack of Q4 seasonal spending. Compared to the prior year, non-interest expense was higher by 3% driven by increased marketing spend as operating expenses remained flat. Provision for credit losses increased 3% on a linked quarter basis driven by an allowance build in the quarter. Charge-offs were relatively flat as there were a modestly offsetting seasonal changes in our auto and domestic card businesses. On a year-over-year, basis provision cost were higher by 1%, driven by a larger allowance build in the quarter, partially offset by lower charge-offs in our domestic card business. Let me take a moment to explain the quarterly movements in allowance across our businesses, which are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Reserves in our commercial business increased by 55 million, driven by the establishment of reserves related to a few specific credits and loan growth. Our credit cards business saw an allowance increase of 25 million, driven by a build in international card, partially offset by a small release in domestic card. In our consumer business, there was a build of 14 million driven by growth and portfolio mix in our auto business.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Scott, and good evening. Slide 8 summarizes first quarter results for our credit card business. First quarter pretax income was up 7% from the prior year, as the positive impact of revenue growth and lower provision for credit losses were partially offset by higher non-interest expense. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic card business, which is shown on Slide 9. In the first quarter, domestic card ending loan balances were up $2.5 billion or about 3% compared to the first quarter of last year. Average loans grew about 2%. Revenue increased 4% from the first quarter of 2018, driven by purchase volume growth and loan growth. Revenue margin increased 21 basis points to 16.15% for the quarter. Non-interest expense was up about 6% compared to the prior year quarter. Operating expenses increased as we began to ramp up operational capabilities for a smooth Walmart conversion and launch later this year.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts that may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, let's start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Rich, just to follow up on the marketing commentary, you, in last quarter you signaled that you are focusing on acquiring accounts but keeping lines low in anticipation of maybe some potential change in the credit environment, but would give you the flexibility to increase lines at a future date. Is that still the strategy? Or is there any change to that approach?
Richard Fairbank: Eric, we are being cautious online. Let me tell you about how that works. It means that we want to see more validation before extending more line. And in fact, with every passing month, we are seeing increasing validation in the performance of recent vintages, and this augurs well for more line extensions over time.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great, and maybe just to follow up on that. We've seen some information of data that points to some weakening in credit in kind of mid-FICO modestly better than median income cohorts. Are you seeing anything like that? Or just more broadly, are you seeing any particular subpopulations where there is evidence of deteriorating asset quality?
Richard Fairbank: Eric, a thing that we noticed and we've seen this, we're kind of on the lookout for it but we have now with the benefit of hindsight seen some degradation of performance of consumers for a given FICO growth. This isn't a Capital One thing in fact it isn't even an industry origination thing. This is really a, we can see that all the way just sort of looking at bureau data. And the reason that we sort of hypothesized this is, well, let me say our hypothesis for this modest effect, but I think it is important to note is that given the how long derogatory data stays on the credit bureaus, the derogatory data from the great recession has over the last few years been rolling off. And so, our hypothesis has been and one of the reasons for our own conservatism has been, we may be looking at data that are might do not paying for full picture of a consumers sort of credit history. So, we've been on the lookout for that. We have seen the effect certain by FICO score. Different people did have a different hypothesis for the effects. Now, in terms of what we do we, we built comprehensive credit models that are far beyond sort of just a snapshot of bureau score. And so I think we feel very good about our credit the recent vintages the performance of fact, my comments earlier about validation with respect to our performance, making us more comfortable with some line increases values, indicative of that same point. But they are part of the context for our caution has been not only sort of how deeply are in the FICO, but also this is a time period when they of less information than there once was on the bureau and we all need to be careful consumers of that information as we make our credit decisions.
Operator: And will take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Appreciate the color on the cloud migration and the cost reductions from closing the data centers. I guess two questions on that. One, Rich, can you just talk about what competitive advantage it gives you from moving to the cloud and sort of the functionality there? And then secondly, on the 42% in 2021, is it fair to assume that there could be an expansion that's more greater than normal in the future because you have got leverage off that maybe Scott could you address that?
Richard Fairbank: So, we've talked for years about the benefits of going to the cloud and I think there are many benefits, and ironically the costs are not really at the top of the list. Our, what we hypothesis and we are finding is that, things are faster. The scalability is much greater the kind of it takes to provision. A hardware and software environment is much faster. The ability to scale up and down basically on demand, the ability to tap in to the world's innovation that, that is going on in that segment and also benefit in security and reliability. And along the way there economic benefits as well. So, it's a pretty compelling case. The bigger issue and the issue that all American corporations faced is not G on paper is, are there a lot of benefits from going to cloud? The big question is how on earth are we going to get there from here? And that requires confronting really for most companies, decades and decades of you know heritage in terms of who they are, the talent, the infrastructure, the way the Company works, culture and you know it is -- the big issue is the journey. And therefore, the big news for Capital One is that we're announcing that, we have line of sight to the completion of that journey. That's not the completion of our entire tech transformation in the sense. We will probably always be in a tech transformation because the world is in one, but it's a very important milestone for Capital One to arrive at this destination, but it's really a story of journey. And that is you know, that's what American companies are really going to have to confront each of them in their own way as they decide what they want to be when they grow up from a technology point of view. With respect to 42% just explain your question again when you said will that expand.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Yes, I guess, is there more leverage ability off that 42% because you are moving to the cloud and you're not as physical data center intensive.
Richard Fairbank: No, I think the very full year run rate benefit of getting out of the straddle and being fully on the cloud are reflected in the 42 number. I think from there we have always said, basically, the more we transform comprehensively into a digital company, the more benefits that can accrue over time in terms of the economics of the business. With respect to the, I think the number reflects the full benefit of getting out of the data centers and being in one environment and not two. I think the longer journey of Capital One is going to continue to be one where we drive, continue to drive our customers to digital and drive our company to digital and the many benefits that I cited one of which is economics you know should continue to manifest themselves.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Scott, you'd mentioned that the targeted capital return would be meaningfully higher in 2019. Can you elaborate a little bit on that in terms of your priorities, buybacks, dividends, and if you can maybe sort of better quantify where that payout ratio target might go?
Scott Blackley: Yes, Don, thanks for the question. We're closing out Q1 at around 11.9% the easy one. So, we're in a position where we're above our 11% capital need and I would expect that we're' going to accrete more capital in Q2, because as you may recall, we've already completed our 2018 CCAR share repurchase program. So, you know, I would -- we're not going to be in a position of distributing more capital before we get fed approval on our 2019 plan. I'm not going to comment on CCAR at this point. I just don’t want to get ahead of the fed release, so I'm not going to give you any more details about that. I'll just say in general and I'm going to reiterate some of the points. I made in my talking points, but we are in a really good position. I believe to fund organic growth to fund the Walmart acquisition. We got the first phase of CECL coming in 2020, which were going to need to support new capital. And then taking all those things and looking at the earnings power that we have and our capital position today, I feel pretty good that we're going to be able to have a distribution, a capital distribution that is quite higher than what we had last year in our CCAR plan.
Don Fandetti: Lastly, it looks like the delinquency rate on a year-over-year basis, domestic cards is sort of creeping up a little bit each month. Can you talk a little about your expectations going forward?
Scott Blackley: Yes, so, Don, our -- let me start with our credit losses. Our losses are still improving on a year-over-year basis, while as you point out our delinquencies were about 4% higher than the year-ago quarter. There are some idiosyncratic drivers of that increase. For example, we change loss recognition timing for the Cabela's portfolio to align with Capital One practices back in October of 2018. This had only a slight effect to our overall credit metrics but it impacts the year-over-year delinquency comparison by a few percentage points, interestingly. First quarter may also have some effects from government shutdowns, including delays to some tax refund payments, which contribute to the seasonal movements in our credit metrics this time of year. So, I wouldn't read too much into delinquencies in this slightly noisy quarter. Pulling up our unique growth math dynamics have been the dominant driver of our credit performance for some time. First, driving our credit losses up and then down and growth math continues to be a good guy. Of course, our credit is also impacted by the economy. The competitive cycle our growth choices and other industry effects. So, we would expect a little normalization in terms of overall current industry performance overtime. So, going forward, we will have a couple of offsetting drivers of current credit, growth math that will continue to be a good guy and industry normalization that will likely fall in the other direction.
Operator: And will take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Rich, on the 42% efficiency target, I mean, clearly that has two sides to the equation in terms of expenses and revenues. So, can you maybe size for us how big the cost component of that is, just given the fact that the revenue environment could end up being different better or worse relative to what you're expecting and as of today? And then I guess, secondly, given that marketing historically somewhere between 600 and 800 basis points of efficiency. Is it safe to say that we'll be looking at an efficiency ratio below 50% over time?
Richard Fairbank: So, Ryan, we don't. What we try to do in doing this 42, I mean, we can always create point estimates. The one thing we know about point estimates in our business, and by the way our investors have all experienced this. Point estimates, that only think you know is they're not going to be exactly bad with respect to a particular metric like revenue. So what we did is go through a metric of outcomes of different revenue thinking through, you know what, how the costs associated with different revenue outcomes. And you know, sort of the way we think of it is, if you if you take away the what I'm calling good guys that are coming in 2021, our story really is, and this was kind of in our guidance, our general guidance we've been giving over the last couple of years. That the combination of revenue growth and continuing to drive on the cost of digital productivity gain general side, that will drive gradual improvement in operating efficiency. So, the other primary point we're making here is on top of what we think is a gradual improvement that will come from all the things that we do on the revenue and cost side. We're pointing out a few specific good guys that happen to align themselves around the full year 2021. And those good guys are of course the exit of our data centers by the end of 2020, which should drive significant savings beginning in 2021. Some technology innovation that will enable some specific, some efficiency gains, and then the benefits from the Walmart partnership, now that also line lines up around 2021 because of the revenue sharing structure that we, in our deal with Walmart and as you recall, the revenue sharing is less over the first year of the deal. And then it steps up to the full revenue share thereafter, so there's kind of a coincidence of where several things sort of align themselves around 2021. So, if I pull way up to your question, well, you know, we don't know -- we will see where the revenue and all the metrics you know that drives operating efficiency where they go over time. I just think a lot of planets align and a lot of things that are we sometimes use the word baking in the oven, things that are really in the works, where we are able to do something it's a little out of character for Capital One to give such a specific number several years out in the future. But that would be the context behind that, Ryan.
Jeff Norris: Next question.
Richard Fairbank: Oh, he asked the question on the marketing side. So, I'm not -- we're not giving a specific number with respect to total efficiency ratio and that is because marketing of course is very driven by the contact that we find ourselves in overtime and the opportunity to really generate great business when we get there. And that's not a thing that were going to guide ourselves to several years out in the future, but I think our other point was that the significant it's a bit the operating efficiency improvements to 42, we expect that this improvement will drive significant improvement in total efficiency ratio by 2021 as well.
Operator: And will take our next question from Chris Brendler with Buckingham.
Chris Brendler: So, I just had a question on card business, really nice acceleration with non-net interest income this quarter up to 13%, if anything you call out there. And then related, it looks like subprime mix on the card business ticked up at tiny bit, not make a big deal out of it. Just want to know if it's more macros or is there a decision on the underwriting side?
Scott Blackley: Yes, Chris, this is Scott. A couple of things there, so one on interchange, Rich, mentioned that we had an adjustment to our rewards liability. That was about $51 million and so just some context there. Every quarter, we update our estimates of the cost of honoring our card rewards. And that estimate always considers changes in consumer redemption patterns and then any updates that happen in terms of terms and conditions. So, we usually see some level adjustment here every quarter or sometimes it's an increase, sometimes it's a decrease. This quarter was $51 million, the least.
Chris Brendler: And then on the service fee side, there, is it coming down quite a bit still? Is that conscious decision?
Scott Blackley: On the service fees, a few things there, on a year-over-year basis, a couple things; one, there were a few small ticket one-time or benefits in Q1 '18. And then on an ongoing basis, we have exited a number of the subscale businesses that impact that line item as well. So you know, I think that most of that is in the Q1 2018 number, but not in the 2019 number. So, I would say that the 353 million of service charge and fee income for Q1 is a pretty clean quarter.
Richard Fairbank: Chris, with respect to subprime mix, our subprime asset mix of 34% is flat year-over-year and sort of in line with our historical portfolio mix of around one third, plus or minus. It is up lightly quarter over quarter in line with seasonal trends and all these numbers there's always rounding so these are integers. So, I think the takeaway that you really should have is there's not a lot of news with respect to the subprime mix.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JP Morgan.
Rick Shane: Rich, I think impulsively when you're talking about account growth. You're bifurcating between heavy spenders and traditional revolvers. Our assumption is that for the heavy spenders that you'd have to be pretty competitive in terms of line limit. Is that the right way to be thinking about it? And if that's the case when you look at the traditional revolvers do you think that most of the accounts that you have added do have the potential to grow the line limits over time.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, I'm glad you asked that question because there on many dimensions the heavy spender side of the business is so different from the revolver side of the business, but certainly one of them is credit line. So, let me start with heavy spenders. We, our lines are very competitive, very comparable to the leading players at the top of the market on the spender side. So, there's not a low line strategy with respect to heavy spenders. On the revolver side, we have always been very conservative probably relative to industry practices with respect to our credit line and you know, looking for more validation over time. I think we raised the bar with respect to validation recently and that's why we've been talking more caution on credit lines. Now let me talk now about the surge of growth that we've had along, that come complements to the surge of marketing that we have had. This is growth that is across the credit spectrum. It's actually, more up market shifted than usual, and that's kind of to my point earlier, we're especially getting traction at the top of the market. And the way that you know all of those accounts will play out is very consistent with how spender business you know is booked. It's expensive to book, it's a great annuity, it grows over time, etc. The, still because of the you know the whole portfolio of what we're booking, there's lots of revolver business in there and it's all, pretty much all business that we are looking to build lines with. And as we are getting the validation, that's what we are doing.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Two questions just starting off, one the cloud. I've heard that the cloud can help deliver much more efficient marketing programs and drive much better efficiency in the marketing itself. So, I'm just wondering, if you are experience in that as well and is that something that we could either expect to drive better revenue for marketing dollar invested with use of this tool what potentially, even we talked a little bit earlier about driving down the budget, but that's a TBD kind of question. So I am just wondering, if you're seeing that same kind of marketing efficiency improvement that other are?
Richard Fairbank: So, when you say marketing efficiency improvements that others are, I think there are a lot of folks not leveraging the cloud at the moment and maybe they're enjoying marketing efficiency improvements too. I think there is a lot of things going on in the world of marketing and there is quite an impact that's coming from the major tech companies, who are driving a lot of the digital marketing channels and the choices they made to in the walled garden of their information, how much they either provide turnkey services for other banks or for other companies or provide data to facilitate companies on choice. But I think the whole world is getting more and more efficient with respect to digital marketing. Here is one of that, but I mentioned earlier that it is kind of easy to write down on a piece of paper for what you've love to do with technology and the whole problem is how do you get there from here, and marketing is a classic example. We know the world is exploding in terms of data, big data and the ability to leverage more and more information to not only make better decisions, but to make them more customized on a micro really down to this segment of one. The elephant in the room is, how you mobilize massive big data in real-time, and I think for most American companies it's given enough time they can do a lot with data. The challenge of when big data meets real-time that's where modern technology really separates itself from classical technology. So marketing is on the list of one of the many things that we -- are driving improvements and look forward to driving more improvements with overtime, but I don't want to set an expectation that you'll as we fully go in the cloud, you will suddenly see a huge improvement in our marketing efficiency because frankly with most of the marketing that we're doing -- we're basically in the cloud with respect to the marketing that were doing, so that's a journey that has been ongoing and we look forward to more progress.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, and then just separately on Walmart, where you talked about products that you'll be launching when that comes over on the consumer side. I'm wondering, is there anything are you working with or planning on doing with them on the business side in B2B or the supplier side of their business model? or is it going to be solely on consumer? Just help us understand if there's, how broad that relationship could be?
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, at this point our relationship with Walmart is consumer credit card.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: And regards to some of the marketing spend that happened, ramped up quite a bit in the fourth quarter, would have expected a little bit better you know growth metrics here in the first quarter versus what we've seen last year. Could you just talk about what your expectation is for growth, and I believe some of your comments about some of the up market customers that you're starting to traction with, as we move through the next couple of quarters?
Richard Fairbank: So, Kevin, the one thing that I've said for probably those who have been following Capital One for many, many, many years, I've said all along, changes in marketing levels don't expect them to in coincident periods or even in immediately adjacent periods show dramatic effect on, especially on metrics like loans. So let me just talk a little bit about what's happening with respect to Capital One. So, the reason that we have -- we don't spend money in marketing just to spend it, one of the comments that I made in the earlier remarks is. You can't buy your way to you know lots of growth just by spending money and especially at the top of the marketplace with spenders. This is all about earning it and for years we have been putting in place, we've been very committed to building a spender business and investing in the customer experience, the digital experience, the products and the brand to be in a position where along all of those dimensions we're seeing tremendous progress. And what sort of has happened in recent quarters is the alignment of a lot of progress on this with our spender business and traction with customers and our brand with non customers, combined with an actual opportunity that we see in the marketplace. So, on the spender side of the business, you see a lot of our marketing is directed at the spender side of the business and we've had really tremendous traction there as I mentioned, and how that shows up is in significant growth of new accounts and those accounts are annuities that have great economics over time and the spenders ramp their purchases really literally for years. It doesn't move the loan growth needle a lot just by the basic numbers and how many heavy spenders there are and the fact that that -- it's a basically it's a numbers things. So the loan growth is dominated by what happens on the revolver side of the business. And let me comment about that other than the capability, which always exists for any bank to do line increases and I would often called that a coiled spring and it's a great opportunity for companies to take advantage of it when they want if that's that the ultimate way to really drive growth is through new account origination. That's the prerequisite for loan and revenue growth on the revolver side. As these customers mature, we gradually increase credit lines which translate into loan and revenue growth, and we -- my point has been that we've had really strong account growth. We are getting with every passing month more validation on the credit performance of advantages and all of this puts us in a position to capitalize on the to turn the account growth into loan growth and revenue growth overtime.
Operator: And will take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Rich, I was struck by the commentary about deposits cost growth and growth of online deposits and maybe if you could talk a little bit about the strategy there because getting more online deposits with higher cost including margins, isn’t really in that itself a strategy. What's the plan there? How does that benefit the Company and shareholders?
Richard Fairbank: The first order for any company is or for any bank is, they need to fund the Company. And of course that, well, like there is a lot of different ways to fund the Company. Capital One is in that I love the position that Capital One is in where are our strongest and biggest funding sources on the consumer side, because that's where I think through recessions and if you look at how the fed rate various types of deposit. If you look at the opportunity to have resilient funding and pricing overtime at the top of my list is consumer deposit. So building a -- we already are a national bank in our asset businesses, and we were a local bank in our funding businesses, and then we acquired our national direct bank. So building out a national bank is fundamentally a central to the success of Capital One. Now the way most banks overtime, I think envisioned how they are going to grow their deposit businesses and they do it through acquisition. That's not -- acquisitions of other banks. While we have that bank acquisitions in the past and they've been an important part of the strategic and funding migration of our company from a model line specialty finance company. Our future is going to be driven by organic growth of this national bank, and that's different from what most you know players have done. Now one way to grow deposits is to get on the lead tables and have the highest price and that certainly you know, there's nothing wrong with doing that. Over time what we're trying to do Moshe in a world where there all of banking is centered around one of two poles either people have a branch on every corner with quite low rate deposits or they have a direct bank and are paying you know at the high-end for deposits and our goal is not only to build a national bank but to work backwards from where retail banking is going to go, which I believe is towards thin physical distribution and great digital capabilities and you know attractive products for consumers. So we're basically trying to figure out know where the market is going to go and just go build that. How will that manifest itself for Capital One and for our financials? Again, very importantly, the funding of the Company but over time increasingly building our company as a franchise, much of it through cross sell through our own very large customer base and to not face the hotter money that's available out there. But in fact really build long-term relationships and end up as really a the one bank that is really a hybrid of the direct bank on one side and the branch in every corner bank on the other side. And we've seen a lot of traction early on with this. But what we're flagging to investors is, there are a number of reasons that we expect our deposit cost to go up. In the competition most banks are saying that anyway, but in our particular case, the, you know, the mixed effects of this journey and the sort of natural things that happened on the way to building this hybrid bank will be accompanied by higher average deposit costs.
Moshe Orenbuch: And what are the products that you think you'd be able to sell the banks, you know the online bank customers?
Richard Fairbank: Basically, Moshe, we between what is available, so first of all let's talk about capabilities for a second. One of the great challenges for a bank is while here. Most of the world is concluded in I find people that are not close to banking, of course, assuming well of course banks are to be digital, they'll probably be entirely digital. I've come to really respect the importance of them and power of some physical presence. But to challenge that any bank that does have a branch on every corner needs to confront, if you're going to build a deposit franchise is how to -- it is having a full suite of banking capabilities, that you can actually pull-off online or on your phone as opposed to having some of them. And so, we have taken the whole set of activities that can be done in banking, and the vast majority of virtually all of have been hand sloped by the importance, we have put these online and many of them but not all of them on mobile because we don't want to clutter mobile like a NASCAR uniform with every possible banking feature. But on little cat feet overtime, we have really built out a full banking capability that you don't need to have the local physical distribution now we're going to have some physical distribution and we are just locating that physical distribution in iconic locations. So, it has particular region salience, but with this strategy, we hope to capture some of the best of both worlds from the world of direct banking and of local banking. But what is just taken in the years that we've taken prior to rolling out our national bank has been of course taking the various tech platforms from the banks that we bought, putting them all together and putting their capability on the cloud and integrated and on the cloud building a -- and now building out a broad-based banking capabilities digitally, building a great and now J.D. Power award-winning for two years in a row banking capability, online banking capability, and importantly also Moshe a credible consistency in our retail banking experience locally. The other thing that we have done is been on the leading end of our branch rationalization, which is very important to the overall economics of this has been physical presence model.
Operator: And our final question tonight comes from Chris Donet with Sandler O' Neil.
Chris Donet: Just wanted to follow up on the that data center migration and think about the journey you've been on starting six years ago and then taking another couple years to get the end. I'm just curious, if you whatever, you had to do it over again. Do you think you could have shortened with that path? Because it seems to me this might be a competitive advantage that anyone else out there is going to have to keep, it's a decade process roughly. Just want to know what you're thoughts, if you could have done it in less time or if that's just how long it takes to redo to like which you talked earlier about the systems and personnel and infrastructure?
Richard Fairbank: Chris, so, we're -- one thing I said is that, well, I denominated our journey in two -- I denominated it in two ways. One is the recent journey which is the six years. We completed six years. We're in our seventh for this technology transformation. Importantly, it stands on the shoulders of Capital One itself and the heritage of what we've built with the talent model, the whole information-based strategy, the data, the analytics, the technology, that went into the whole founding of the Company and sort of who we are. So what is striking and I appreciate your question is that. On those shoulders, this journey we're already six years in and we're looking ahead to getting, you know, out of our data centers two years you know essentially eight years after beginning the tech transformation at Capital One, which is a bit of an advantaged starting place. I think there are lots of things we learned along the way, but I think if we did it over the journey is really, would be the same because it's a journey that is, it's a talent journey, it's a transforming how software is built. It's a journey that requires confronting the way that we work and this would be true for any American company that takes this on. Confronting, how the Company works, how people work both on the tech side and you know and across the Company. We have, you know, to take on the entangled infrastructure that exists at large banks, including our own, is a very, very daunting task and to you know set out to rebuild that not from the top of the tech stack but really from the bottom. That is a tough undertaking and it is. I don't think the path could be much shorter than what we've done. But that's why I say the real news isn't the destination, the news is the journey. And we know we have been all in on this journey and we're in year seven now. And by the way, the last thing I would say is, well, we wouldn't change too much. The one thing that we absolutely would choose to do, is to do this, because we are absolutely compelled by the opportunity here. And we can feel the accelerating progress on just about every dimension, if you were inside this company, you could feel acceleration on what's happening with the customer experience. What's happening in risk management, what's happening with the dynamism of the Company, the speed to market the products, how customers are feeling about Capital One, the pace of digital adoption by our customers. The momentum around transforming how sort of the operations work, the success in partnerships, I think are tech transformation was central to winning the Walmart deal. And our momentum in the sense of possibility in building a national bank, and finally, the economic, the acceleration of sort of economic opportunities that we have talked about on this call.
A - Jeff Norris: Thanks everyone for joining us on this conference call today. Thank you for your interest in Capital One. Remember, Investor Relations teams would be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2018 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.3 billion or $2.48 per share in the fourth quarter. We had three adjusting items in the quarter, which are outlined on page 13 of tonight's slide deck. We had $284 million or $0.60 per share income tax benefit as a result of the resolution of the tax item, this was recorded in our other category. We had a $74 million or $0.12 per share net gains on the sale of exited business, this was also recorded in our other category and finally we had a build of $50 million or $0.11 per share related to the UK PPI Reserve. This was recorded in our Credit Card segment. Net of these adjusting items earnings were at $1.87 per share in the fourth quarter. Let me take a moment to walk you through this quarter's results. Linked quarter pre-provision earnings on a GAAP basis decreased 10% to $2.9 billion with revenues up 1% and non-interest expenses up 10%. The increase in non-interest expense was primarily driven by higher marketing. Operating expenses were up 1% linked quarter as the absence of $170 million legal reserve we booked in the third quarter was more than offset by normal seasonal spending and $110 million of expenses related to a contract renegotiation and UK PPI. The provision for credit losses was up 29% on a linked quarter basis primarily driven by seasonally higher charge offs and the impact of smaller allowance build after an allowance release last quarter. Across all of our business growth drove modest allowance builds in the quarter. Allowance movements across our businesses are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin decreased five basis points on a linked quarter basis and seven basis points year-over-year primarily driven by higher rates on interest bearing liabilities and balance sheet mix changes. As we've talked about for some time, we continue to believe that increasing deposit cost will be a headwind to our net interest margin going forward. Turning to Slide 5, our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 11.2%. In the fourth quarter, we purchased 6.9 million common shares for $630 million which completes our 2018 CCAR authorization of $1.2 billion. We continue to view our capital need to be around 11% CET 1 based on current regulations. We believe we have sufficient capital on earnings power to support growth, our Walmart portfolio acquisition the phased in impact of adopting [indiscernible] on January 2020 as well as the potential for a meaningful capital distribution in the 2019 CCAR window. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. Before turning to fourth quarter results I'll share a brief update on our Walmart partnership. Walmart is America's largest retailer and we have a shared vision of how a card partnership can be a central part of a winning retail and ecommerce strategy. Last quarter, we announced our agreement to be the exclusive issuer of Walmart co-branded and private label credit cards. Tonight we're announcing that we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the existing portfolio of Walmart co-branded and private label credit card receivables at an attractive price and terms. At closing we expect the portfolio will consist of approximately $9 billion of receivables. And we expect to launch the new originations program and onboard the acquired portfolio late in the third quarter or early in the fourth quarter of 2019. Since we first announced the new relationship with Walmart, we've consistently said, we'd be happy to acquire the existing portfolio but only at the right price and terms. The portfolio has high credit losses, but we expect that the purchase price and customized revenue and loss sharing agreements will achieve resilient and attractive economics that make this a compelling acquisitions. For the acquired portfolio our share of credit losses is fixed at a low percentage throughout the partnership. In contrast, our share of revenue steps up after one year, after the step up our share of revenue is about three times our share of credit losses. In our financial results, we will recognize only our net share of the revenues and credit losses. We expect the impact of on boarding the portfolio will be a modest benefit to the charge off rate of our domestic card business. The new originations program also has revenue and loss sharing terms. The revenue and loss sharing percentages on the new origination program are different than the percentages on the acquired portfolio reflecting the fact that we will drive the underwriting that generates the new originations. In 2019, we expect to incur about $225 million in one-time expenses to launch the new originations programs and integrate the acquired portfolio. These expenses include technology investments and one-time costs associated with hiring and training operational staff and managing the surge of activities related to the conversion and launch. We expect these costs to ramp up over the course of 2019 will break them out as they're incurred throughout the year. When we onboard the portfolio we expect to build allowance only for our net share of the expected credit losses under the terms of our agreement with Walmart. We currently estimate a day one allowance build of approximately $120 million. The actual allowance build will depend upon the loan balances, credit performance and outlook as of the closing date. Pulling up, we're eager to work with Walmart to leverage payments innovation, digital capabilities and data and analytics to deepen relationships, drive digital adoption and create exceptional customer experience. We expect that the overall Walmart partnership including the acquired portfolio and the new originations programs and inclusive of the launch and integration cost. We'll have returns and resilience in line with our domestic credit card business. Slide 8 summarizes fourth quarter results for our credit card business. Fourth quarter pre-tax income was down modestly from the prior year as higher non-interest expense was partially offset by revenue growth and lower provision for credit losses. Looking at the full year we posted strong growth in pre-tax income driven by revenue growth and significant improvement in provision for credit losses. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of domestic card business which is shown on Slide 9. In the fourth quarter domestic card ending loan balances were up $2.1 billion or about 2% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Average loans also grew about 2%, fourth quarter purchase volume increased 11% from the prior year quarter. Revenue increased 2% from the prior year quarter in line with average loans, revenue margin continues to be relatively stable at 16.0%. Non-interest expense was up about 18% compared to the prior year quarter driven by higher marketing. Our marketing investments are driving strong growth in new accounts and purchase volume. Loan growth is well below new account growth as we remain cautious on credit lines at this point in the cycle. We expect our strength and originations to give us optionality for future loan growth. Credit trends continue to be a driver of domestic card results in the fourth quarter. The charge off rate for the quarter was 4.64% down 44 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 4.04% up three basis points from the prior year. Credit performance is pretty benign but we should always keep in mind that we're fairly deep in the cycle. Pulling up the competitive market place remains intense but generally rational. Supply of credit card continues to settle out a bit. Against that backdrop our domestic card business continues to gain momentum, we're booking double-digit purchase volume growth, we're seeing traction in digital and product innovation and our investments in marketing are driving strong growth in new accounts. Slide 10 summarizes fourth quarter results for our consumer banking business which delivered 17% year-over-year increase in pre-tax income in the fourth quarter. Both ending loans and average loans decrease about 21% compared to the prior year quarter driven by the home loans portfolio sale earlier in the year. Ending loans in our auto business were up 4% year-over-year. Auto originations declined and loan growth decelerated as competitive intensity in auto increased. Ending deposits in the consumer bank were up 7% versus the prior year with a 41 basis points increase in average deposit interest rate compared to the fourth quarter of 2017. Our strongest deposit growth is in Capital One 360 Money Market accounts powered by our national banking growth strategy. Rising interest rates, increasing competition and changing product mix have put upward pressure on deposit rates. Looking ahead, we expect further increases in average deposit interest rate as product mix shift continues. We expect increasing competition for deposits will also put upward pressure on deposit rates. Consumer banking revenue increased about 2% from the fourth quarter of last year. Growth in auto loans and retail deposits was partially offset by the revenue reduction from the home loans portfolio sale. Non-interest expense was flat compared to the prior year quarter. Provision for credit losses was down from the fourth quarter of 2017 primarily as a result of strong credit performance in our auto business. The auto charge offs rate improved compared to the prior year quarter and we had a modest allowance build that was smaller than the build in the fourth quarter of 2017. Better than expected auction values continue to support strong auto credit. Over the longer term, we continue to expect that the auto charge off rate will increase gradually as the cycle plays out. Moving to Slide 11, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. In the fourth quarter pre-tax income was up 12% year-over-year. Fourth quarter ending loan balances were up 9% year-over-year that overstates the underlying growth rate as the timing of pay downs impacted the growth in ending loans. Recalled it last year, we experienced an unusually high level of pay downs just before the year end. The absence of this effect at the end of 2018 moves to the year-over-year growth rate calculation. Average loans are a better indicator of commercial bank growth trajectory. Growth in average loans was 4% year-over-year. Linked quarter growth was more modest with both ending loans and average loans up about 2%. Commercial bank ending deposits were down 13% from the prior year. Commercial deposit customers continue to rotate out of deposits and into higher yielding investments in the rising interest rate environment. Fourth quarter revenue was down 9% year-over-year primarily driven by the effect of the lower tax rate on tax equivalent yield. Non-interest expense was essentially flat compared to the prior year quarter. Provision for credit losses was significantly lower compared to the fourth quarter of 2017 driven by lower charge offs. The charge off rate for the quarter was 0.1%. The Commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 2.6%. The criticized nonperforming loan rate was 0.4%. While the credit performance of our commercial banking business remains strong increasing competition from non-banks continues to drive less favorable lending terms in the marketplace. We're keeping a watchful eye on market conditions and staying disciplined in our underwriting and origination choices. In the fourth quarter Capital One posted solid results as we invest to grow and drive our digital transformation. For full year 2018, we delivered 41% growth in earnings per share net of adjustments. Our domestic card business continues to gain momentum. Growth in new account originations and purchase volumes is very strong. Profitability for the full year is at record levels and we reach an agreement to acquire the Walmart co-branded and private label card portfolio at an attractive price and terms. Our national banking strategy continues to gain traction. And our commercial business continues to deliver solid results. We continue to drive for operating efficiency as we transform our technology infrastructure and change the way we work. Full year operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments was 45.2% for 2018. From here we expect full year operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments to improve modestly in 2019 excluding the one-time Walmart launch and integration expenses. While efficiency ratio can vary in any given year, over the long-term we believe we will be able to achieve continued gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Pulling up, we continue to build an enduringly great franchise with the scale, brand capabilities and infrastructure to succeed as the digital revolution transforms our industry and our society. Our digital and technology transformation is accelerating and it's powering our ability to grow new customer relationships and deepen engagement with new and existing customers. We are well positioned to succeed in a rapidly changing marketplace and create long-term shareholder value. And now Scott and I would be happy to answer your questions. Jeff Norris Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A
Operator: [Operator Instructions] and our first question tonight comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Couple questions on Walmart. I was wondering Scott if you could talk about the impact to the Rev margin I heard your comments on the allowance and then, can you help us better understand $100 million allowance build on $9 billion of loans. Did you buy the loans below par and is there a mark that's unusually high percent? I understand there's also a sharing and that all makes sense. Just trying to drill down a little bit more on that.
Scott Blackley: Yes, thanks Don. Let me just kind of walk through a couple of those questions. So first of all in terms of the allowance build I'll start there. The allowance build is really reflective of the loss share. I'm not going to give you any specifics about the price that we paid in those terms other than to tell you that, we would expect that in the portfolio acquisition accounting that we have to do, that we'll have a minimal amount of intangibles or premiums or discounts and that's going to translate to, no impact on future earnings there. When shifting to your other questions on revenue margin. You're right that because of the revenue sharing that we have and the fact that we're only going to record the portfolio of the revenue that is attributable to Capital One that will have an impact on revenue margin as we get closer to that transaction we'll give you more details about the impacts of both margin and on our loss rate.
Don Fandetti: Okay and then just to follow-up Scott. It sounds like you're going to make some strategic hires around those portfolio. This is a pretty large transaction I mean do you have critical mass, like is there execution risk for such a large transaction and are you comfortable with that risk.
Scott Blackley: Yes, Don we've been planning for that. We are a card company. This is right in the sweet spot of what we do, so this is really bringing on people into the organization to make sure that we're ready to both integrate the acquired portfolio and also launch the new partnership, so we'll work on that. It's a business that we know well, so while this is a significant undertaking for us to ramp up and get ready. I'm confident that we'll be able to manage that risk.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just a couple of questions. The first is, some of the non-interest income lines looked a little bit different than maybe the consensus was expecting. Not so much interchanged but some of the fee lines, was there anything unusual in this quarter's that occurred in with respect to fee income?
Scott Blackley: Yes just a couple of things. So in fee income one, part of the UK PPI is actually a reversal of income that runs through that service charge line item and so that was a component of the quarter-over-quarter decrease. The other components of that are really just a bunch of small individual puts and takes that all kind of went one direction and so I don't think, really are things that you should be concerned about impacting the run rate.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. Thank you. And then just on the auto credit performance and obviously Rich, I just heard your commentary about that. But with respect to the sequential change which showed a bit of deterioration in delinquencies and such, is there anything occurring there beyond the typical seasonal trend that we should be aware of?
Rich Fairbank: No, we don't see anything that would be outside of the norm. I do want to point out, if you look back. You'll see that changes in delinquency rates in the auto business have not been that strongly correlated to changes in credit performance and delinquencies can change for a number of reasons not directly tied to a customer's ability to pay. Such as late fees, call intensities, other servicing strategies just a bunch of things that go on. I will point out though, that the - as we look at the auto industry the ratio of delinquency rates to charge offs has kind of risen overtime and it's just something that we should all keep an eye on and I don't think there is any unusual effect at Capital One, but as we - it's just something that we should all I think keep an eye on, along with things like auction prices which is probably at the top of our list of the factor that has been such a good guy for such a long period of time but of course at some point could go the other way.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Bruce: My first question, I'll start with marketing. You called out that you're going to increase spending significantly in the fourth quarter and you did. I guess when we look at the significant year-over-year investment could you maybe elaborate as to what you're expecting to get for that increase in marketing, is this purely accounts or would you expect the transaction volume to increase from where it is currently?
Rich Fairbank: So in marketing, first of all let me just kind of pull way up, marketing rose a lot $327 million quarter-over-quarter which is higher than typical seasonal increases as we continue to see strong opportunities for card originations, we launched a new card product and we rolled out our National Bank marketing. So one thing let me just, let me turn to the bank because I know your question is a card one, but part of the marketing number is on the bank side, so let me just start there. Every bank needs to figure out how to fund their company as they grow many kind of if you pull way back to it via acquisitions, as you know ours is an organic strategy that capitalizes on our strength and we've heard for years kind of been taking our two banks that we have one direct bank and one local bank and basically building one integrated bank which is integration across technology, product, the customer experience. There is a lot that goes into that and we've sort of spent years doing it. So what's noteworthy about this year and a milestone for us is, that we reached the stage of sort of integration of these businesses that we're able to launch national marketing of our very digitally leaning bank and so that's and that's a strategy that we will continue at Capital One. It just happened to be launched in the latter part of this year. Now a significant part of the increase in marketing was on the card side and we on the card side, if you - think a little bit about spenders and revolvers, on the spender side and of course quite a bit of our marketing is directly oriented at heavy spenders. We have for years been building a heavy spend business that it's all about good products, the customer experience and brand and we have seen increasing traction in that business and the ability to originate very compelling accounts that have wonderful enduring, long-term low risk annuities. And so we see a lot of traction there and we capitalize on this window that we see with respect to that business and you can see the purchase volume growth, the interchanged growth and noteworthy. This is achieved at stable margin and in that part of that business all at the same time, we're having rising returns. So that is very much happening just as we speak. The sort of delayed gratification part of the conversation is more on the revolver side, where again how the economics of that business works it's really driven by balances. Balances are driven by the choice on credit line. We see a very good opportunity and great traction in terms of originating accounts, but we continue to be cautious at this part of the cycle with respect to the extension of credit line and so in that sense it is little bit more about building option value. But the thing I want to stress, the way to build long-term growth in a business like this is, you got to do with accounts one can't just endlessly give credit line increases to one's own customers and so this phase for us is very much on the revolver side about building accounts and we're storing up some value, some option value relative to loan growth as the opportunity presents itself. But the key thing is, the accounts don't wait for us, so we want to capitalize on that when we can, while it's not. I don't want to overstate the point, that in a sense the credit opportunity is something where we can more chose the timing and so pulling way up, as I kind I've been indicating in the last couple of quarters we see a very nice opportunity in the card business and we wanted to step in and capitalize on that.
Ken Bruce: Okay well understand. Thanks for the detail on that. Just a clarifying point, in terms of the $9 billion that you're acquiring from Walmart and congratulations on getting that signed. Is that going to be the entire existing portfolio or is that - just run off somewhere where I think it was close to $10 billion last [indiscernible] reported on it, so are there current carve outs or is that the whole thing and you're just going to deal with the pricing and the loan loss sharing just in terms of dealing with the poor performers.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Ken that represents our estimate of the accounts that are still going to be in place when we get to the purchase date out at the end of Q3, early Q4 of next year and I would expect as we do a normal acquisitions that we would acquire current accounts as well as then delinquent accounts.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Can you hear me?
Rich Fairbank: Yes.
Betsy Graseck: Couple of questions. Just one on the Walmart portfolio how do you think about managing that book from here and is there anything you can share with us with regard to expectations for growth or credit quality or cross sell if you could give us a sense as to what your plans are for that going forward? Thank you.
Rich Fairbank: Betsy, I don't think we have any unique things to say about how we would grow that book. The key thing about a partnership like this is to have a successful program we're going to need attractive products that both organization work hard to market effectively, a great customer experience and really great underwriting and we have a spent a lot of time with Walmart sort of thinking about how we can leverage their amazing size, and scale, and leadership and access to customers along with our position as a technology leader within the financial services marketplace and our underwriting and some of the combined marketing skills that we both have. So but right now that's kind of more on the drawing board and we're excited about the opportunity but a lot of it will boil down to execution.
Betsy Graseck: Okay and then just to follow up, it has to do with. Just expenses in run rate business. I'm wondering if you could comment a little bit around professional fees. It looked like that might have been up a little bit in the quarter and maybe you could give us some census to whether or not that's something that's likely to persist here or was there some unique activity in 4Q that drove that off.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Betsy. Let me walk through that so, if you look at total non-interest expense that was up, as I talked about my talking points on a year-over-year basis principally driven by marketing. If I exclude marketing and just get to operating expenses there we saw a pretty modest increase of about 1% year-over-year, on a linked quarter basis. The thing to remember is that, last quarter in Q3 we had $170 million legal build so if I backed that out of Q3 I had about $200 million increase in operating expenses. Now let me break out kind of how that happened. About $110 million as I mentioned in my talking points where one-time expenses that were related either to a contract renegotiation or UK PPI and then the remainder is normal seasonal ramp that we see this time of year as we do things like engage professional service providers to help us prepare for CCAR real personal example, but also to do other things in the business. That's kind of a normal season's pattern for us. So once you take out those one-time things, I think that gets you to what you would normally expect to see in Q4.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Just want to follow-up on the Walmart questions. I guess when we think about EPS growth next year, how should we think about one, obviously investments you have to make with Walmart, do we exclude those for the purposes of thinking of EPS growth and then secondly, is the marketing expense run rate given you guys had a pretty elevated run rate today and then, maybe also just on capital return. Scott you mentioned you guys can return a decent amount of capital I just want to understand the capital required for the portfolio acquisition. Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Yes, why don't I start in terms of the capital and then I'll turn it back over to Rich. So on the capital the acquisition of the acquired portfolio is going to cost us roughly 30 basis points of capital and because we've already completed our CCAR authorization for 2018 over the next several quarters we're already 11.2% [ph] finishing 2018. For the next two quarters we don't have an opportunity to do any capital distributions beyond our normal dividend. So we're likely to accrete capital that puts us in an excellent position to fund that the acquisition of portfolio what the existing capital and then, be ready to adopt CECL at the end of the year, so that's a little bit of the capital trajectory and as I think about the opportunity for capital distribution as I mentioned we're starting at 11.2% [ph] we're going to be accreting. I think we've got their earnings capacity to absorb the organic growth that we see fund the Walmart transaction, get ready for CECL and still have the potential for a meaningful capital distribution.
Sanjay Sakhrani: And then on the EPS growth.
Scott Blackley: Rich, do you want to jump into the other questions?
Rich Fairbank: Well, sorry so on marketing, was that a Walmart marketing question or overall?
Sanjay Sakhrani: Overall. How we used to think about EPS growth, you guys obviously had a great year this year, but how should we think about forward.
Rich Fairbank: So on the marketing side, we will - I think most importantly the levels of future marketing are going to be based on the opportunities that we see in the marketplace. The bank marketing I referred to that's going to be less opportunistic one quarter to the next, that's just more of the way that we're going to build our really fund the company and build our national banking business. But so we're going to continue to invest in marketing and brand but it will still be a call to see the opportunity in the marketplace when we get there. So I think we continue to be very bullish about the opportunity at Capital One in creating value this year was a very strong year of earnings growth, we're not giving specific EPS guidance next year, but I think we continue to be very bullish about the business and the opportunity that is growing and the - as we look down the road, the opportunity to overtime get the benefits to the Walmart portfolio where you can see that it's really in the third year from now, where we really get up to the full run rate of that, the benefits as we get there of getting to some very key milestones on the tech transformation side, so these are all things that you know align our future. And for well both of those specifically there are certain investments that are going on right now in pursuit of that, but I think the opportunity that we see down the road is very attractive particularly.
Scott Blackley: And Sanjay just to come back to your questions on the one-time cost that we talked about Walmart. I certainly believe that those were costs that aren't indicative of the run rate of the business and the company's ability to deliver efficiency that's the reason that we've called those out and that will continue to isolate those for you next year.
Jeff Norris: Next question please. And we'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Can you give us any sense as to the assumption for revenue growth and the target for an efficiency ratio that is kind of shows modest improvement I guess given the very, very significant amounts that you had in this second half of 2018 and how that would be reflective, if you had somewhat worse revenue performance and I do have a follow-up.
Rich Fairbank: Moshe, we don't have a specific disclosure about revenue growth. I've kind of I think laid out some of the elements that are creating an opportunity particularly for revenue growth overtime obviously the stored value with respect to for to the very strong account originations right now and the stepwise good guy that's going to come from Walmart those are particularly two revenue pieces that are been in the delayed gratification category.
Moshe Orenbuch: So it would generally be I guess it will be nice to see a little more matching of that, a little more matching of that spending with that, with the returns from that. But I guess to maybe from a philosophical standpoint when you think about the Walmart portfolio are their objectives and yours primarily to provide credit to those customers, is it a transaction vehicle for online spending? Is it a co-brand type of arrangement? Like how do you think about the way you're going to be executing on that program in terms of the front book and the new accounts you're soliciting.
Rich Fairbank: Moshe that's a very good question. Right now the Walmart portfolio is one that is pretty revolver oriented. It's got high credit losses and I think that we and Walmart have aspiration to build a pretty different business. In the first word, I would put out there is the word digital. So to have this partnership be right at the vortex of the growth opportunity that Walmart is putting at the top of their entire strategic priority transforming themselves not only technologically but particularly to be a really big player, in the online retailing space and the partnership is certainly, we have that at the top of the list on this. So technology is going to be incredibly important driving digital activation and activity and there's I think quite a bit of market aspiration and if you look actually at Walmart's customer base there is a lot of that market - people there and a lot of opportunity. Now the key is to turn that opportunity into real digital buying power and that's what Walmart is focused on and I think we're going to be there to help on that, along in the way credit is also a very important thing obviously and I think that our experience from the very top pretty much across the credit spectrum I think is one thing that was in appeal on the Walmart side for having us as a partner, but that will be very critical part of that as well, but it is certainly our hope to pivot the sort of center of gravity of this partnership and expand the opportunity and move it more up market.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Buckingham Research Group.
Chris Brendler: Another question in the card business, but not about Walmart. I understand there's a lot of good signs and then results of this evening with the strong purchase volume growth and making sense your optimism about the account growth, but I thought we're going to see a little better loan growth as we head into fourth quarter and [indiscernible] stuck at 2% doesn't feel like a Capital One type number because given although you're reporting to marketing what feels to be a good spot competitively, it can be outside perspective. So how do you feel about loan growth and maybe just your conservatism online granting at this point, as you're holding that back and also does the fact the CARD Act made it difficult to change rates on the fly sort of limiting your ability to extend balance growth at the point. Thanks.
Rich Fairbank: Chris, sorry. What was your CARD Act question one more time?
Chris Brendler: Just the fact that you can't change rates, [indiscernible] delinquents the protection we had last recession where you could raise rates across the board and maybe that's sort of limiting your ability to get a little more aggressive online granting just given we're around the cycle.
Rich Fairbank: Let me go back to start with Moshe's very hard felt [indiscernible]. It would be nice to see more matching of spending and return way. Isn't that the, that would be my wish for this business and in fact over the years the matching has become even more not align as with FAS 166/167 the mass of allowance builds, growth mass a lot of things in this business get pretty disaligned now a lot of it is inherent in the actual mechanics of how accounting and the business works. This particular alignment we're talking about here is, now some of it is inherent in the sense that whenever one spends a lot of money on marketing to generate accounts, accounts don't make any money. So the only things that bring instant revenue are going to create that alignment and things like big balance transfers. It's really basically things that bring a lot of balances in, that's what creates that alignment. One of things we've done overtime it's funny I haven't dusted off this phrase for a couple of years now, but you will remember Chris for years we were saying, we were running down high balance revolvers and we've continued to, now we're more in equilibrium with respect to that, but there are a lot of things that in the good times make a lot of money and I put high balance revolvers at the top, number one on that list. The issue is the resilience of that particular segment. So we just ask because of who we are at Capital One we've focused tremendously on resilience and we over the years have really driven down the proportion of our book that's high balance revolvers, now the - and to the specific issue today it's a pretty much $0.01 answer as to why the account growth and the loan growth are not connected and that is our choice on credit line. And while the CARD Act makes probably the stakes, not probably the CARD Act makes the stakes even higher to make sure that one's underwriting decisions are right the first time. We believe, we spend a lot of our energy looking at the competitive marketplace, looking at the credit cycle and then trying to make our choices accordingly and a lot of times we zig, while others zag and it's not an accident, it's actually a causal relationship because a lot of where opportunity lies and where risk exists is the flipside of what competitors are doing. So on this particular case and I really want to stress, we're capitalizing on the opportunities the marketplace presents and the success that we're seeing in our individual programs in the card business, to lean into that and capitalize on the growth opportunity. While our credit numbers are great and you can see the same numbers that we see, we're deep into the credit cycle and nobody knows when this thing is going to turn, but we believe that the prudent thing to do is have our foot on the gas of account originations and our foot a little bit on the break with respect to credit line extension. But it just turns out that method of driving if you will creates a really asymmetrical timing in numbers and cause a bunch of people to scratch their heads and wonder what we're doing, all I can say is that's probably a manifestation of the way we think and way we have thought over all these years. This particular disconnect of break and accelerator is among the highest examples of that, that I can remember in our history.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Shane with JP Morgan.
Rich Shane: I just want to circle back on marketing. It was running for the first three quarters of the year up 11% or 12%. Fourth quarter it was up 80% year-over-year. I'm just curios if you can help us with some sort of guidance and what the cadence should be through 2019 and just as my follow-up, how quickly do you dial this up and dial this back?
Rich Fairbank: So there's three different things that were going on that all came together in this particular quarter. There are really four things that came together in this kind of record quarter of marketing, one is seasonality that is seasonally very high anyway and we should always keep that in mind. We've talked about the national banking that's more of - that's not going to be an episodic line of scrimmage thing that's more of just, what we're going to do to build the business. On the card side, we also had in the fourth quarter the launch of one of our products. [Technical difficulty].
Jeff Norris: Is the call still active?
Operator: Yes, you're still live.
Jeff Norris: So we need the next question please.
Operator: And we'll move to our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: I had a two part one. First do you guys have a sense for Walmart's commitment to promoting the new Walmart Capital One store card both on its website and in its stores and then secondly, do you think Walmart's commitment to promoting the new credit card is necessary to prevent the pool of applicants from skewing to a higher risk level. The reason I asked is because we've heard that Walmart's philosophy going back to towning has been not to promote credit to its customers and the result over the years was that, those who applied for credit with Walmart tended to be riskier credit seeking customers and I just want to hear your thoughts on those two questions?
Rich Fairbank: Bill, I think you're going to mostly have to find that answer and let me Walmart speak for themselves on that. Let me say though I want to absolutely echo one of the comments that you made. Their commitment is absolutely necessary for this deal to be successful and it was an important consideration for us, as we entertained doing this partnership. So I think we've been impressed with Walmart's intent relative to this thing. This is going to be all about execution and I think third parties are committed to making this thing be very successful.
Bill Carcache: Appreciate that. Thanks for the comments Rich.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: Just looking Q3 to Q4 the yield on the loan book was pretty flat, it had various components of liabilities also modest increase in cost. Number one, is there anything seasonal to think about there. And number two, given those trends and your comments on kind of pressures on deposit costs, what do we think about NIM over the near term next one, two, three quarters.
Scott Blackley: Thanks for the question, John. On net interest margin let me just kind of walk through some things that I think you might want to think about, so one just to remind you that NIM does tend to very seasonally and you'll see that quarter-to-quarter factors like seasonality and day count can make NIM up and down across each of those quarters. Looking forward we do think that, we've talked about deposits cost is being one aspect that could up, pressure on NIM and be a headwind. There's always puts and takes though in net interest margin, balance sheet mix is always a factor depending on the pace of growth of the different asset classes that can actually be a tailwind for NIM. And I would say just in terms of rates as we've told folks for a while now we are fairly neutral to implied forwards. So I don't expect that there is much risk that would benefit for us in terms of where rates can go from here and then finally I would just say like most banks a steeper yield curve would be favorable for the net interest margin, that fit gives you a little bit of the sense of where I could see that going.
Jeff Norris: Next question please. I'm sorry John, did you had a follow-up?
John Hecht: I was going to ask, is there anything specific to call out in Q4? You did mention some seasonal factors but was there anything in Q4 specifically?
Scott Blackley: No.
John Hecht: Got it. Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Regarding the loss share on new originations. I know you mentioned different terms than the loss share that you agreed upon on the back book. How should we think about the assumed loss experience on new originations and how that should impact your what shows up on your, hits your P&L? Could that loss ratio come in above 4.5% level where you're operating at legacy Capital One or and could it near the 10% back book for legacy Walmart? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: So, well first of all we we're hopeful of being able to generate a book overall with credit losses that are in a different place than where the current book is. But because of the loss share whatever that loss number is, our loss number that we will experience will be fair amount lower than that because of the loss share so I think the overall front book and back book the overall Walmart portfolio is going to be very likely to be a positive contributor. I mean to the charge off of the company.
John Pancari: Okay and then separately the loss share and revenue share terms, does that, does that last for the life of the acquired loans and as well as the duration of new originations.
Scott Blackley: Yes these loss sharing percentages are for the life of this deal. We have one set of percentages for the back book and the only little wrinkle there is, the revenue share goes up to its destination in the second year and remains there for the life of the agreement, the loss share is throughout the same, is where it is for the whole partnership. On the front book, right out of the blocks we'll have a specific loss share and a specific revenue share that remained for the entirety of the partnership.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2018 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.5 billion or $2.99 per share in the third quarter. We had two adjusting items in the quarter, which are outlined on page 13 of tonight's slide deck. We had a $141 million net gain on the sale of an exited business which was $0.22 per share. We had a build in our legal reserves of $170 million or $0.35 per share related to our ongoing AML investigations from various regulatory and legal enforcement agencies. Part of this build is to pay for $100 million civil monetary penalty, which has been imposed by the OCC as part of the 2015 AML Consent Order. As is often the case, our 2015 order had a placeholder for civil monetary penalties. This fine represents the next step in our resolution of this matter with the OCC. We have made significant progress against the terms of the order. The remainder of the legal reserve build is related to residual AML investigation risk. As other agencies besides the OCC continue to investigate AML issues relating primarily to our former check cashing business, we will provide updates of these investigations in our quarterly filings. These adjusting items were recorded in our other category. Net of these adjusting items, earnings were $3.12 per share. In addition to these adjusting items, we had one notable item in the quarter which was an impairment charge of $200 million or $0.32 per share related to investment portfolio repositioning to optimize capital and capture increased coupon to benefit future earnings. Provision for credit losses were down at 1% on a linked-quarter basis and down 31% year-over-year primarily driven by allowance for leases in our domestic card and auto businesses. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in allowance across our businesses which are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Improving credit results resulted in $144 million allowance release in our domestic card business and a $75 million release in our auto business. We increased our commercial reserves by $33 million in the quarter as we increased our allowance coverage ratio. Lastly, our effective tax rate in the quarter was 21.9%. We now expect our 2018 corporate annual effective tax rate to be around 22% before discrete items. This increase is based on our higher income from gains related to business exits and increases in non-deductible expenses from the legal reserves that I discussed earlier. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin increased 35 basis points on a linked quarter basis, primarily driven by seasonality, day count, and the absence of the non-recurring items that we experienced in the second quarter of 2018. Net interest margin decreased 7 basis points year-over-year, primarily driven by increasing deposit costs. We continue to believe that increasing deposit costs will be a headwind in NIM going forward. Turning to Slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 11.2%. In the third quarter, we purchased approximately 5.8 million common shares, where $570 million of our $1.2 billion 2018 CCAR share repurchase authorization. We continue to view our capital need based on existing regulations to be around 11% of CET1. We believe we have sufficient earnings power to support growth and capital distribution. And as I mentioned last quarter, how the capital frameworks and CCAR ultimately incorporate the effects of CECL as well as the calculation in the CECL itself may impact our view on our capital requirements. And with that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Rich Fairbank: Thanks Scott. I'll begin on Slide 8 with our credit card business. We posted strong year-over-year strong in pretax income driven by revenue growth and significant improvement in provision for credit losses. Credit card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our domestic credit card business which is shown on Slide 9. Before turning to third quarter results, I'll briefly discuss our new long-term partnership to be the exclusive issuer of Walmart private label and co-brand credit cards which we announced early in the quarter. Walmart is America's largest retailer and we have a shared vision of how a card partnership can be a central part of a winning retail and e-commerce strategy. There is great leverage from payments innovation, digital capabilities, data and analytics to deepen relationships, drive digital adoption, and create exceptional customer experience. In addition to our agreement to be Walmart's new partner, we're also in the process of discussing the potential acquisition of the existing portfolio of Walmart credit card receivables. As you'd expect there will be a range of potential outcomes until this process runs its course. For now, all of our guidance and forward-looking statements exclude the potential impact of Walmart. Pulling up, we like the economics of the deal and we believe that our relationship with Walmart will generate significant value for years to come. In the third quarter, domestic card ending loan balances were up $1.6 billion or about 2% compared to the third quarter of last year. Average loans grew about 7%, the Cabela's portfolio acquisition which was completed just before the end of the third quarter of 2017 drove the larger increase in average loans. Third quarter purchase volume increased 16% from the prior -year quarter. Excluding Cabela's, purchase volume growth was about 10%. Revenue increased 5% from the prior year quarter. Growth in average loans was partially offset by a decline in revenue margin. Revenue margin was 16.3%, down 42 basis points from the third quarter of 2017. The expected margin pressure from adding the Cabela's portfolio was partially offset by favorable margin impacts from strong credit. Non-interest expense was up about 8% compared to the prior year quarter largely as a result of higher marketing. Improving credit trends continued to be a significant driver of domestic card results in the third quarter. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 4.35%, down 29 basis points year-over-year. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.80%, down 14 basis points from the prior year. Credit performance on the loans booked during our growth surge in 2014, 2015, and 2016 is improving year-over-year and is driving most of the year-over-year improvement in the overall domestic card charge off rate, that's why I've said that growth math has turned into a good guy. Pulling up, the competitive marketplace remains intense but generally rational. Supply of card credit is on the high side although it continues to settle out a bit. Against that backdrop, our domestic card business continues to gain momentum. We're booking double-digit purchase volume growth. We're seeing traction in our innovation pipeline. Our investments in marketing are driving strong growth in new account originations and improving credit continues to drive strong income and returns. Slide 10 summarizes third quarter results for our consumer banking business both ending loans and average loans decreased about 21% compared to the prior year quarter driven by the home loans portfolio sale in the second quarter. The auto business continues to grow with ending loans up 6% year-over-year. Competitive intensity in auto continues to increase but we still see attractive opportunities to grow. Ending deposits in the consumer bank were up 6% versus the prior year with a 38 basis point increase in average deposit interest rate compared to the third quarter of 2017. We expect further increases in average deposit interest rates driven by higher interest rates and increasing competition for deposits as well as changing product mix as our national banking growth strategy continues to gain traction. Consumer banking revenue decreased about 3% from the third quarter of last year. The revenue reduction from the home loans portfolio sale was partially offset by growth in auto loans and retail deposits. Non-interest expense decreased 7% from the prior year quarter driven by the exit of the home loans business and lower branch infrastructure costs. Provision for credit losses was down from the third quarter of 2017 primarily as a result of strong credit performance in our auto business. The auto charge off rate improved compared to the prior year quarter and stronger than expected auction value drove an allowance release. Over the longer term, we continue to expect that the auto charge off rate will increase gradually as the cycle plays out. Moving to Slide 11, I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances were up 2% year-over-year and average loans were roughly flat. Both trends were driven by our choice to pull back in several less attractive business segments in the second half of 2017. With many of these choices behind us linked quarter growth was stronger with ending loans up about 2% and average loans up about 3%. Commercial bank ending deposits were down 7% from the prior year. Several commercial deposit customers are rotating out of deposits and into higher yielding investments into rising interest rate environment. Third quarter revenue was down 1% year-over-year driven by the effect of the lower tax rate on tax equivalent yield. Non-interest expense was up 4% from the prior year quarter primarily as the result of technology investments and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses was down 14% from the third quarter of 2017 driven by lower charge-offs. The charge off rate for the quarter was 0.16%. The commercial bank credit sized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.2%. The credit sized non-performing loan rate was 0.4%. While the credit performance of our commercial banking business remains strong increasing competition from non-banks continues to drive less favorable lending terms in the market place. We're keeping a watchful eye on market conditions and staying disciplined in our underwriting and origination choices. In the third quarter Capital One continued to drive solid results as we invest to grow and drive our digital transformation and we saw another quarter of credit improvement across our businesses. Looking ahead, we continue to see good opportunities for account originations in our credit card and auto businesses. As you've seen in the marketplace we launched a new card product and we're rolling out our national banking marketing. As a result, we expect fourth quarter marketing expense to be elevated well above the historical seasonal patterns that we typically see between Q3 and Q4. We continue to work hard to drive operating efficiency as we transform our technology infrastructure and change the way we work. After two years of significant improvement we continue to expect full year 2018 operating efficiency ratio will be roughly flat compared to 2017 net of adjustments, but with the investment portfolio repositioning. Scott discussed at the beginning of tonight's call it will be tight. While the efficiency ratio can vary in any given year, over the long-term we believe we'll be able to achieve gradual and efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. We expect long-term improvements in total efficiency ratio will mostly come from improving operating efficiency ratio. Pulling up we continue to build an enduringly great franchise with the scale, brand, capabilities and infrastructure to succeed as the digital revolution transforms our industry and our society. Our digital and technology transformation is accelerating and is powering our ability to grow new customer relationships and deepen engagement with new and existing customers. We're well positioned to succeed in a rapidly changing marketplace and create long-term shareholder value. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question will come from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Rich, just to clarify on the Walmart portfolio, if you were to get just a fantastic price, are you saying you would buy it meaning that there is nothing structurally that would cause you not to, want to own it, it's more of just economics like any other deals. Is that fair, and I know you can't say a lot about it?
Rich Fairbank: Don, we understand this portfolio for us to agree to buy the back book, it needs to be at a price and at terms attractive to us, which will be determined through the negotiations over the next quarter or two.
Don Fandetti: Got it and then just sort of.
Rich Fairbank: There's nothing beyond that.
Don Fandetti: Got it, and then obviously the multiple in the stock is in the sort of high sevens, low eights, and the market is telling us that the cycle is turning, yet if you just looked at your numbers, it would suggest the opposite. Could you talk a little bit about where you think we are in the cycle and are you preparing for sort of a weaker credit environment?
Rich Fairbank: It's a great question, Don, because in so many ways, one can't help, but we struck by just how good the economy at this point is, and in some ways, it almost feels too good to be true, and so – and that's not a credit card comment. A lot of times on these calls, I'll make comments about the card industry, about card supply, about the consumer. We can talk about those things and, maybe I will in a moment, but you know I think the thing that sort of most catches our attention is, just how many sort of planets have aligned to make this environment so positive right now, but we can't forget the longer term issues out there, the implications of rising interest rates, growing government deficits, trade related issues, and also cumulatively some of the effects that's been going on with consumer indebtedness even though sort of the supply issues out there have gotten a little bit better in recent couple of quarters. So what we are doing is given the sort of dichotomy, we feel about the environment here, we're taking a little bit of a dichotomous strategy. So we feel really good about the growth opportunities in the card business to originates accounts, we've got a lot of successful programs going on as I mentioned on the marketing side where we of course have seasonally high marketing, but and we're doing some rollouts of sort of, new product rollouts, national banking, and so on, but we're leaning into growth opportunities, and what we're doing, the dichotomous compensating thing that we're doing is being even more cautious on credit lines because it's really not the growth of accounts that creates exposure, the exposure comes obviously really by definition by the extension of lines and the build of balances. So, we've been talking caution for really probably two, 2.5 years at this point relative to credit lines, but within the last year or so, we've even kind of further dialed back on initial lines and on some of the line increase things we're doing, not because of anything that we see in our own portfolio but really more out of this just kind of intuitive concern about the marketplace. Our philosophy is, let's continue to build the -- capitalize on the window to generate accounts because if you don't - they're not forever available, you need to capture them in the window, but then be extra careful about the extension of line.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Scott, I wanted to make sure I understood the impairment charges on the investment portfolio on its go forward impacts. I think I heard you say it's going to benefit earnings going forward. Could you elaborate on that, and just I want to make sure it's in the other segment in other, I guess non-interest income, right?
Scott Blackley: Yes, so in terms of the impact, you've got it right, it's in non-interest income and it does impact the other segment. Basically, this was a securities rotation, Sanjay. So in Q3, we identified around $3 billion of agency MBS that was in AFS and had a mark of around $200 million loss that was sitting in AOCI. As you know, that impacts our capital position and it creates a deferred tax asset for us. In Q3, we identified that we had the intent to sell those securities and that caused us to move the mark out of AOCI and into earnings, so that's kind of what happened and why we recognized the $200 million. On a go forward basis in Q4, we've been selling those securities and reinvesting them in current coupon agency MBS. That improves the capital efficiency of those securities, and it is going to increase the yield on that $3 billion by around 200 basis points. So, on a go-forward basis, we would expect to see that improve our net interest margin by just a few basis points. And now, I just also mentioned that during the period that we held those after we put them, we identified this is available for sale. We saw rates move a little bit, and so in Q4, we’ll probably have a bit more of a mark on those before we're able to sell the entire portfolio, so that's kind of the picture there.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay and then second question, Rich. You mentioned that the digital transformation is accelerating and it's helping your growth. Can you provide some specific anecdotes? I guess is Walmart one of them and maybe just how you feel your mode is relative to your peers.
Rich Fairbank: Let's pull way up on the digital transformation. I think this is the most important thing, it's the thing every company needs to be spending more time talking about maybe anything other than just risk management itself given that we're in the banking business. But it is very clear that, banking is going to be totally transformed and everything about how a bank works, as it is experienced from the outside and how it works on the inside, are going to need to change in order to in the end deliver real-time, intelligent, digital customer experiences. So years ago, we declared a bold destination to basically build a technology company that does banking rather than a bank that uses technology and so really starting at the bottom of the technology stack and working up we have been all on this transformation for years and as a lot of work one does on the down deep in the technology stack it's not something investors can see, it's not something the outside world can see. Frankly it feels like that a lot of costs, it can feel like a lot of cost and not necessarily a lot of benefits. But what we're struck by is, everything that we want to accomplish on the technology side, on the - inspect the customers, product - customer experience, product innovation, leveraging machine learning, some international banking aspirations. They all have the same shared path of transformation that they have needed and being really many years now into this transformation we can feel, everywhere we look inside the company this - the benefit is accelerating because each transformation of one thing sort of helped the next. So the question we're often asked is, that's great and everything but how can we see it on the outside and it is - so where does it manifest itself. Walmart is certainly a specific example of that, there are probably a lot of factors that went into why Walmart made the selection that it did, but I certainly believe that the shared transformation journey we reach in our investment in payments and digital capabilities was a very important part of that decision. We also see it in the customer experience that by all the metrics that we look at, Net Promoter Scores, some of the external rankings that you see out there. Our customer experience has been dramatically improving. J.D. Power each year does a ranking of the best mobile banking apps as an example in 2017 Capital One was number one in that ranking, just came out again few weeks ago, Capital One is number one in that ranking again. Now we don't - our company doesn't rise and fall based on some ranking out there but these are sort of manifestation of things. I would direct you to look at things like our CreditWise tool. There are lot of folks out there giving credit scoring, information, CreditWise is a tool that allows customers to really deeply understand and monitor their credit scores and it's really a gateway and will be a growing gateway into whole set of experiences that can help people use credit wisely. If you look at our auto finance business Capital One couple of years ago launched the Auto Navigator product that allows car buyers to independently compare cars, search national inventories, negotiate prices and here's the most unique thing which I think is in fact unique, get pre-approved for financing and this is for basically in a nanosecond for any automobile on any lot in America, now that real-time machine learning driven kind of capability you can't bolt that on this - you can't build on the side of a bank. That product stands on the shoulders of years of technology work that's been involved in attracting world class talent, transforming how software engineering is done, rebuilding our technology infrastructure, transforming our data environment, going to the cloud, transforming how we work and going all in on machine learning. So what happens is, these things any one of these sort of shows up and it's interesting and maybe one looks at it and says, well maybe that's different from another product that's out there. But what I'm struck by Sanjay and I'm not surprised by it because I believe this is really the payoff that will accelerate here, is that going all in on this transformation the benefits one doesn't have to pick one benefit versus another because on the other side of this transformation is the opportunity to be way faster than the market, offer way better product, have way better risk management, along the credit dimensions, fraud, cyber security, that's all shared path, same thing better operating controls in a world where the regulatory requirements and frankly the expectation is on banks to deliver well controlled environment in a complex industry is very, very high. Better economics and all of this in service of the most important thing which is, real-time personalized experience. This is for our customers, not just an app but integrated right into their lives. So that's the journey that we're on the - we see - the manifestation of these benefits on many dimensions but it will show up more as it will pop up in different ways for our investors. But the final thing I want to say is that, is the efficiency benefits that come from this. Now when one embarks on this journey the efficiency benefits are not immediate. Even though one of the most obvious benefits of technology investment is the ability to get more efficient. What's striking though is, it's not like one invests for a couple of years and then suddenly stops investing. We're investing in digital, we will continue to invest in digital. We will always invest in digital until probably one day we'll look around and a 100% of everything that we do is basically digital. But along the way while technology investment has continued to be significant. We see more, the sort of meter of the cost benefits that come from this meter continues to increase and it shows up in, a lot of saving on legacy technology itself and the ability to really change the direction of the cost of the analog channels and operations in the company.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: So Rich, I was hoping we could start with loan growth. Marketing expense was up a lot in the third quarter as you've been flagging and you're guiding to the fact that it's going to be up a lot again in the fourth quarter and I was just wondering, are you seeing the window for growth reopening, I know that you don't set growth targets, but what do you think this means for this increasing up marketing spend will mean for the improvement in loan growth overtime. Thank you.
Rich Fairbank: So I don't see this, this is not a wind the size of sort of the window that we saw in 2014, 2015, 2016 when we had way outsized growth. What we're seeing is just a lot of traction in terms of generating new accounts obviously, you see the purchase volume numbers, but for a lot of reasons probably many of them related to some of the digital innovations that we have done and some of the things happening on the customer side, we're seeing very nice traction in new account origination and so we're leaning into that. We've already talked about the marketing that goes along with some of these growth initiatives. So the only thing I again want to stress is that, the loan growth is going to be more of a function of what we about credit lines. It's not entirely I mean because that we originate has a credit line on it. And so I don't want to overstate this point, but how we dial the knob of credit lines which will be primarily driven by how we feel, from a line of scrimmage call point of view about the card market place and the economy, that will be the biggest driver of the loan growth. What we're excited about is the ability to generate a lot of accounts, they represent sort of stored opportunity that can be harnessed when we open up those lines at a later point.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then Scott, you highlighted $170 million reserve build for $100 million the fine for the OCC related to AML. Can you maybe just remind us where you are with the remediation and what additional investments will need to be made to inevitably get out of the consent orders? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Ryan, so on the Consent Order we've been working on that since 2015. I think we've made substantial progress. I think the bulk of the work that we needed to do has been accomplished and so I don't think that we have a large cost headwind in front of us and we're hopeful to see that thing gets resolved here sooner than later.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Rich, I wanted to follow-up on one of the points you made earlier. On one hand, it seems from the outside looking in, like we're at a pointless cycle where your underwriting standards are leading your growth in auto and card to continue to gradually slow, as we've been seeing for like the last 16 to 18 months in both card and auto. But you talked about leaning into growth opportunities which seems a little bit inconsistent with what we see in the data and so I was just hoping that you could help us reconcile the difference between what appears to be showing up in the data versus the point you made about leaning into the growth and then maybe give us a sense of whether we can expect to see a stabilization in growth at some point.
Rich Fairbank: Sorry, what are you pointing at in particular that says everything would indicate the other direction? Can you just?
Bill Carcache: No, I'm sorry. I was just pointing out, if we look at the year-over-year growth in card and the year-over-year growth in auto, that year-over-year growth is, it's still positive. It's just been decelerating from the peak of you know 16 to 18 months ago. So just wondering if you could comment on that versus [indiscernible] point about leaning into the growth.
Rich Fairbank: So let me talk about card and auto because they're slightly different stories. Let me start with auto. The auto industry over the last I don't know, probably two years has had anomalous situation where even though we're moving along in the credit cycle, the supply and demand situation kind of changed due to the pull back of one or maybe two significant players in the business. So Capital One really leaned into that growth opportunity and ever since we've been leaning into that, we've said overtime that opportunity will regress back to something more normal, but we like the opportunity but let us all remember that where we are in the cycle, let's remember used car prices have been high for so long, we fear the industry forgot about where they are at some point. The only way it's got to be down on some of that stuff. And so, but a lot of the auto growth has been driven by some positive competitive dynamics in the business, those still exists they're not as big as they used to be and so our growth is slowing but it is still there we've got some technology benefits in that space. I think we still feel good about the opportunity, but it's not nothing that would jump be a some big change from the trajectory that we're on. On the card side, the card industry I've been struck by the stability in the card industry kind of let me just back and sort of describe things that have gone on. I think there was a significant window for growth few years ago, we capitalized on that. Everybody in the industry saw us, supply shooting up, we saw some of the - in the second quarter of 2016 vintage curves across the whole industry starting gapping out and we and a number of other players, all identified this and it was a bit of shot across the bow [ph] to the card industry that don't get to ahead of yourself and I think the industry took the caution to heart little bit. In the meantime the very competitive marketplace, the pursuit of heavy spenders, all the rewards, products, intensity and all of that kind of reached the peak a couple of years ago and it's kind of settled out. so what I see is, a stable and a very competitive but stable [audio gap] and I think relative to what I've seen in 20 some years of having this company a relatively smart industry if you will about the choices they're making such that the card industry continues to offer growth opportunities, not incredibly big growth opportunities but it offers growth opportunities for a number of players in the business who are pursuing their individual strategies. The point I was making is, the particular strategies that we're pursuing, the particular opportunities that we see in the card business are something that we're leaning into, but it's more about account origination and you should not expect that to lead to some big outsized growth of loans because we're simultaneously pulling back out of an abundance of caution on the credit line side. So it's sort of inside Capital One it feels like we're really leaning into a growth opportunity, for you as investors it probably won't feel as much like that, but that sort of gives you some color on how could I simultaneously sit here in these earnings calls and being saying wow, I see the marketplace got some pretty good opportunities, we're leaning into the growth and then we're posting some numbers that are kind of the low end of the league tables of industry growth. So I think that's the context. Thank you.
Bill Carcache: That's super helpful. Rich. Thank you, if I may as a follow-up. Could you just quickly just elaborate on the competition that you're seeing from non-banks that you mentioned earlier and that's it. Thank you.
Rich Fairbank: You're talking about on the commercial side.
Bill Carcache: Yes.
Rich Fairbank: So I kind of go back to, I start with a little bit of - this is a way oversimplified thing, but if you go back and look at recessions there might be, a lot of truth to this particular oversimplified little maxim, which says after a big recession happens look at which things did the best and be highly sceptical about their performance in the next recession and maybe the inverse is true for those. So what I was struck by in the last recession how well C&I lending did for example in general and then we looked and within the banking space, we looked at for so many banks out of the thousands of banks that are out there, they continue to lose the opportunity to generate consumer side of the business, generate growth there because it is so scale driven and so much of the business is being taken over by a few national players and so, so many banks have been painted into a little bit to a corner of limited asset growth opportunities but certainly seeing good opportunities on the C&I side and so that's kind of I've always felt that - put that in your little cautionary thing. Additionally what we've seen of course now with the US economy and the years of aggressive monetary policy and accompanying low interest rates, low inflation. Investors have been pushed out on the risk curve to seek higher returns. And this has caused as you know a wide range of assets from equities to credit securities to rise in price. And as these assets prices have continued to rise and yields have continued to fall, we just see investors still searching for other ways to continue generating returns. Sponsors are paying higher multiples for companies, they're using more debt to finance them. It's striking and I looked through the chart the other day that just said the percent of deals that involve weakened assumptions if you will, sort of in the marketplace. There's more aggressive assumptions being used, so even when people are looking at things like EBITDA. The way the EBITDA assumptions are being made, there is weakness all around the edges there. Non-banks unhampered by regulation are accepting more aggressive structures in an attempt to provide their investors return. And this just increase competition has its way of sort of virally spreading out in the marketplace and that has caused lenders to accept lower yields and to give on terms. Now as a general observation on banks, I think banks have been the pillar of strength and generally of trying to stay very disciplined. But I don't think you can put a wall around these different parts of the marketplace and so we see things on the banking side that would be in the same direction if not the magnitude. So what are we doing about this, so one thing we're watching and obsessing about it, but we like pretty much every other bank that we heard on the call, they're calling for the need to stay disciplined in this case specifically what we've done is, to identify the sectors that are particularly vulnerable to these kinds of trends or have structural reasons that maybe less resilient and we have reduced exposure in those sectors and the fact if you look at last number of quarters probably in the last six quarters, maybe Capital One's loan growth has been pretty [indiscernible] on the commercial side which is really a lot of that been driven by the dialing back and reducing exposures in all of the areas that we identify as having a concern. So I think as a cross calibration across all the market places that we serve at Capital One. I think the C&I, the commercial lending marketplace particularly on the C&I side is probably one that looks further along in the economic cycle, more subject to the classic ways that lenders talk themselves into you know it's going to be okay, but when I calibrate I feel quite a bit better about the lending conditions that are going on the consumer side.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Just a couple of follow ups. First Rich, just going back to Walmart for a moment, my understanding was that historically buying non-prime assets was very anathema [ph] to Capital One. So I guess I'm wondering what about this particular portfolio or perhaps the relationship with Walmart itself makes it more compelling to do so.
Rich Fairbank: Well we don't view this deal when we talk about this deal, we don't call it this is a portfolio, this is a whole conversation about a portfolio acquisition. This is a conversation about a partnership with a company that has an unbelievable franchise and is all in on really one of the on an extraordinary transformation in an industry that is having an extraordinary revolution in it, that parenthetically all of us in banking should go to school on; on how that industry is evolving. So we start with Walmart themselves as a partner and the benefits of that relationship. A company with a very strong franchise. They're motivated for the right reason about their card program we've seen a lot of partnership deals out there, where the big objective function is, how can the retailer just maximize profits from the credit card. So Walmart is so focused on leveraging this to build and grow their franchise and drive their digital transformation and finally and the partnership agreement really aligns out economic and strategic interest and that's really important to us because we've seen a lot of things out there, where it might be nice to go sign a contract. But the two parties have very different objective functions just by virtue of the way the contract is structured and we've been vocal about that, as we've gone around in the industry in terms of what we talk about that we want and we think it's best for the partner. So that leaves us then back to the back book or the existing portfolio. When you look at partnership deals with a couple of exceptions in the industry it is typically the case that back books follow front books, when a retailer switches issuers. There is obviously a lot of benefits from a customer experience and data perspective, but it's not always the back book follow front books and at Capital One we've had circumstances where we've done a successful front book deal without taking the back book and so now finally to your question. We see the business logic to have the back book come along with the front book have it all end in one partner, there's a lot of business logic. To us, it is a about price and terms and you know I think you're right Eric, you followed us for a lot of years, we've been very kind of vocal about some of the portfolios that are out there for sale in the marketplace. In general there are lot of things that we've passed on and for us to, we will agree to acquire this at pricing terms that are attractive to us and which help us mitigate the issues that we've often been concerned about portfolios out there in the marketplace.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great, thank you for that and then just one quick follow-up on the net interest margin. I was just trying to understand the very significant expansion in NIM with the go forward expectation of compression cause it seems like many of that dynamics that might drive that compression going forward, were also evident in this recent period. So I'm just trying to understand like what's causing this change in cadent.
Scott Blackley: Eric let me just go back and talk about the quarter and what happened with NIM in the quarter. So on a quarter-over-quarter basis, net interest margin increased by 35 basis points which is really driven by three factors. First of all recall that last quarter I called out several items that were impacting the second quarter that we didn't expect would go forward. We had the UK PPI reserve build, we had an excess cash position that we had as a consequence of exiting some of our home loans business and then we had the seasonal impact of card yield and balances being lower as customers typically increase payments after the tax season in the second quarter. So all those things we expected to not recur in the second quarter or in the third quarter and we saw that actually came to fruition. And then the other part that I would say is, is that in the third quarter we had a full quarter of having no home loans portfolio in our loan book and so that brought forward some higher yield and then finally this quarter, we actually had an extra day to earn income, so that was a positive. Now those were all kind of things that moved that drove the performance of the linked quarters positively. I will say that there continue to be a small headwind on a linked quarter basis from deposit cost and that's the one thing that I would expect to continue to a headwind going forward.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Rich, you talked a bit and I know you said not to over rely on it. But talked a little bit about the lower credit lines that you've been offering and can you talk a little bit about how do you balance the risk of kind of adverse selection and how you think about then trying to grow in this environment, is it that more of the growth is going to be in partnerships. I mean, how should we think about it given that focus?
Rich Fairbank: Well Moshe, we are gosh we have many, many years of testing and analysis around that. It's a very sophisticated question, you're asking because a lot of times attempts to mitigate risk can actually cause risk because of the big role of it, as you say selection, be it positive selection or adverse selection plays and ultimately the credit performance. This isn't just an actuarial science that repeats itself all of the time. so we - but there are many positions on the dial on the Moshe and so there initial credit lines but then there's also just the frequency and size of credit line increases and the circumstances under which one granted and I think that we do view there's a quite range over customer relationships in terms of when we sort of monetize the opportunity for greater credit extension, but I don't want to paint a picture of starvation lines that cause people to say that this doesn't have utility to me, these are all within what we see as a sweet spot within the continuum of choices that one can make, there's a sweet spot and we're just dialed down within that sweet spot relative to some other times that we have made choices on the higher end of that sweet spot. The striking thing is, there's just so many balances affected by that choice. For example, this is a thing that you look around the card industry and it's probably true even at the moment, but look at the card industry over the years. So often the greatest loan growth is coming to the companies who in that particular year are dialing up their line increase programs. And so often I think all of us have the mindset that marketing programs are going on and that there must be a one-to-one correspondent marketing programs between marketing programs and accounts being booked and therefore loans. So we're just - this enables us Moshe to lean in and go really go for the growth opportunities we see without feeling we have to hold back so much and to overlay the caution that we feel is pretty prudent at the same time. Does that make sense?
Moshe Orenbuch: Yes, it does and just kind of follow-up on the questions around Walmart. Could you just talk for a moment about the different approaches you might take to both Walmart relationship and the rest of your portfolio depending on whether you do or do not buy the portfolio from Walmart?
Rich Fairbank: Sorry the different approach is, we might take relative to what.
Moshe Orenbuch: Well I mean, obviously it would increase the size of your portfolio 10% or so and - I mean are there any things that you would do differently in terms of your core growth, if you found out you weren't buying that portfolio or if you found out that you were.
Rich Fairbank: Our core growth in one minus Walmart.
Moshe Orenbuch: Yes.
Rich Fairbank: Our core growth. It wouldn't have any impact on the growth elsewhere because I really want to pull up again. We don't have any growth targets at Capital One. We never set growth targets and I think all the folks who are running different parts of our lending businesses are all out there trying to figure out what is the nature of the opportunity they see and the risk that they see and this is why, Capital One so often business-by-business is either at the top of the leading tables or the bottom of the league tables in terms of growth. Within individual parts of business the same thing is true. I mentioned earlier in commercial, I smiled when I looked at the chart of the growth rate of the different segments of commercial that had and they were in red or green based on what direction they were going and they were pretty darn big numbers in both direction just reflecting differing degrees of choices in individual businesses. Walmart won't have any impact on the growth choices that we have elsewhere and whether or not we get the existing portfolio because all across our card business we're leaning into capture all the growth opportunities that we see and we like our opportunities. The only thing about Walmart is, just understand that it's going to be a while before we finally start the Walmart relationship from a new account origination point of view, there's a whole bunch of work that has to be done to get ready for this, to get this thing off the ground and so on. So I think the really powerful opportunity for Walmart is not something that going to be very near term thing, but it's really the opportunity to take not just a pretty big company but a Fortune 1 company of which there are only one of those and really work together to build an opportunity that can really enhance their franchise and accelerate their digital transformation.
Scott Blackley: Moshe, just one other thing that I would mention before we move on there. One of the things that would be impacted, if we didn't move forward in getting the Walmart portfolio would be our capital position and so between now and when we might acquire that, you may see us accreting capital above our 11% capital needs in the event that we weren't in a position to move forward in acquiring that portfolio and as Rich talked about, we may see that go all the way into Q1 of 2019. I think it's unlikely that we would be able to do anything with capital distribution plans until CCAR 2019, so we would end up probably going into that with a higher capital level, than we otherwise would.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Shane with J. P. Morgan.
Rich Shane: When we look at the digital investment and we look at the growth of low loan balance accounts. One conclusion that could be drawn is that you were skewing towards a deliberating this towards a younger demographic. Is that one of the passives what we see going on here?
Rich Fairbank: Rich, I've not looked at data recently to be sure of the answer to that question. I do believe at times when I have looked over the years at our demographic mix relative to others. I have been struck at the younger lean that we have in the business and I believe a number of choices we're making are probably enhancing that, those include the pretty much all of the variations of the things we're doing on the digital side in the card business some of the marketing that we're doing and the challenger marketing probably a little younger leaning some of the marketing stuff that we're doing, the new overlay of the national banking side of this, where as we go out to build a national banking franchise, we're on the checking account side, by definition going to be attracting people that probably aren't going to be highly focused on physical distribution on the branch on the corner. What we have I think, our opportunity on the banking side will be particularly on checking attractive to the lower, the younger demographic. But let me say there's a flipside to this, which is we're offering some, our marketing is also focusing on hey [ph], by the way Capital One has great opportunities in our savings products and unlike a lot of products out there where there's a teaser rate and then suddenly, now you see it, now you don't. We have very strong sustainably good rates and that is particularly attractive frankly to the older demographics. So I think we've got something for everyone hopefully here. And final thing I would say to is, a lot of our emphasis on that travel rewards a lot of the heavy spender focus we've had at Capital One just ends up being going where the real spending is, which tends to be older.
Rich Shane: Okay, so if my hypothesis in part is right, that there is an element of this putting plastic in the walls of like younger demo with the idea that you can build a relationship overtime. And you're offering them low credit limits to that and as you've touched upon turning up the credit limit as a very easy and successful way to accelerate loan growth. What do you think the timeframe to do that is, is it a year or is it five years, when you look at the customer? And again put this in the context of inability to market to college students the way that you could a generation ago.
Rich Fairbank: So I want to make a comment about, my comment about credit limits is no strategy change for Capital One it's nothing new that I'm saying about credit limits. We've had this strategy for 20 years in terms of every year we make a discrete decision about how much we're originating new accounts and a discrete decision about how much we're building the credit lines and how much exposure that we want to have. So I don't want anyone to go try to figure out the “new strategy of Capital One”. It's really more to point out the higher than usual at this very moment, separation between growth metrics of purchase volume and the metrics we see on new account origination versus the loan growth which for the earlier question kind of doesn't look like it's keeping up with the other numbers or my words as we're talking here. I think that Capital One from its founding days has been very focused on creating long-term shareholder value. Everything is in the context of net present value. Everything good I've ever seen has paying first and gained second. In fact, I've learned to almost run from opportunities that I've gained first and paying second because I've learnt that, we as an industry can't control ourselves when that is the case. But from the really founding of the company which took a lot of years, the building of all the long-term data on credit performance from which we would understand how things, where we could extend loans and where we wouldn't, the move to transform the balance sheet of the company out of concern for capital market funding reliance and therefore the deep move in the banking, the digital transformation that we're many years into which I talked about earlier and another one is, the national banking strategy that we're talking about here. What we're focused on doing a building a franchise that will endure and generate tremendous shareholder value overtime and some of things we've been talking about today are just examples of that.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our final question this evening comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, so just a couple of follow ups here. One, I just wanted to understand Scott when you mentioned that you might be holding onto to a little bit more capital in the event that you would buy the back book. Could you give us a sense as to whether or not that's going to impact 4Q share buybacks or not? And then Rich, I wanted to understand from you what is it about the digital offering that you have that Walmart was so interested in because you did mention about together really delivering a much more enhanced digital experience for Walmart customer? So wanted to understand what you're bringing to the table there and if this is something that could not only make more efficient this relationship but other part of label relationships that you have.
Scott Blackley: Betsy, why don't I start there. I think we have ample earnings power and a starting capital position today, where we're going to be able to support our current $1.2 billion capital plan as well as start to accrete capital for the Walmart transaction should that be something that we end up negotiating a successful agreement to acquire.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thanks. And then Rich on the question regarding the offering that you have on digital side with Walmart.
Rich Fairbank: Yes, I'm reluctant to use the word offering. I think it's really more the capabilities and possibly really the similarity of the journeys between the two. Now I don't want to speak for Walmart, they really need to speak for themselves. I think their initial press release which talked quite a bit about the technology, thing would be a place to look. But I've really my conversation I don't want to speak for them although I'm very impressed by a number of things they're doing and all in their technology journey. I think for card partnerships for so long the card partnership industry has been especially when you talk about retailers because then there is airlines and other things too. If we just talk about retailers I think the car partnerships have a lot of the partnerships have been focused on how can we just get more cards in people's hands, how can we there are a lot of players who make quite a bit of money - retailers who make quite a bit of money on their card partnerships. There are retailers who make most of their money on their card partnerships and in some cases more than their entire retailing business. The digital revolution and the e-commerce revolution and the payments revolution has actually brought credit cards into a more central role in the future of how retailing is going to work because on the - for example in the store the card that is used is just the tail on the dog. In e-commerce sometimes it is the dog. The friction associated with how payments work, how people get customers credentials, into a relationship is a different thing. Then you also another aspect of the digital revolution is the tremendous opportunity to build deep customer relationships through data and of course that again, the credit card is right at the vortex of that hole journey. So it turns out it's really hard to bolt payments and data capabilities and transactional and customer experience capabilities onto an existing legacy retailer or an existing credit card company. To be able to break the friction and open up a much, a very large opportunity in digitally driven commerce, be it either in e-commerce or physical retail requires being well down a path of transformation and when both the retailer is and the credit card company, the ability to be able to create customer experiences together, is something that is really hard to, if one of those two partners is not on that journey and it just, I think in this particular case. I think and I'll speak for myself, Walmart can speak for themselves. I'm thinking I'm struck by the nature of the opportunities when two companies in very different industries are struck by the size of the opportunity and the transformation that's necessary to get there.
Jeff Norris: Well thank you very much everybody for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your interest in Capital One. Remember Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks and have a good night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2018 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.9 billion or $3.71 per share in the second quarter. We had three adjusting items in the quarter, which are outlined on page 13 of tonight’s slide deck. We had a $400 million gain from the previously announced sale of our mortgage portfolio which was recorded in our other category. There was a $49 million build in our UK payment protection insurance customer refund reserve and we had a $15 million charge for restructuring events related to our previously announced business divestitures. Net of these adjusting items, earnings per share were $3.22. In addition to the adjusting items, we had a non-recurring adjustment to a vendor agreement which reduced operating expenses in our card segment by around $75 million in the quarter. Pre-provision GAAP earnings increased 13% on a linked quarter basis and 15% on a year-over-year basis to $3.8 billion. Provision for credit losses decreased 24% on a linked quarter basis and 29% on a year-over-year basis, primarily driven by allowance releases in our Domestic Card and Auto businesses. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in allowance across our businesses, which are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Improving delinquencies and lower charge offs resulted in a $72 million allowance release in our Domestic Card business and a $77 million release in our Auto business. Also the impact of the home loan sale and the transfer of the remaining portfolio to held for sale resulted in allowance decrease of $54 million. We increased our commercial reserves by $41 million in the quarter as we increased our allowance coverage ratio. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 23.1%. Excluding discreet items and the impact of the UK PPI reserve build, the quarterly rate would have been 21.2%. We continue to expect our 2018 corporate annual effective tax rate to be around 20% before discreet items. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin decreased 27 basis points on a linked quarter basis. About half this decrease is seasonality as card customers typically increased payments after tax season, which is only partially offset by having one more day in the quarter. The other half of the linked quarter decrease was largely driven by three factors, the contra revenue portion of the UK PPI reserve build, a temporary increase in our cash balance due to the mortgage portfolio sale and finally the accelerating cost of deposits, which we believe will be a continuing headwind going forward. Turning to Slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 11.1%. We completed our full 2017 CCAR authorization purchasing 800 million or 8.4 million shares of common stock in the quarter. As previously announced, following the Federal Reserve’s non-objection to our 2018 CCAR plan, our Board has authorized repurchase of up to $1.2 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2019. And we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share, which is subject to board approval. Our current view of our capital need remains at around 11% of CET 1. We believe that we have sufficient earnings power to support growth and capital distribution. As I mentioned last quarter, how the capital frameworks ultimately incorporate the effects of CECL may impact our longer term view of capital. With that I’ll turn it over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on Slide 8 with our Credit Card business. We posted strong year-over-year growth in pretax income driven by revenue growth and significant improvements in provision for credit loss. Credit Card segment results and trends are largely driven by the performance of our Domestic Card business, which is shown on Slide 9. In the second quarter Domestic Card ending loan balances were up $7.8 billion or about 8% compared to the second quarter of last year. Average loans also grew about 8%. Second quarter purchase volume increased 17% from the prior year quarter. Revenue for the quarter increased 3% from the prior year. Growth in average loans was partially offset by a decline in revenue margin. Revenue margin for the quarter was 15.9%, down 74 basis points from the second quarter of 2017, largely driven by the expected margin pressure from adding the Cabela’s portfolio. Non-interest expense for the quarter was down about 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Operating expense in the quarter benefited from about $75 million in non-recurring items that Scott discussed. Improving credit trends were a significant driver of second quarter Domestic Card results. The charge off rate for the quarter was 4.72%, down 39 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.32%, down 31 basis points from the prior year. We’re now on the good side of growth math. Credit performance on the loans booked during our growth surge in 2014, 2015 and 2016 has now turned and is improving year-over-year. This improvement is a good guy for overall Domestic Card credit. Pulling up the competitive marketplace remains intense, but generally rational. Supply of card credit is on the high side, although it continues to settle out a bit and our growth initiatives are gaining traction. We see increasing opportunity to grow card loans. Slide 10 summarizes second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. In the quarter we completed the sale of substantially all of our Home Loans portfolio and we summarized selected impacts to segment results in the commentary section on Slide 10. As you can see on Slide 10, ending loans decreased about 22% compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was more than offset by the Home Loans portfolio sale. The Auto business continues to grow with ending loans up 8% year-over-year. Competitive intensity in auto is increasing, but we still see attractive opportunities to grow. Ending deposits were up 4% versus the prior year with a 29 basis point increase in average deposit interest rate compared to the second quarter of 2017. We expect further increases in average deposit interest rate driven by higher market rates and increasing competition for deposits as well as changing product mix as our national banking strategy continues to gain traction. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased about 1% from the second quarter of last year with growth in auto loans and deposit offset by the Home Loans portfolio sale. Non-interest expense for the quarter decreased 9% compared to the prior year quarter driven by the exit of the mortgage business, the benefits of prior branch rationalization and our ongoing efforts to tightly manage cost. Provision for credit losses was down from the second quarter of 2017, primarily as a result of strong credit performance in our Auto business. The Auto charge off rate improved compared to the prior year quarter. Recall that second quarter charge-off rate last year was elevated by changes in how we recognize bankruptcy related charge-offs. Adjusting for these impact, the auto charge-off rate still improved modestly year-over-year in the second quarter. And as Scott discussed favorable credit trends drove an allowance release. Over the longer term we continue to expect that the auto charge-off rate will increase gradually as the cycle plays out. Moving to Slide 11, I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Second quarter ending loan balances were flat year-over-year and average loans decreased 2%. Both trends were driven by our choice to pull back in several less attractive business segments in the second half of 2017. With many of these choices behind us, ending loan balances increased about 3% from the sequential quarter. Ending deposits were down 6% from the prior year driven by increasing price competition. Second quarter revenue was up 1% year-over-year as strong non-interest income in capital markets and agency offset the decline in average loans and the effect of the lower tax rate on tax equivalent yields. Non-interest expense was up 7% primarily as a result of technology investments and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses was $34 million in the quarter down 76% from the second quarter of 2017 driven by lower charge-offs. The charge-off rate for the quarter was essentially zero. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.1%. The criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.3%. In the second quarter Capital One delivered year-over-year growth in loans, deposits, revenues and pre-provision earnings. We tightly managed costs even as we continued to invest to grow and drive and to drive our digital transformation. We saw credit improvement across our businesses and growth math established itself as a good guy for overall Domestic Card credit trends. We continue to see opportunities to book attractive and resilient loans in our card, auto and commercial banking businesses and to grow deposits in our consumer banking business. We continue to expect marketing in 2018 will be higher than 2017 with essentially all of the increase coming in the second half of the year. And we continue to work hard to drive operating efficiency as we transform our technology infrastructure and change the way we work. After two years of significant improvement, we expect 2018 operating efficiency ratio net of adjustments, will be roughly flat compared to 2017. While efficiency ratio can vary in any given year, over the long-term, we continue to believe we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gain. We expect long-term improvements in efficiency ratio will mostly come from improving operating efficiency ratio. Pulling up, we continue to build an enduringly great franchise with the scale, brand, capabilities, and infrastructure to succeed as the digital revolution transforms our industry and our society. Our digital and technology transformation is accelerating and we’re strengthening our position to succeed in a rapidly changing marketplace and create long-term shareholder value. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Bruce: Thank you, good evening. My question really relates to the growth that you see in the US credit card business. You kind of suggested that you’re seeing opportunities to grow again. I’m wondering if that’s in the sense in the prime area and the subprime area, could you give us any sense as to what that product mix will look like going forward obviously you had a shift in the quarter.
Scott Blackley: Right, Ken, first of all let me just comment on the mix shift in the quarter. So our asset mix percent subprime is 32% down 4 percentage points year-over-year. And that’s basically close to our historical portfolio mix of about a third plus or minus. An important part of that reduction is the addition of the Cabela’s portfolio which is kind of a heavily prime oriented portfolio. Also our credit lines have been a little bit lower the last couple of years. So but that is - our strategy remains the same. And so and that’s also as I turn now to your question about where is the growth opportunity, we see the growth opportunity across the spectrum of where we play. So I don’t think there’s any important strategic change here we just I think as you know we always talk about the marketplace and we try to give a calibration of where we see opportunity. And we see the growth picture looking a little bit more positive now that’s partly in the context that Capital One’s growth has been pretty modest over the last year and even the last quarter or two we’ve said as we look out actually we see a more positive picture and I would again say that. So we like what we see in the performance of recent vintages, we see promise in our innovation pipeline and we’ve already said we expect marketing levels to be higher, so I think we see an enhanced growth opportunity over time.
Ken Bruce: Thanks. And just there’s been some speculation about Capital One’s involvement with the Wal-Mart private label card and the co-brand. Can you and I understand you’re not going to comment specifically on any particular transaction but can you lay out for us what would be one of the, what would be a classic retail partnership for Capital One? What makes it work specifically for Capital One?
Richard Fairbank: So as you know the card partnerships business Ken is an [auction] [ph] based business. So in that way that we believe and we said for a long time. We’re not out to go just be the very biggest of course we love to get growth opportunities when they emerge but it’s certainly all about fit and discipline frankly in the context of the auction process. So to your question what do we look for we look for a strong partner fit in a world where a lot of companies out there certainly a lot of retailers and overall companies in America are struggling in the context of the rapidly changing environment we look for a strong partner with strong brands and a cultural alignment and a commitment to the card program, as an avenue for growth. We look for a partner that’s motivated for the right reasons. If you look at the spectrum of card partnerships out there and it’s essentially the partners behind those card partnerships. On one end of a continuum are the partners who view the card program as the central element for building a franchise and deepening customer relationships, the other end of the continuum is partners who sort of view the card program as a profit center, and we have consistently kind of tried to focus on the former side of the spectrum because not only is that where we think the better opportunity lies also the value that we have to add to what we can bring to the table in the context of a lot of our digital capabilities and underwriting and marketing would be consistent with those players who really are looking to card partnerships as a means to grow and really build a franchise. And however important card partnerships were in the past I think we should all understand they’re more important in the emerging digital world just because of the centrality of how payments play and in the digital e-commerce environment relative to in the physical environment. The final thing that we look for is an economic deal that’s attractive and especially in light of the good growth opportunities that we see. So that’s what we’ve been saying for years about the partnership opportunity I think the key thing is that we have felt and expressed so many times is it really needs to be a story of selectivity and discipline and that’s a window into how we view those things.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. I saw that you put the impact of what the home loan business did for the - it was in the consumer bank for Q2 but can you talk a little bit about any balance sheet restructuring that you might be doing and things that might as you go through the second half of the year and things that could continue to help improve net interest income or net interest margin as a result of that or other actions that you can take?
Scott Blackley: Hey Moshe, thanks for the question. With the sale so we sold around $16.8 billion of mortgages in the quarter. We’ve reinvested a significant portion of that, around $9 billion went right into our investment portfolio and so that that was to really preserve liquidity associated with that. We used the rest of that to reduce our overall funding requirements. So we more or less already worked through all of the balance sheet dynamics of that and if you think about what that might mean to net interest margin on the one hand we’ve gotten those home loans out of the book but we added the AFS securities actually we put them in to help maturity so we’ve added those into the portfolio. So we do see a little bit of a pickup overall in terms of the margin but it’s going to be pretty modest given the fact that we reinvested a substantial portion.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. The follow-up is talking - Rich you talked a lot about kind of you continue technological investments and the importance of payments. Could you talk a little bit about how any tools that you think you might have with respect to that could be brought to bear in the partnership area with respect to that the technology investments that you’ve made payments?
Richard Fairbank: Well there are I think are - so there’s kind of two approaches to a partnership business. One can build a lot of custom technology associated with any particular partner or on the other hand one can build general capabilities that would be very compatible with partners who are really looking to build a franchise. And the way our tech transformation has happened by design which is really about building foundational technology and sort of working up the technology stack to create a lot of digital capabilities and flexibility within our card business that is a very natural thing to bring into the partnership business. So our philosophy is more create a way that we can help our partners ride on our technology path as opposed to go create a new technology path and one partner at a time. And that’s really just about and what I’m struck by I think at the end of the day, many companies, most companies in businesses in and around what we do have a set of capabilities that they need that are on a shared path of the very kind of thing that we’re building. So as we’ve said over the years that one of the benefits of our tech investment should be our ability to be a better partner out there.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening, guys. Maybe I’ll start with credit so which we’ve clearly seen growth math transition from a headwind to a tailwind. If I look you provision $6 billion annualized run rate year-to-date, if I look at the next year consensus assuming something in the $7 billion plus $7.5 billion plus range. I was just wondering given that growth math has transitioned to as you referred to the good guy. Can you just tough but the puts and takes on credit and given the backdrop how should we think about provisioning given that losses in almost every business are now down on the year-over-year business?
Scott Blackley: So I think the way to think about it. At times I kind of have a joke in the past say over the last year that we’re almost ready to retire growth math and then I kind of said actually that that’s kind of all that misses an important nuance about how growth math works. And our earnings power is created in a business with high upfront costs and course the way growth math works is that when there’s a surge of growth losses accelerate early on in the cost of those and then things finally settle out and then all other things being equal. There is a very gradual if not dramatic but a very gradual kind of good guy out there in terms of a gradual decline in charges for as long as that vintage is around all other things being equal. And so this is why we kind of adopted the language here that credit for that growth surge of 2014 through 2016 has turned to be a gradual good guy. So I think the way to think about credit and the credit outlook for Capital One is to think of you’ve got the growth math which is kind of turned to be a good guy and then of course credits going to be impacted by the competitive cycle and other industry effects and by the economy. And with respect to that, the card industry as enjoyed a pretty long period of benign performance and we’ve seen losses kind of gradually pickup as people’s growth rates have gone up et cetera. But I think given where we are in the economic and the competitive cycle, I think it’s very reasonable to expect that card industry losses probably have an upward tilt over time. And so you got the card industry effect and then in and to whatever one’s assumption about the card industry in fact I would just overlay the sort of good guy of growth math with Capital One and that how to think about that’s basically how we think about our current outlook.
Ryan Nash: Got it and if I could ask one follow-up, if you just talk strategically about what you’re doing in the deposit business and you talked about the potential for a changing product mix. Can you expand on that and what you think it will mean for the deposit business overtime?
Scott Blackley: So we have talked for really for years about building a national banking strategy. Let me just comment on that for a moment and then talk just a little bit about mix. So as you know in a Capital One is really quite an anomalous institution relative to institutions that are anywhere near our size in the sense that we are not really even though they were the size of the biggest regional banks Capital One is national and just about everything that we do and especially our consumer business is where scale really matters the most. Information scale, brand scale operating scale, customers scale I think digital really increases the importance of scale in frankly, in different ways. But so in banking, we’re we have a local bank in about 20% of the nation and a national direct bank in the other 80%. So while I think the history of banking is to the history of the quest of banks to build national banks is through buying other banks. We are more organically building our national bank and basically trying to go do it by not building how banking works today but in a sense trying to go where banking is going within physical distribution in key metropolitan areas and for us a full suite of products at the forefront of digital capabilities and a brand with a digital lean to it. So I think this is a natural for Capital One because we can leverage our national customer base investments in technology and transformation and digital transformation and our national brand. So this is been a strategy that been playing out gradually over time for Capital One. Let me now turn to the mix point, that the we launched our what we call 360, Capital One 360 money market account a couple of years ago and that competitive with the large national direct banks and we have seen solid growth in this product and also and we expect to continue to lean into our national banking strategy and so I think the mix of in a sense the National Bank component relative to the local banking component. I think the mix will you already see it happening inside Capital One. I think the mix change will continue that’s more of a capital one point but then along the way of course we also have just what’s happening in general with the competitive environment with the rates. So a combination of the natural thing that’s going on with the rates and the fact that we or our organically growing a National Bank these are factors that will lead to both the gradual mix change but what it will sum up to is say increasing cost of deposits is a very natural byproduct of the marketplace and our strategy.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Had a question on CCAR and obviously with a lot more onerous this time around and it’s going to get onerous more onerous all as equal. With all the discussions of the portfolio deals out there, was anything else but capital return asked in this past a mission and I guess Scott as you’re looking ahead and talk it through CECL. Had there been any progress made on discussions with regulators?
Scott Blackley: Yeah. Sanjay, thanks for the question. So when I look at what happened in CCAR really the decrease in the netter [ph] year-over-year in CCAR was really driven by three primary things. The first thing is that and this was an overwhelming driver. We really saw that the impact of tax reform was a significant component of the increase in losses that we had in CCAR and that that caused the decline in our netter. And we think that was primarily driven by the Federal Reserve’s modeling of deferred tax assets and that with the Tax Act there was a lots of an NOLs and it looks like that in the pulling corporate it out into their modeling of deferred tax asset so that was a significant component of the decrease. And then yes we had a more severe scenario and as you know and as we’ve talked about there were some adjustments to model that impacted us card and some prime auto which had an effect as well but the biggest of those things being the effect of the change in deferred tax assets. I would also just mentioned that in our modeling we did not include the noted that include the impact of our mortgage sale that was done after the submission and we were not able to incorporate that because you can only incorporate itself that have concluded in your CCAR model so that kind of gives you a sense of the puts and takes what happened in CCAR.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay, just a follow-up question on the credit quality, Rich, obviously being on the good side of growth math. When we think about how it manifests itself to the charge-off rate going forward over like the short to intermediate term. Is it fair to assume that that small tail that you had of growth math is now completely out of the charge-off rate and then as you alluded to the mix get an improving towards prime and super prime. Will that be an additional tailwind to the credit metrics? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. With respect to the small tail of growth math, yes I’m actually glad you asked that question because definitionally what the small tail of growth math meant was as the surge – as the impact of the growth surge settles out and starts to turn the small tail math a slight up a modest uptick in charge-offs related to the surge in growth. That is actually now a good guy so it’s got the other sign it’s modest on the other side but thank you for that clarification opportunity there. With respect to mix, the mix the subprime mix which dropped several hundred basis points in the quarter. That was I really would not view that is any important change that’s going to play out and in the future in the sense I mean the Cabela’s effect is an enduring one so that we should all internalize that. But as I said earlier, we are our strategies pretty much the same across the credit spectrum that we have had we think the growth opportunities will be that we see opportunities across the spectrum and we our bullishness about being able to improve growth there be it off a fairly low level at the moment but the optimism that we have is really one that kind of spans the spectrum of what we do and so I think you should look more for consistency there. So I just to come back here CECL question we’ve submitted a response to the Fed NPR on the CECL. I know there’s been a variety of an industry discussion going around about how CECL might impact capital and how the capital regime might be adjusted will this happen see how the Fed takes all that feedback and what they may do from here.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. Rich, just one question on the auto space, it seemed over the past few quarters the competitive intensity may have decreased a little bit with the exit of one significant new and used bank player but recently that players indicated that they’re coming back to the market. Are you seeing any change in competitive conditions in that lending math?
Richard Fairbank: Eric, we are seeing a change if there is let me try to just kind of in formally just kind of across the last several years. Try to calibrate this thing because the auto business I’ve said many times, the auto business is hypersensitive to competition even more so than the card business because there’s a dealer standing in the middle of every transaction and the dealer when the dealers see a particular lender who is more aggressive or has a loser underwriting or whatever there is a big movement that way and they try to drive others there as well. So this is an important question that you’re asking. Years ago, so in the wake of the great recession with the retreat of a whole bunch of players we had kind of once in a life time competitive situation. And then we said, look it’s only going to get more competitive for there and things gradually became more competitive over the years still there was significant opportunity there. It’s sometime of around 2015 as I recall 14, 15 time period we started flagging, we were concerned about competitive practices it was competitive things partly a supply issue and a practices thing. But we saw supply increasing but we saw some competitive practices and we raised some alarm bells about that and Scott maybe help me with the timing here but I think sometime near that last quarter of 2015, we actually had a pretty significant decrease in origination volume around there related to this competitive intensity and the practices. A couple of quarters after that so I think now we’re into sort of the middle of 2016 we saw that some of that, the competitive practices started I think competitors were pulling back a little bit from that and then we saw another player start pulling back significantly so from let’s call it a good part of 2016 and pretty much all of 2017 there was again this is sort of in the middle of the competitive cycle or even competitive that the economic cycle is moving well along this anomaly that the card business had less than you would expect competition either to be the auto business excuse me, thank you, Jeff. What we are seeing in the context of that is more competition returning a little bit more frequency with respect to practices that were not fans of but I the way I would describe it is this is returning more to the way things were a couple of years before this. We still see good growth opportunities but it is very clear that the usual window that we enjoyed for about a year and a half, we should not expect that to be there and we what is our expectation is things will return to a more normal competitive environment and it will move along in the cycle as things do. But we still see good growth opportunities but we know which direction this thing is moving.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thank you. And if I may just one quick follow-up on NIM, Scott do I understand that it seems that this current level of card 6.7 is sort of the run rate level from here, but it seems like given the mix of asset growth and the deposit or just funding beta phenomenon that biased continues to be to the downside. Is that a fair characterization?
Scott Blackley: I think that you’ve got to kind of unpack all the things that are running through now. First of all, with respect to rates we’ve been talking about this for a while but we’re effectively neutral to rates and so I wouldn’t expect that if rates follow implied forwards, you shouldn’t see a lot of movement for us against that type of a change. And then I thought I said in my talking points about half the decline looking back on the prior quarter was a seasonal pattern and you historically seen NIM kind of drop down in Q2 and then climb back from there and that is really associated with the timing of some tax, seasonal payments that come in and that’s offset a little bit by some day count. And then in the quarter, the other half of kind of what was going on there were really three factors, one was the contour of a new Porsche in the UK PPR reserve, obviously that’s a quarter only impact we had the additional cash that we carried because of the sale of the mortgage that’s also a quarterly impact that wouldn’t continue and then we talked about the accelerating cost of deposits which we do think will continue to be a headwind. So when you kind they work your way through that there’s really the one factor thing that we think is going to be a continuing headwind in is going to be the cost to deposits but we’ll also see kind of puts and takes mix on the business and what the balance sheet ultimately looks like so that’s kind of the recipe that I would describe in terms of where you should think about him going from here.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Donald Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Donald Fandetti: Hi, Rich. Two part private label question. One, have you made any executive changes in that area and then number two a little bit more complex. If you could talk about sort of how you weigh let’s say doing a large private label deal with alternatively just doing more general purpose cards and other parts of your business because you look at private label they do tend to skew lower on credit the pricing obviously is pretty competitive you have CECL a tougher fact on cards and lastly they do tend to be very high touch where you can sometimes need a hundred people site at the retailer and so there’s arguably execution risk et cetera and how do you look at that over the return so good or is it more of a longer term scale type thing that you’d be considering as well?
Richard Fairbank: So I think in the so we talked often about the partnership business and the card partnership business and it’s a very natural sibling to having a branded business. We have tended to lean harder into going out to win general purpose programs generally than private label just only because there is just one whole not just synergy more with our own credit card business and we really like the opportunities to build customer relationships where they’re we’re doing everything we can to increase sales with the partner but also leveraging the opportunities to get out of store or out of partner sales which in a number of partners can be a very significant thing as well. So general purpose cards I think have some structural advantages over the private label. But it’s all part of the sibling businesses that exist right next to what we do that’s why we’re in both of them and we evaluate one opportunity at a time.
Donald Fandetti: Okay. And I don’t know if they were able to come. Okay. If you were able to comment on any staffing changes or maybe you can’t really talk about that?
Richard Fairbank: We don’t talk about staffing issues on call.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard Shane with JP Morgan.
Richard Shane: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. And I want to follow-up on something that Scott mentioned. Scott, you talked about essentially $75 million expense true up related to a vendor obviously I really can’t mean that vendor. But if you could give us a sense of the nature of that relationship in any implications in terms of the business going forward?
Scott Blackley: Yeah, Rick. Thanks for the question. You can imagine that for a company of our size we have a number of large vendor relationships and so during the quarter we concluded the negotiation that resulted in some adjustments to the outer arrangement and we had some release of a accruals. And so that’s a onetime thing that they came and went and as we mentioned that hit our card segment so you know where to put that.
Richard Shane: Got it. I’m curious if it’s perhaps related to credit reporting or storing in particular?
Scott Blackley: Well. I’m going to have to let you continue to gas because I’m obviously not going to comment on specific vendors or areas that – that’s not something that I think makes sense for us.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Robert Napoli with William Blair.
Robert Napoli: Thank you. I appreciate it. Rich, it is to be muttered with your views or on the health of the consumer from a spending perspective is that a slight deceleration in your spend growth I think across the industry slightly deceleration. Are you seeing the any more conservative consumer at all and just your views on where we are in the economic cycle would be interesting?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. I think pulling way up the economy certainly looks strong over the short term and I think consumers are benefiting from job growth, wage increases and tax cuts. And tax cuts have both had some benefit on take home pay for taxpayers but of course through the large corporate and business tax cuts I think will increasingly make their way through hiring and investment by companies. Now, so all of that is just all sort of things that stimulate. I think beyond that we’ve been watching most closely things like debt growth and competitive intensity which impact consumer credit over time and we've seen some pullback in that growth recently although it’s still the growth of revolving debt growing at 5.3%, the growth of non-mortgage debt so that’s been lending [ph], auto lending and installment lending is down a bit that growth is down a bit also but it’s at 4.6%. So what is clear is that the total indebtedness of consumers is growing. So I think just as we look at it over the near term you’ve got a number of planets sort of aligning in a good way that sort of pulling up on the economy beyond that beyond the near term there longer term issues like in addition to the consumer indebtedness growing government deficits, trade issues and sort of the big sort of gradual demographic shifts that are that are going on. So we operate with a view that this benign economy which by the way is heading toward record levels for how long it’s been since the last recession. We should understand and embrace it for what it is but not mistake that for things that are structural because I think a number of the structural elements probably operate in the other direction.
Robert Napoli: And then I guess on the spend trends I mean a slight are you seeing, there seem to be a slight the deceleration I mean it’s like hard but I mean are you seeing any change in spend? Is there any that have to do with the shift of Easter maybe?
Richard Fairbank: We had quite a bit of growth going on and our consumer spending and I think that probably more result of Capital One specific things that are going on I would there is no near term sort of development on the spending side that we would note but I think we should all be cautious consumers of the consumers behavior lately as we make our business decision.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Steven Wharton with JP Morgan.
Steven Wharton: Good evening. I just wanted to follow-up one more time on the NIM. So you said that you expect that that happened, the decline sequentially would do the seasonality which I understand. But then you also mentioned that the impact of the contra revenue portion of the UK PPI reserve also impacted the NIM. Does that go away in 3Q and how much for that?
Scott Blackley: Yeah. So the way that UK PPI works you book some of it has a return of revenue and so it actually comes in as a reduction of revenue or contra revenue which will impact just the quarter and that was roughly sized in the 3 basis point range.
Steven Wharton: And then you also mentioned the sale of the mortgages themselves but then you said you’d reinvested the proceeds of securities. So is that to imply then that the impacted to the NIM sequentially from the whole mortgage and security thing that that’s pretty much in the run rate. Is there’s not going to be a change sequentially from here?
Scott Blackley: That’s correct. And so we did hold some higher cash during the quarter as we work through putting that to work which was again another drag to NIM and it was roughly about the same size as the UK PPI either.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good evening. First question on capital you indicated that for your CCAR submission that was before the mortgage sale had been finalized so now that you’re at 11% where you need to be and you’re creating capital obviously with earnings. Would you consider going in for either de minims or a top up request for a capital return later this year?
Scott Blackley: Well Betsy we those are certainly options that are available to us and what I would just say is as we’ve done in the past. We’re going to look at all of our options all the levers that we have to deploy capital whether that’s capitalizing growth distributed to shareholders and we definitely recognize that that’s a really important way for us to drive value for our shareholders so we’ll be we’ll be looking at all of our options going forward.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thanks and then Rich you mentioned earlier the subprime obviously having fallen in the quarter. How much of that was your own actions verses your customers that try to increasing given the improvement in the economy obviously we get a positive cycle drift in a strong economy and that that the other part of the question here is does it give you room to then we invest in that customer’s side going forward or are your new loans that you are originating more likely to be above 660. Can you just some color there? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah that I would doubt that if I could drift over any short period of time would be a very big factor I haven’t specifically looked at that but I wouldn’t I wouldn’t place too much on that. That we don’t operate with a precise the subprime mix target, it is striking for how many years we have been around one third. So whether this number was that 32% or 35%, I don’t think would have much impact on our pursuit of opportunities to us much I mean if it’s the mix get way different than normal. Obviously we always watch it but I think the main thing is what is the nature of the competitive environment the nature of the consumer and probably most importantly the results of all the tests that we’ve done and the vintages and we put it all together to just to calibrate what is the opportunity that we see and in my point is been Capital One is spend posting some pretty modest numbers on the lower end of the league tables for a number of quarters. For a variety of reasons but part of it probably was as we’ve talked about term pulling in around the edges on some of the choices and things like that. I just think if we look at the opportunity we see some increased opportunity off of that lower base and that opportunity is across from is really across the spectrum all the way to the very top of the market.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christopher Donat with Sandler O’Neil.
Christopher Donat: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask one of your auto lending side of the business and about the mix of it because with the prospect of tariffs on imported new vehicles I’m just wondering what percentage of your business is used at this point?
Richard Fairbank: Chris, we have not we don’t give out that that number. However, certainly relative to a number of auto lenders, our mix is more toward the use side because we do not have a big partnership with a captive, a captive auto finance partnership that for some of the banks out there can lead to very significant volumes of new loans. So we’re really more taking the mix of business that exists in the non-sub vented big part of the marketplace, but relative to the overall US marketplace that is shifted more toward the used car side. So with respect to your particular point, we probably have less exposure than some others might.
Christopher Donat: Okay. That’s helpful for me. Helped me understand the risk.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our final question tonight comes from Chris Brendler with Buckingham Research.
Chris Brendler: Hi. Thanks, good evening. Thanks, Rich excuse me and I just wanted to ask on the US consumer credit card business interchange growth lagged spending growth by a little bit, but still pretty solid low double digits. Can you comment at all about the rewards environment and how it’s affecting your numbers and how you feel about the competitive intensity of the US card business especially among trends actors and your success there? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, Chris. The rewards let’s talk of this call it the heavy spender business is a very competitive business. And it’s been very competitive for really for a long time. But marketing levels are intense the competition in reward the I think the most notable thing over let’s say the last say five years was the step up in rewards competition products and that kind of thing in the sort of 18 months to two years ago time period. And also not just for the banks but also at the same time Co-brand offerings. I think all of that continues to be intense I would describe it more as stable recently at an intense level. Upfront bonuses continue to be aggressive although they have also seemed to stabilize and are down of the real high they went to over a year ago. So I think this is a business where in order to succeed one has to there’s a lot more than throwing products out there this is really I think a company needs to and there are a small number of players who would fit this description I think committed to what it takes to be in this business and build the sustain levels of brand equities over time to committed to the same levels of marketing that is required there and the investments from digital to high level servicing and everything else. So for many years we have been kind of all in on this business. We believe that it continues to be a good opportunity you’ve seen capital one really for many years posting quite good growth numbers and I think into the teeth of a very competitive but fairly stable marketplace we see continuing positive opportunities to grow this business and to build a franchise which can be very profitable over the longer term and very resilient and be the cornerstone of a brand franchise that we are building.
Chris Brendler: You think that brand is actually helping you gain market share without be as aggressive rewards or even investing in this brand for decades now and I would think that you’re actually getting some benefit, some market share gains from the power of your brand.
Richard Fairbank: I think brands a very important part of this thing. I don’t think a company I don’t think a bank can just win this game by just product offerings, it’s too easy for people to match product offerings this there’s so much more and there’s great product offerings now all over the place. So I think it’s really about a comprehensive all in strategy it’s all about franchise and it’s all about brand and customer experience and the key point I would leave with you is we have literally leaned into this business with a tremendous amount of priority and investment and focus for a whole bunch of years and I think through all the kinds of up and down in the competitive marketplace I think you’ve seen some pretty consistency in the growth numbers that we’ve been the organic growth numbers we’ve been able to post in this business and we’re optimistic for our prospects overtime.
Jeff Norris: Thank you for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks for joining us. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott Blackley - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Inc. Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Richard Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs & Company, Inc. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Eric Wasserstrom - UBS Investment Bank Kenneth Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Chris Brendler - Buckingham Research Group
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2018 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that the presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.3 billion or $2.62 per share in the first quarter. We had one adjusting item in the quarter, which was $19 million of restructuring costs. Net of this item earnings per share were $2.65. A slight outline in adjusting items can be found on Page 13 of the slide deck. Pre-provision GAAP earnings increased 3% on a linked quarter basis and 8% on a year-over-year basis to $3.3 billion. Provision for credit losses decreased 13% on a linked quarter basis and 16% year-over-year primarily driven by smaller allowance builds in our Domestic Card business. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in allowance across our businesses, which are detailed in Table 8 of our earnings supplement. In our Domestic Card business, we built $59 million of allowance in the quarter reflecting seasonally adjusted growth and the moderating impacts of growth math. The allowance in our Consumer Banking segment increased $11 million driven by growth in our Auto business and net reserves in our Commercial Banking segment decreased $33 million primarily due to paydowns in an improved risk profile. Our effective tax rate in the quarter was 19.2%. We have refined our estimate of the impact of the new tax law and we now expect our 2018 corporate annual effective tax rate to be around 20%. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin decreased 10 basis points from the fourth quarter, primarily driven by day count and an increase in rate paid for deposits, which was only partially offset by higher asset yields in mix. Net interest margin was up 5 basis points on a year-over-year basis resulting from a higher mix of card assets on the balance sheet. As of the end of the quarter, our net interest income was modestly liability sensitive to implied forwards and a flatter yield curve would create a modest headwind to earnings. Turning to Slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.5%. Last quarter, I shared that we expected our CET 1 ratio which is our binding capital constraint to trend back towards the mid 10% range. Since then there have been several developments that have affected our capital requirements. These developments include a more severe 2018 CCAR assumptions that were provided by the Federal Reserve in its stress scenarios. More severe Federal Reserve CCAR loss models are coming for a card and subprime auto, and of course, the impacts of both of these developments are compounded by the associated incremental disallowed DTA resulting from the loss of the NOL carry back. Giving these developments, we now believe that our CET 1 ratio will trend up to around 11%. In the first quarter, we repurchased approximately 200 million of common stock and in light of our updated view of capital. We do not expect to use any of the remaining authorization for the 2017 CCAR approval window, which ends June 30, 2018. Importantly, this view does not incorporate any of the potential impacts from CECL implementation in 2020. With respect to CECL, we were pleased to see bank regulators acknowledge in their MPR that the initial challenges of CECL implementation, but they didn't go far enough. Our current capital regime was built around incurred loss allowance model and under CECL we will shift to a lifetime loss allowance, but we've seen no comments or shift in capital frameworks. We view the potential increase and allowance from CECL, as simply capital in another form and since the MPR doesn't allow for Tier 1 capital relief, it will all else equal simply cause banks to hold more capital. In addition, CECL has the potential to be very procyclical and we will discourage loan growth, especially in recessionary periods and will make financial statements less comparable and less useful. We will continue to advocate the bank regulators and the FASB to carefully consider all of the impacts of CECL. So with that, I'm going to be turning the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Scott. I'll begin on Slide 8 with our Credit Card business. We posted strong year-over-year growth in both revenue and pretax income driven by the performance of both our domestic and international Card businesses. Credit Card results also benefit from the absence of any additions to our U.K. PPI reserves in the quarter, which adversely impacted the first quarter of last year. On Slide 9, you can see the first quarter results for our Domestic Card business. As a reminder, Domestic Card results and metrics now include the impacts of the Cabela's portfolio, which are playing out as expected. Ending loan balances were up $7.4 billion or about 8% compared to the first quarter of last year. First quarter purchase volume increased 18% from the prior year. Revenue for the quarter increased 6% from the prior year. Revenue margin for the quarter was 15.9% down 36 basis points from the first quarter of 2017. Strong net interchange revenue partially offset the expected margin pressure from Cabela's. Non-interested expense increased 7% compared to the prior year quarter. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 5.26%, up 12 basis points year-over-year. The 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.57% down 14 basis points from the prior year, both metrics include the benefit from adding the Cabela's portfolio. The competitive marketplace remains intense, but generally rational. Supply of card credit is on the high side, although it is settled out a bit. We continue to see good opportunities to grow card loans and purchase volumes with a watchful eye on the marketplace. Slide 10 summarizes first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans grew about 1% compared to the prior year, while average loans were up about 2%. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up 3% versus the prior year with a 23 basis point increase in average deposit interest rate compared to the first quarter of 2017. We expect further increases in average deposit interest rate driven by higher market rates and increasing competition for deposits. The Auto business continues to grow. First quarter auto originations were strong and ending loans were up 10% year-over-year, competitive intensity in auto is increasing, but we still see attractive opportunities to grow. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased about 4% from the first quarter of last year driven by growth in auto loans and deposit. Non-interest expense for the quarter decreased 4% compared to the prior year quarter driven by our ongoing efforts to tightly manage cost and the exit of the mortgage origination business last quarter, partially offset by continuing growth in auto. Provision for credit losses was down from the first quarter of 2017 primarily as a result of lower auto charge-off rate and a smaller allowance build. In auto, we remain cautious about used car prices and our underwriting assumes that prices decline. As the cycle plays out, we continue to expect that the auto charge-off rate will increase gradually. Moving to Slide 11, I'll discuss our commercial banking business. First quarter ending loan balances decreased about 2% year-over-year and average loans decreased 3%. Both trends were driven by our choice to pull back in several less attractive business segments in the second half of 2017. With many of these choices behind us, ending loan balances increased about 2% from the sequential quarter. First quarter revenue was roughly flat year-over-year as strong non-interest income in capital markets and agency offset the decline in average loans and the effect of the lower tax rate on tax equivalent yields. Excluding the net impacts of the new tax law, revenue would have grown about 4%. Non-interest expense was up 3% primarily as a result of technology investments and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses was actually a benefit of $14 million in the quarter driven by lower charge-offs and a larger allowance release as compared to the first quarter of last year. The charge-off rate for the quarter improved to 11 basis points. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.7%, down 40 basis points from the fourth quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.5%, up 10 basis points from the fourth quarter. Last quarter, we shared with you that we had moved the vast majority of our Taxi Medallion portfolio to held for sale, which drove most of our fourth quarter commercial provision expense. During the first quarter, we sold most of this portfolio and realized the small gain. We have just over $40 million in remaining Taxi Medallion loans and assets on the balance sheet, which are carried at a valuation comparable to the recently completed portfolio sale. In the first quarter, Capital One delivered year-over-year growth in loans, deposits, revenues, and pre-provision earnings. We tightly managed costs even as we continue to invest to grow and to drive our digital transformation. Total company ending loan balances grew 3% year-over-year and we still see opportunities to book attractive and resilient loans in our card, auto, and commercial banking businesses. We expect marketing in 2018 will be higher than 2017. First quarter efficiency ratio improve year-over-year as revenue growth outpaced the growth in non-interest expense, while efficiency ratio can vary in any given year. Over the long-term, we continue to believe that we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth in digital productivity gains. As always, marketing expense will continue to be driven by the opportunities and requirements of the competitive marketplace. We expect long-term improvements and total efficiency ratio will mostly come from improving operating efficiency ratio. We continue to expect a majority of the tax benefit will fall to the bottom line this year, while it's still early to have a definitive observations and conclusions, we continue to believe markets behave in predictable ways. A surge in tax benefits has a way of working its way into the marketplace through increasing competition, including higher levels of marketing and lower prices. Responding to these actions, we will likely consume a growing portion of the tax benefit over time. In addition, we will also continue to lean into our investment in talent, technology, innovation, brand, and growth. We are bullish about the long-term benefits of our investments. Taking all of this into account, we continue to expect that our current trajectory coupled with the new tax law will enable us to accelerate full-year 2018 EPS growth compared to full-year 2017 EPS growth, net of adjustment and assuming no substantial adverse change in the broader economic or credit cycles. Pulling up, we continue to build an enduringly great franchise with the scale, brand, capabilities, and infrastructure to succeed as the digital revolution transforms our industry and our society. Our digital and technology transformation is accelerating. We are growing new customer relationships and deepening engagement with new and existing customers, and we are strengthening our position to succeed in a rapidly changing marketplace and create long-term shareholder value. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Rich, I was hoping that you could, I mean you alluded to this in your prepared remarks, you talked a little bit about seeing opportunities for growth in a market that you kind of defined is still rational. Maybe if you could kind of flesh that out a little bit kind of where within the credit spectrum, what have you seen in terms of both the supply of credit and the ability to if your borrowers to support it in the market and how has that influenced to your thought process?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Thanks Moshe. Good afternoon. So if I calibrate, so we had a big surge of growth in 2014 through 2016. And as you know, Moshe we are very sensitive about what is the supply demand situation in the marketplace being so cautious about oversupply. And we saw a window that we said at the time gave us I think an exceptional opportunity to grow and get the kind of performance that we wanted and we went all in on that. Starting in 2016 and sort of into 2017, we saw a big surge in industry supply. Well it actually started before that, but there was a big surge in the industry supply. In early 2016 we started making our cautionary sounds about look that will probably have ripple effects on some of the performance metrics in the business, the credit performance metrics in the business, and sharing off those performance changes. I mean that's nothing overly alarming to those performance changes we saw in our own and in industry metrics in 2016. And so we dialed back to more moderate growth rate. Dial back basically around the edges, across our revolver programs and you see the slower growth in 2016 and you can see growth has been pretty slow at this - to this quarter that we're reporting today. I think I would describe the generally things have kind of settled out in the environment not in a huge way, but just in a moderate way. You can see supply has little bit settled out even though supply is still on the high side, and clearly the supply, the growth of revolving credit is well above the growth of the economy et cetera. So certainly we'll call that one on the high side, but kind of settling out. If you look at industry practices, pricing and various things I think there is a rationality and a stability to things. Competition is fairly intense especially on the very high end of the marketplace. But I would call it kind of a settling out period. I think we see an opportunity for attractive growth in this environment, not like a big surge like before, but I think that we still feel optimistic about the ability to have appropriate attractive growth in this environment, not like a big surge like before. But I think that we still feel optimistic about the ability to have appropriate attractive growth in this environment. You talked about where across the credit spectrum that we see that would really say that across the areas that we tend to invest in, we see some attractive growth opportunities. We continue to be going very hard at the top of the marketplace has a very competitive there. I think that the people who will succeed and are succeeding there are those who invest for years in building a brand and sort of the benefits of staying power in that particular area, but we continue to like our results there and you can see we printed them some pretty good purchase volume growth metrics. In the revolver space, across the credit spectrum I think you know there is an opportunity, kind of medium size opportunity there. So we'll be very vigilant along the way as we read the market conditions and act appropriately, but I think that we do see some opportunity for growth.
Moshe Orenbuch: And just the last part of that it was whether you can ever see anything in the kind of customer base from employment or income standpoint that would make you kind of more or less enthused?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, I think for the consumer, things look pretty strong in the near-term. I think they're benefiting from job growth and wage increases maybe a bit from Tax Cuts. And so I think the consumer and the economy sort of in which the consumer is a big part is in the near-term in a pretty strong and stable place. Now when you look out a little bit farther, there are a number of things that are still considered can concerning like growing consumer indebtedness, growing the government deficits and a number of issues, but almost all the issues are a bit farther out. So all of that adds up to a view in our case that there is a. Kind of middle of the cycle field to where we are right now. I think that we have some attractive opportunities to grow, but one has to I think bring a very careful and wary eye to work every day because there are a number of factors out there that could get a lot worse from here.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. When I look at the monthly progression of the U.S. card credit metrics, they paint a pretty positive story, delinquencies are down year-over-year, the charge-off rate seem to be trending down year-over-year now. Could you maybe help us reconcile your expectations for the charge-off rate to be up this year given this phenomenon?
Scott Blackley: Well, Sanjay, first I don't think we've given any guidance about the 2018 full-year charge-off rate. I think that we've historically been telling you that we expected that the increasing pressure year-over-year basis from growth math was moderating and that's what we've talked about. I mentioned that that is having a modest impact on the allowances we've seen that the income down. But Rich, I don't know if you want to make any other comments about that?
Richard Fairbank: Well, maybe it's appropriate to kind of just seize the moment and just talk about growth math and where we are on that. If we kind of pull back over - our journey of the last several years, the reason we talked about growth math was to highlight the impacts of our outsized growth relative to the rest of the card industry. And that surge turned out to be from 2014 through 2016 and since then our growth has been moderate. If you combine our vintages of outsized growth, 2014, 2015 and 2016, their losses have stabilized and now actually started to improve. And our newer vintages 2017 and forward are in the early seasoning phase with increasing losses. And this is a natural way that seasoning works in the Card business. When you net these two effects, the result is the small tail of growth math we have spoken off, but pulling way up we're near the end of the growth math story, and from here we expect our credit will be impacted more by the economy, the competitive cycle, and other industry effects. And these factors are more likely upward than downward and they will - on our portfolio will ultimately be a blend of all of these effects, but I think the thing we wanted to point out is that the surge if you will from 2014, 2015, and 2016 those vintages actually have turned to the positive.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. I mean I guess just a follow-up on that. I mean do we think that now the charge-off rate could then come down for the year relative to last year? And then just one question on the CCAR comment, Scott. Could you maybe just talk about how the more onerous expectations affect you are ask this time around, I mean in terms of just dimensionalizing that? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, we're not - it's been our norm over the 20 some years we've been a public company, not to give specific credit guidance. And I think our view is since now we're kind of beyond the growth math story and our credit is going to be driven mostly by industry factors. We give you a little bit of a window into what's happening along the way with that thing I'll call that the surge over the three-year period. But I think we're now - it's probably less of a Capital One specific story and more about industry factors, but we will have a bit of the beneficial impact of the surge being a very gradual. All other things being equal, a very gradually beneficial and again, everything being precisely equal something that is over the rest of it life sort of having being a modest good guy as opposed to the “bad guy” it has been for several years as the losses have been so frontloaded.
Scott Blackley: Sanjay, on the CCAR. So I obviously can't give you much information about our 2018 CCAR submission. I will kind of just pull up and first talk about the whitepaper that the Fed released on its modeling. We don't have any more information about how that's going to impact us than you do. We've made assumptions about that in terms of dimensioning the 11% that I've told you that we're going to be trending towards. So I'll just make a couple comments about what I think looking ahead for capital. I think that we're going to be trending up towards the 11%. I would think that we'll get there over the next 12 months or so for sure. I would think that when I look at our earnings capacity, I think that we have their earnings capacity to have support growth to support our capital trending up and for the opportunity for some continued capital distribution along the way. So we're looking at all components of that as part of our dynamic management of our capital levels.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next questioner from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Donald Fandetti: Yes. Good evening. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about sort of your view on industry card loan growth. If you look around a lot of the issuers are tightening up underwriting on the edges, yet the consumer is in very good shape. Can you talk a little bit about the outlook there and also the competitive dynamic you've got the Fed continuing to raise rates? You've got corporate tax rates that have been cut, are you seeing any changes in the competitive behavior from some of the banks?
Richard Fairbank: Right. Don, I'm not sure that the industry is pulling back as much as it's kind of settling out. It was clear that the growth in the Card business, the growth of supply was surging over the last couple of years. It seems to have settled out around 6%, subprime growth rate surged quite a bit higher than that and it's now come down, but it's still a little bit higher than the prime rate. So again, my characterization of that would be supply is on the high side, but kind of settling out relative to the pace it was going one in two years ago when we were raising some alarm bells. At the top of the market, there is tremendous competition at the top of the market, and the top competition shows up in rewards offerings that not only our card players actively putting some pretty aggressive things out there, but retailers are kind of jumping into the fray there's been a lot of competition on rewards themselves. Intense marketing associated with those and my expectation is that that will continue. I see nothing abating about that. You asked the question about the impact of taxes. Both intuitively and in any retro studying we have done when a windfall happens to come to companies. Intuitively and empirically, it seems those windfalls end up making their way into the marketplace. Now one of the frustrating things will be and I'll say it in advance now. We won't be able to measure it and we won't be able to ever attribute any particular thing to that in the same way when the windfall from bankruptcy reform that happened in the [indiscernible] ended up making its way. I would argument to a pretty unhealthy way into the Credit Card marketplace, again, who can attribute cost to all of these things, but the striking thing in the wake of that sort of the industry got a little bit overheated and competitive in some unnatural ways. But my points are even kind of larger than a card industry point, I think as a corporate America point, where the big windfall is my expectation over the course of say the first year, most of that I'd certainly speak for Capital One. When I look at our own actions, I think that this thing looks like it had to default to the bottom line, but I think my cautionary words to all of us is, I would expect in little ways here and little ways there this will make its way into the marketplace in the form of more investment, more spending, pricing in various ways such that it kind of gets competed away which is a good thing from a societal point of view and how in the end giving a break to corporations has a way of making it self broadly available into the marketplace. So although we won't be able to measure it, we are assuming over time in our own planning that the marketplace will get more competitive and those are my cautionary comments. And in the end, the one thing we'll know is we don't really be able to measure that effect. So if I pull way up though, I still a pretty bullish about the opportunity in the Credit Card business. I think it's a reasonably stable time in the industry. We know which direction in the credit cycle things are moving, but I think there's a window of opportunity to still have some good growth.
Donald Fandetti: And just a quick clarification. If I look at your funding cost on securitized debt and senior and subordinate notes, it looks like they went up a lot the yield quarter-over-quarters, so anything to call out there was just sort of normal progression?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Most of our wholesale funding is actually swapped out to three-month LIBOR, so it's really reflective of kind of the great moves and we saw a little bit of disconnect in the three month LIBOR, which run through that for most of those items.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard Shane: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question this afternoon. I just wanted to talk a little bit about the impact of higher deposit costs and higher rates on funds transfer pricing. I realize it's a net - it's a zero sum between corporate in the consumer bank, but I am assuming that is rates rise, the bank would be more profitable at the expense of the corporate another one and just like to go through that a little bit?
Richard Fairbank: I think as a really broad principle, I think you're right. I think that the - we transfer funding costs from the other segment into the retail bank and its rates rise that spreads going to be more beneficial. And so all things being equal, I think that's likely going to be true.
Richard Shane: Scott and how often do you reprice that just so we understand think about the dynamic in a right way?
Scott Blackley: Yes, we do that on more or less a monthly basis is the process that we follow.
Richard Shane: Okay, great.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey, good evening, guys. So I just wanted to ask a follow-up to one of the questions that was asked earlier regarding credit note. We've obviously seen two straight months of improving charge-offs in delinquencies Rich? Do you talk about the 2014 through 2016 vintage - vintages are starting to have some gradual improvement. So given that we're now a couple months into the year with both losses and delinquency down on a year-over-year basis and seemingly we should have more tailwinds from this.
Scott Blackley: I guess what would we need to see from - if I'm assuming the environment is going to be stable, what would we need to see for losses in delinquencies to actually start going up over the course of the year. I think the point that there's no full-year guidance, but I'm just trying to understand unless it there's a big change in the operating environment why would losses start to go up?
Richard Fairbank: So I think small changes in the environment can very easily happen. They can come on little cat feet. I'll give you an example of just what happened in 2016. Now in 2016 we were just beginning to - we were in the last year of our growth surge, but we started raising alarm bells about some of the supply things we saw going on and sure enough when you look back and by the way at that time one can't really see things particularly on origination programs and things like that. But if you look back at the period where I would say the card industry worsened of it, starting in the second quarter of 2016 particularly on the origination side where the industry, vintages from that period started gapping out. There was a worsening there and then we also saw that over the 2016 and 2017 period that the good guy the back book had been for so many years we'd almost all forgotten, where the back book not only was stable, it actually was getting better and better that that moved to stable, and then actually for several quarters and you can see this is an industry phenomenon. It was Capital One and you can see it in the securitization trust for the industry, actually worsen. Now both that the origination effect that that we noticed in the second quarter of 2016 and this back book effect that went from good guide neutral to even a worsening that seems to have settled out a little bit, but those are things that that can happen very easily and while there are always can be economic effects that cause them. The thing that I most focus on those things can happen very easily by competitor actions in the marketplace extra supply, changes in underwriting at various things. So my only point is that this is why we're not really in the credit guidance business because what we want to do is be in the credit guidance business when we have unique things to talk about - about our portfolio that wouldn't just fall of the industry things. So look, I think the most important thing that I have to share with you is that our 2014 to 2016 surge has turned into a gradual good guy. So whatever thing that happens from there whether the industry gets worse or better or whatever, we will have that little benefit on our own portfolio and it may be beneficial relative to other card players. And put another way as we've talked about it is we're farther along in the later innings kind of growth math and some of the other players. So I think Capital One will carry that particular benefit whether losses go up or not for us in the industry I think is something we'll have to see.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And I guess if I could ask one follow-up, Rich you've been spending heavy on tech for the past five years, but we still managed to see 330 basis points of efficiency improvement in the last two years. However, I think over half came from lower marketing and lower amortization. So as you continue to get more benefits from these analog cost saves and maybe we start to see some of the investments sun setting, could we actually start to see the savings that you're seeing coming through on the expense side accelerating and maybe we could see a little bit lower expense growth going forward? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: I think we have one growing benefit and one less benefit than we had on something like efficiency ratio relative to the last few years and not even counting by the way your point on amortization. But I think the benefit that will grow over time is the relative meter between the increased investment in technology, which has been going on for years and the meter of the savings that we get because we're investing in technology. And what I've been saying for a long time is Capital One was way out there from the beginning, saying well some banks are saying they're going to sell fund their tech investment. I want to make one thing clear, we're not self-funding this thing. It's going to cost more before it costs less. So we have continued to invest heavily in technology and we will continue to invest heavily in technology and there are many benefits that come from that. And cost to me isn't even at the top of the list and we're not doing it primarily for cost benefits. However, with respect to cost, there are two growing good guys to offset the continued investment in technology. One is tech savings on tech spend, so a bunch of that that we're spending a lot in technology and is starting to actually create some tech savings. The other thing is really helping to grow the meter of sort of one minus tech spend across the company. And this is a gift that will keep on giving over time. And so what I've always said is I'm not ready to predict whether it could be that tech spends will grow as far out as we can see because at some point we all become just tech companies that's all we are. But the thing that is clearly going on is our - that tech is starting to save on itself and one minus tech spend that the savings meter is starting to grow, and I think that's going to be a gift that gives for a bunch of years. Now the one thing that's not as helpful to us over the next few years relative to what we had as our efficiency ratio is pretty steadily marched down over the last few years is basically the growth rate of the company. We were able to have the - it was really nice to have a pretty rapid growth rate and just not grow cost as much. So we've got our work cut out for us more with more moderate growth rates that's going to be a bit harder work, but we believe that. And a very important way our investors will be paid and an important manifestation of the benefits of really transforming the company into a tech company that does banking instead of a bank that you like I think, so many in the industry bank that use this technology is that we should be able to have the benefit in the operating cost over time. In any particular year, we're not really into the near-term guidance on that. The only other thing that I wanted to say just about efficiency ratio and you may have noticed the distinction that I made that what we believe over the longer-term overall efficiency ratio will be a good guy over time. I think that marketing, we've already said we expect to increase marketing over time. We had earlier questions on this call about the very competitive card marketplace et cetera as we look around. We expect to continue to invest heavily in marketing. I think it's really important to the growth opportunities of the company and for the brand and ultimately where we need to go as a company. But even in spite of higher marketing spend, we are very hopeful for the continuing benefit of operating cost through technology savings to carry the day.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, good afternoon.
Richard Fairbank: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Couple questions. One, I just want to understand - make sure I understand what you said about the CET 1 ratio, the capital ratio. So I think you said that over the course of next three, four quarters you expect you can get it back - you can get it to around 11%. Do I take that to mean that from there you anticipate holding it at 11%? I just want make sure I understand the drivers behind why you feel the need to go there and how we should expect a trajectory and what kind of leverage you're planning on pulling to either maintain or to get there?
Richard Fairbank: Hey, Betsy. Thanks for the question. So I did say that I would expect that we would get to around 11% over the next 12 months or so from here. I think that we've got the earnings power that's going to allow us to accrete to those levels and at the same time support growth and the potential for some capital distribution as well. As we think about kind of where we need to be, I think 11% is kind of where I see the company needing to be with our current mix of business. The one thing that is out there that we're going to need to keep a close eye on a CECL and it's kind of the way CECL and its implementation comes out. We're likely to at some point going to have to take and adjust that 11% for what we see and what we learn about kind of how CECL is going to be implemented in stress testing and the day one effect at CECL. So those are all the things that I think that I have to say on that topic.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Just because the timing doesn't have to do in part with what the CCAR test was like this quarter. Is it at all around Fed parallel run on Basel II? Is it a function of what your outlook is for credit losses, just trying to understand the timing of this currently around 11%?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well the timing is mainly - I'd previously mentioned that that we thought we need to be around 10.5%, and since then we've gotten additional information from the Fed about them incorporating updated models in card and in subprime auto which are two big businesses for us. So we're trying to make sure that we don't get caught behind the April on any of those items.
Betsy Graseck: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Wasserstrom with UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. Rich if I may, I'm just trying to sort of aggregate the responses to several other questions that have come before, so I can sort of understand where the real pivot points in the income statement exist. So is this a fair characterization, I mean what we're going to see is sustained, but relatively low growth a little bit of margin benefit as asset yields outpace changes in cost of funds and operating and provision benefits relative to the prior year as the primary drivers of EPS growth, is that basically correct?
Scott Blackley: Hey, Eric, I think that when it comes to margin, I think that what I would say is, if you look at our sensitivities to further rate changes. We're basically neutral to imply forward. So I don't anticipate that you should expect a benefit with Capital One from further rate. In fact, we're slightly liability sensitive and so that that can be that's again - that's in a shock scenario. So we're slightly liability sensitive there and then I would also add that we are sensitive to the shape of the curve. So if we were to see a slightly flatter curve that also can create a headwind perhaps to net interest margin. And then I think when it comes to operating efficiency, as Rich just said that's something that we've given guidance that we believe over time that's a metric that we will see trend down. We've mentioned that we anticipate increasing our marketing spend versus 2017. And then on the growth side, I think I would just characterize that as we think that we've got a pretty good competitive environment to compete, and so we're not going to see kind of the same growth rates that we were able to kind of in the 2014, 2015, 2016. We think that there's an opportunity for us to have healthy and reasonable growth.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks and if I can just follow-up on one point. I was trying to calculate the marginal cost of deposits and it looks like the delta there in cost was about 33 basis points and Fed funds were up about 34 over the course of the quarter. Is that - is my math is in the ballpark?
Scott Blackley: I think that you're in the ballpark in terms of total costs. Certainly, we had a number of - we talk a little bit about the wholesale funding going is being indexed to the short end of the curve three month LIBOR. So that picked up all of the change there. So basically a data one and then we also had some higher rates moving up in our commercial business as well as some of the more competitive aspects of savings in CDs. So those were all the things that contributed to that that move up in average deposit pricing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kenneth Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce: Thank you and good evening. I'd like to ask a question on credit and look I understand you're trying to get out of giving any direct guidance and so I won't ask for that. But if we look back at the last couple years of growth and you pointed out that there was inflated growth continue through 2016. There is also a pretty significant shift in the mix of Capital One's business towards [sub 650 FICO], and that has come off pretty dramatically off - over the last few quarter. So is it fair to assume that as we look forward that slower growth in that subprime portfolio should begin to accelerate the - if you will the improvement or the downward pressure from there kind of reverse growth math over the next call it 18 months?
Richard Fairbank: Ken, I probably - I mean mechanically what you say would be the way things would work at the subprime mix, goes down and we have seen the subprime mix has declined recently, I do want to say Cabela's is a pretty significant contributor to that impact. These are also numbers that are like rounded off to the nearest integer kind of thing and I wouldn't want you to take away that things have changed relative to the mix of Capital One business. I think things are very similar to how they've been for a long period of time most of our pull back around the edges was like you all are revolver business is in a way just trying to be cautious in the context and industry getting a little bit carried away. While continue into pretty intensely go after the top of the marketplace. So I think things are going to be pretty consistent from the mix point of view as a general observation, but that number will bounce around and Cabela's has brought it down relative to the highs from a couple of quarters ago.
Kenneth Bruce: Great. And our math would support that just the growth that you had in 2016 in particular is going to actually start to give you some of downward pressure on loss rates into 2018, so we're bit more optimistic about that that maybe you, my follow-up question is on the…?
Richard Fairbank: Ken, answer, can I? The one thing I wouldn't take to the bank because I don't take it to our bank is the vintage, vintages in general I think the way to think about vintages is that for a couple of years there are very clearly sort of bad guys and then there's kind of a stabilization and then there's this kind of over the rest of its life all other things being equally very gradual kind of positive right. So one thing that I've always been struck by is each vintage has a different personality that where it actually peaks the exact timing of when they turn. So I wouldn't lean in too hard to any particular vintage and count on that being a big contributor. But all of that said, the physics - number one, when I've come out with this growth math term, I've said look I can't be precise about exact timing at magnitude of things, but it's sort of physics. The physics works as you're saying. I just wouldn't lean in too hard on any one vintage really being a significant contributor to this year's performance, particularly 2016, which is the youngest of the three that I talked about in the surge. Anyway, sorry go ahead I interrupted.
Kenneth Bruce: Yes. No, caution noted. I guess that my follow-up is just if CECL is going to create this potential capital event, would do you think about changing the mix of business that you were willing to do based on the potential like a loan loss expectations that had to go into that math?
Richard Fairbank: Yes and the one thing I would just say about CECL. I think CECL is going to have an impact on a number of different asset classes. I don't think this is just something to be worried about with whether it's card or auto for us. When I look at it's really going to have an impact on any type of asset that has a long life where you're going to have to extend your coverage from what's a one or two year coverage window to a life time window. I think with card, one of the challenges with card is because it's a revolving asset and with CECL you're setting an allowance based on the outstanding balance. We may see that card isn't the asset class that's most impacted by CECL. But I think that the biggest challenges for CECL that I see are if you're going in and out of a cycle, it's really going to be pro cyclical and it's going to really put a challenge for all banks, not just Capital One for all banks. I think it's going to disincentive wise loan growth in tough times. Sorry to carry on there, but I think those are - they're broader impact than just in Capital One.
Scott Blackley: But Ken I actually want to follow-up on the strategic spirit of your question. If you pull up on frankly the Credit Card business in general, subprime cards in particular. The tax on them if you will over time is pretty striking the capital requirements that have continued to build the stress test, modeling about that business, because it's a higher loss business, the front loading and then with FAS 166/167 bringing all that into front loading, the impact of a rapid growth in the business then you bring the CECL effect. This is a lot of tax on the business. What is clear to us we have to make sure that that we are risk adjusted return in the business like this is robust and resilient to all of this. I'm hopeful over time that that a rational industry incorporates these things I mean these things should show up in the form of higher required returns, higher pricing for the risk and things like that. One thing it does do is scare off a lot of players who dabble in this space and so I think it's pretty clear that people are going to have to really - I think that that people are going to have to really be good at this in order to do it and be very successful. But I think it is worth taking note on how much the tax on really most consumer lending in general has gone up in the banking business and now look in the end as markets equilibrate over time, I feel that that in the nature of our potential competitive advantage is the same. But we can't get there by just going in and doing the same thing and making the same assumptions we've done that we used to do and we ourselves have to ask it to deliver even more given the tax on it.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our final question tonight comes from Chris Brendler with Buckingham Research Group.
Chris Brendler: Hi, thanks. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I think just focus on the non-interest income in the Card business for a moment, I think you mentioned the strong net interchange growth, but I think you've had some FX in this one and before anything to call out in that strong double-digit growth, the interchange either on the interchange reward side that's driving that. And as well that the service line, service fees and that statement as well sort of speeds are up for the first time in a long time I think you can pulling back on some of those credit products other to a non-leading related fees in the Card business and looks like that may reflected as well if you just had any insights on those to be the great things?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, why don't I just start up on service charge? The service charges when you're looking at that on the year-over-year basis just remember that last year, we had a UK PPI charge that was around 37 million that impacted Q1 2017. So that's impacting that period-over-period and I just also mentioned that as part of the new accounting standard that we adopted. We reclassified about $18 million of FX related fees that used to run at the contrary to the service and got moved down into the operating expenses and so that's impacting Q1, but not in any of the prior period. So that's - it's really just some of the mechanical things that are impacting that trend line as opposed to core business things. Chris on the interchange side, we - as you've seen for years really the growth in purchase volume has well outstripped the growth in interchange revenues. Second thing I think has been very striking and it's what's behind your question is this number bounces all over the place and it's almost in any one quarter and especially be looking at growth rates any one quarter not only does that quarter bounce, but we're comparing it to a year-ago quarter that had its own bouncing dynamics to it. So I think it's kind of structural in the marketplace that the interchange growth is less than the growth in purchase volume because of the growing competitiveness of the marketplace and the growing penetration of great rewards products to all the players including Capital One, broader customer bases. But I also pleased to see though that even in the tremendously intense interchange race that we are - I mean the rewards competition that we see that it is the case if you pull way up from this bouncing ball. You see that year-after-year Capital One's been posting pretty solid net interchange growth in the face of all of this competition and all the moves to extend into broader parts of our customer base, and I think that that's a manifestation of the fact that. While we're competing very intensely, we keep our pencils very sharp and to make sure that's a collective economics of what we're booking is something that can really reward us over time. And we continue to believe in the economics of this franchise, we're investing so heavily in this top of the market spender business. And I think that - while this is a particularly high quarter and I wouldn't take that one to the bank. I think that the fact that there is real interchange growth is real.
Chris Brendler: Great. Thanks. If I could ask one follow-up on credits in a different way and so looking at the loss rate, looking at the provision expense and reserve building, subprime loans in the mix you mentioned is actually - they are actually down on a dollar basis, so it's includes the Cabela's as a fact. Subprime is gone negative, our delinquencies are negative, loss rates are improving, and growth is slow. Any reason why reserve building shouldn't continue to slow from here in the card business?
Scott Blackley: Chris thanks for the question. Look, I would just say that when it comes to the reserve that's a really dynamic process. You know that a small changes in expectations, given that we've got $100 billion card portfolio, a 10 basis point move. There's a $100 million of allowance, and so I think that there are a number of forces. Rich talked about all the dynamics that will impact our overall loss rate. And those are really the things that I think we'll be looking for to drive the allowance going forward as well as just the amount of growth that we're putting on the balance sheet.
Jeff Norris: That concludes our call and our Q&A session for this evening. Thank you very much for joining us on this conference call today. And thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, if you have further questions, the Investor Relations team will be here after the call. Have a great night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Scott Blackley - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Don Fandetti - Wells Fargo Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Chris Brendler - Buckingham Rick Shane - JPMorgan Bill Carcache - Nomura Instinet Ashish Sabadra - Deutsche Bank Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse John Pancari - Evercore Ken Bruce - Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Q4 2017 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's fourth quarter 2017 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2017 results. With me this evening is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks, Jeff. Turning to slide three, I will cover results for the quarter. In the fourth quarter, Capital One posted a net loss of $971 million or a loss of $2.17 per share. Excluding adjusting items we earned a $1.62 per share in the fourth quarter and $7.74 for the full year of 2017. Adjusting items in the quarter, which can be seen on slide 14 in the appendix of tonight's slide deck, included the following: $1.77 billion or $3.61 per share of tax expense related to the impacts of the tax act. $76 million or $0.10 per share of restructuring expenses largely related to the shutdown of our mortgage originations business. And $31 million or $0.07 per share from the build in our U.K. payment protection insurance customer refund reserve. In addition to the adjusting items in the quarter, I’d also like to highlight a few notable items that also impacted the quarter. $169 million or $0.22 per share of charges for a mortgage rep and warranty settlement which is included in our discontinued operations. $113 million or $0.15 per share of charges related to our Commercial Taxi Medallion lending portfolio. Before I go into our results for the quarter, I’d like to spend a minute on a few tax reform items which are highlighted on slide four. The total net impact of tax reform on Q4 earnings was $1.8 billion of which the biggest piece was the DTA write-down reflecting the change in the federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%. For 2018, we expect our annual effective tax rate to be around 19% plus or minus. I’ll caution that since tax reform was only recently passed there is still the potential for adjustments to all of our current tax related estimates. Pre-provision GAAP earnings decreased 5% on a linked quarter basis. Provision for credit losses increased 5% on a linked quarter basis as a smaller allowance build compared to the third quarter was more than offset by higher charge-offs. We have provided an allowance roll-forward by business segment, which can be found on table 8 of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in our allowance across our businesses. In our domestic Card business, we built $118 million of allowance in the quarter driven by seasonally adjusted growth and the effects of the small tail of growth math on credit losses in 2018.  Allowance in our consumer banking segment increased $29 million in the quarter. The allowance in the quarter was driven by a planned accounting change to accelerate timing of charge-offs of repossessed vehicles which was partially offset by an allowance release as hurricane-related losses came in lower than our prior estimate. Net reserves in our commercial banking segment were impacted by our move of a significant portion of our Taxi Medallion business to held for sale. We’ve marked that portfolio to our estimate of a reasonable market clearing price and coupled with other Taxi related adjustments, this drove provision expense of $113 million in the quarter. In the quarter we settled the mortgage rep and warranty litigation matter which drove a loss of $160 million -- $169 million in discontinued operations. With this settlement, we have closed all of the material active litigation from our legacy rep and warranty related exposures. Turning to full year 2017 results, Capital One earned $4.1 billion or $7.74 per share on an adjusted basis. Adjusted pre-provision earnings of $13.4 billion were up 11% year-over-year as higher revenue more than offset higher non-interest expense. Net income for 2017 on an adjusted basis was up 4% as higher pre-provision earnings more than offset higher provision for credit losses. Full year efficiency ratio was 51% excluding adjusting items down from 53% in 2016. Turning to slide five, you can see that reported net interest margin was down 5% or five basis points from the third quarter primarily driven by lower domestic card yields from the full quarter impact of the Cabela’s portfolio, as well as slightly higher rate paid on consumer deposits. Net interest margin was up 18 basis points on a year-over-year basis primarily driven by higher mix of card assets on the balance sheet and the benefits from higher short-term interest rates. Turning to slide six on common equity tier 1 capital ratio, on a Basel III Standardized basis was 10.3% which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.2%. We continue to believe that CET 1 under stress is our binding constraint. After digesting the effects of tax reform and adjusting our capital plan, we believe our CET 1 ratio on a fully phased in basis will trend back towards the mid-10% range. Lastly, we submitted our capital plan to the Federal Reserve at the end of December, while we cannot comment on any aspect of our regulatory feedback we are committed to addressing the Federal Reserve’s concern with our capital planning process. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Scott. I’ll begin on slide 10 with fourth quarter results for our domestic card business, which include a full quarter of impacts from the addition of the Cabela’s portfolio. The run rate Cabela’s impact on charge-off rate, delinquency rate and revenue margin played out as expected in the fourth quarter. Ending loan balances were up $8.2 billion or about 8% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding Cabela’s, ending loans grew about 2%. Fourth-quarter purchase volume increased 15% from the prior year. Excluding Cabela’s, purchase volume increased about 8%. Revenue for the quarter increased 4% from the prior year; revenue margin for the quarter was 16%, down 73 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2016, driven by the expected 65 basis point impact from Cabela’s. Non-interest expense increased 1% compared to the prior year quarter. The efficiency of our domestic card business continues to improve. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 5.08% and the 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 4.01%. Excluding Cabela’s, the charge-off rate was 5.36% and the 30 plus delinquency rate was 4.18%. The full year 2017 charge-off rate was 4.99%. Excluding Cabela’s, the charge-off rate was 5.07%. In the second half of 2017 we’ve seen the effects of growth math moderate and we continue to expect a small tail in 2018. As growth math runs its course, we expect that our delinquency and charge-off rate trends will be driven more by broader industry and economic factors. Slide 11 summarizes fourth-quarter results for our consumer banking business. Ending loans grew about $2 billion or 3% compared to the prior year. Average loans were up $2.6 billion or 4%. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up $3.9 billion or 2% versus the prior year with a 12 basis point increase in deposit rate paid compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. In the quarter, we exited the mortgage originations business. We determine that our originations business did not have sufficient scale to be competitive in a market where scale really matters. Scott discussed the adjusting item related to our exit, which runs through the other category. While fourth-quarter auto originations were down 5% compared to the prior year quarter, the auto business continues to grow with Ending loans up 13% year-over-year. Competitive intensity in auto is increasing, but we still see attractive opportunities to grow. We remain cautious about used-car prices and our underwriting assumes that prices decline. As the cycle plays out, we continue to expect the charge-off rate will increase gradually and loan growth will moderate. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased about 9% from the fourth quarter of last year driven by growth in auto loans as well as deposit spread and volumes. Non-interest expense for the quarter decreased 3% compared to the prior year quarter driven by our ongoing efforts to tightly manage cost. Provision for credit losses was down from the fourth quarter of 2016 primarily as the result of a smaller allowance build. Compared to the sequential quarter, provision for credit losses increased, driven by additions to the allowance that Scott discussed. Moving to slide 12 I’ll discuss our commercial banking business. Fourth quarter Ending loan balances decreased $2.3 billion or 3% year-over-year driven by our choice to streamline and pullback in several less attractive business segments, late year pay downs on agency multifamily loans and the write-down of Taxi Medallion loans. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 average loans increased 1% and revenue was up 2%. Non-interest expense was up 11% primarily as the result of technology investments foreclosed asset expense related to the Taxi portfolio and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses was $100 million up $34 million from the fourth quarter of last year. Scott already discussed the fourth-quarter impacts from the decision to move most of the Taxi Medallion portfolio to held for sale. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 85 basis points. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 4.1% down 20 basis points from the third quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate was 0.4% down 80 basis points from the third quarter. The ongoing recovery in oil and gas markets has improved the credit performance of our oil and gas business. We’ve seen our E&P portfolio return to health but we continue to see credit pressure in oilfield services. We’ve provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves and other metrics for the oil and gas portfolios on slide 17. Capital One continued to post year-over-year growth in loans, deposits, revenues and pre-provision earnings. We continued to tightly manage cost even as we invest to grow and drive our digital transformation, and we continued to carefully manage risk across all our consumer and commercial banking businesses. We met our guidance for 2017 coming in at the high end of our domestic card charge-off rate guidance, the low-end of our total company efficiency ratio guidance and delivering 7.4% growth in EPS net of adjustments. Our 2017 results put us in a strong position as we enter the New Year. Loan growth decelerated in 2017, but we still see opportunities to book attractive and resilient loans in our card, auto and commercial banking businesses. Marketing was down a bit in 2017. We expect marketing in 2018 will be higher than 2017. On the credit front, the impact of growth math on our overall charge-off rate began to moderate in the second half of 2017, and we expect a small tail of growth math in 2018. As growth math runs its course, we expect that our domestic card charge-off rate trends will be driven more by broader industry and economic factors. Our efficiency ratio improved significantly in 2017. Over the long term, we continue to believe we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gain. We expect the new tax law will also give us a significant boost. In the near term, we expect a majority of the tax benefits will fall to the bottom line. Why only a majority? I believe markets behave in predictable ways passing some of the benefit from companies to consumers and the economy. A surge in tax benefits as a way of working its way into the marketplace through increasing competition including higher levels of marketing, lower prices and higher wages. Responding to these actions will likely consume some of the tax benefit in 2018, and these competitive effects will likely increase over time. As all these effects play out, we will continue to lean into our long-standing investments in talent, technology, innovation and growth. We are bullish about the long-term benefits of our investments. Taking all of this into account, we expect that our current trajectory, coupled with the new tax law will enable us to accelerate 2018 EPS growth net of adjustments and assuming no substantial adverse change in the broader economic or credit cycles. Pulling up, in 2017 we advanced our quest to build an enduringly great franchise with the scale, brand, capabilities and infrastructure to succeed as the digital revolution transforms our industry and our society. We made strategic moves to position our businesses for long-term success. We continued to grow and serve customers with ingenuity and humanity. Our digital and technology transformation is accelerating, and we delivered solid near-term financial results for shareholders while investing in our future. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth and returns as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval and market conditions.  Now, Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, investor relations team will be available after the call. Leanne, please start the Q&A
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hey good evening guys. Rich, maybe you could expand a little bit on the last comment regarding accelerating EPS. I guess, one, would that exclude the benefits of tax. And when I look back on 2017, you may 7.74 yet there was almost $0.50 of notable items, you had business exits like mortgage [indiscernible], so can you maybe discuss or give us a little bit more color on the components of the accelerating EPS? And I have one follow up.
Scott Blackley: Ryan, this is Scott. I’m going to start and talk about the kind of some of the items that were in 2017. If you think about it, there’s -- in this business we always have a few things that come and go. We make decisions about trade-offs along the way. So we feel like 7.74 is a good benchmark to start our guidance for 2018. Beyond that, I would just say that we call those items out as notable because I think they are important for you to understand kind of the trends but as I mentioned, I think there’s trade-offs that we make along the way when we look at those kinds of things. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: So Ryan as you know, we typically do not give EPS guidance, and we are not giving a specific 2018 EPS forecast. In the prior quarter we told you that we expected solid EPS growth and then tax reform passed, which is clearly a good guy for EPS growth, although we expect the benefit to make its way into the marketplace over time. The timing of how that plays out is hard to predict. So all said, we expect that our current trajectory coupled with the new tax law will enable us to accelerate 2018 EPS growth net of adjustments, and assuming no substantial adverse change in the broader economic or credit cycles.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Maybe I could on a different point, so when I think about some of the comments that you made on credits, we have growth math fading, last quarter, there was mention of back book normalization, you have Cabela’s plus the impact of tax reform should be positive. So we heard from another issuer that some of their recent vintages have been, have been getting better, so while I understand that you don’t want to give credit guidance or for EPS guidance, can you maybe just talk about how you are thinking in terms of credit going forward, and that and I guess a small piece for Scott, you talked about a small piece from growth math and seasonal growth how should we think about reserves going forward? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: So yes, we’ve said that in 2018 growth math still has a small upward tail. And then eventually it becomes actually a good guy in the long run. The earlier vintages of our front book, vintage 2014 and 2015 have stabilized and eventually they’ll start coming down gradually as I mean that would be our expectation. Now of course losses on the newer vintages of our front book 2016 and after which are earlier in their seasoning process are still increasing. So when we take the blend of all of that the risk of the overall front book is still increasing modestly in 2018. But we are getting pretty close to the point when maturation on earlier vintages of growth fully offsets the impact of newer growth and this is all again kind of what we call growth math.
Richard Fairbank: Ryan, just to come to your last question on reserves, from here going forward I think that the biggest drivers of what’s going to impact the allowance as Rich said, really are the things that are going to be impacting our overall loss rate, which are broader industry events in trends, economic factors and the growth that we have during each period.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you, good evening. Maybe to approach Ryan questions a little bit differently. When we think about expenses in 2018, I think Rich you talked about the efficiency ratio and Scott that 51% and the fact that marketing might go higher, could you talk about how that efficiency ratio might trend through 2018 as you are reinvesting a little bit of the upside from tax?
Richard Fairbank: Well my primary comment about tax, the tax effect was how we think over time, and I’ve seen if - I think there are some parallels that I’ve seen in the past of how these things have a way of making their way into the marketplace. So again that one we’ll have to see over time. With respect to the efficiency ratio, we’ve been working so hard on this, and it’s kind of a blend of what I might call old school and new school progress, old school being just the classic really work hard and drive every penny of savings, and new school of course really is leveraging the benefits of the extraordinary technology transformation that is literally going to change everything about how the industry works. It’s certainly going to change everything about how Capital One works and change how the business works, how the customer interaction model works, and it will affect how we work, and the nature of our underlying operating model. Now that takes many, many years. That’s a continuous evolving process, but we’ve seen 300 basis points over the last couple of years of benefits. And that that’s a blend of the old school and new school kind of thing. We don’t have any -- we are not making any specific guidance about 2018, and frankly efficiency ratio can vary in any given year. But I think over the long run, we continue to believe that we can achieve gradual efficiency improvements driven by growth and the many types of productivity gains that come from technology transformation.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And maybe on credit quality just specifically when we think about where the opportunities might arise going forward I mean is there a greater opportunity go a little bit more downmarket as a result of some of the tax benefits in terms of profitability. I mean, can that impact credit quality as we look ahead. And then just to clarify on Taxi Medallion, I mean should we expect, that that portfolio will be sold and there wouldn’t be any major impacts going forward?
Scott Blackley: Yes, why don’t I start with the Taxi Medallion? So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we put the majority of that book in held for sale. That means that I’ve got an expectation that we are going to be able to sell that within a reasonable period of time. We marked it at a price that we thought was a reasonable estimate of where that would clear the market. So while we’ll have to see where that settles out we feel pretty good that we’ve put that risk principally behind us, and that we won’t be talking about that any further. But again, that’s a portfolio that at this point it’s going to be carried at the lower cost to market. And so if we did see any adjustments, we would make those along the way.
Richard Fairbank: With respect to the tax reform, the impact on the U.S. consumer and maybe specifically the subprime consumer, I’ll give you just a few thoughts on that. I think, it’s hard to predict how this will play out. If likely there will be positive effects, both to the consumer and to the broader economy. While there is some direct benefits to the consumer, I think with respect to this particular tax reform the primary benefits of this are indirect, and they are going to play out over time, and in many ways it’s a little bit a flip side of the same coin of what I was saying with respect to what happens to the tax windfall relative the company, and I believe firmly that it’s just overtime makes its way into the marketplace in for in terms of more competition, lower pricing, higher wages, more investment and these things do have an impact on consumers. Now with respect to the subprime consumer, it’s possible that this might have a stronger impact. More subprime borrowers struggle with day-to-day expenses and modest increases in wages, and take-home pay will likely have a somewhat differential impact. But I think we shouldn’t exaggerate this impact because many subprime book borrowers are doing well in the current economy with relatively solid incomes. So we are not baking any impacts into our outlooks for subprime credit although we are certainly hopeful that tax reforms will have a benefit. I do want to put a cautionary note relative to the credit opportunity and that is because my primary point about tax reform and trying to predict how it plays out is one of predicting competitive effects and the way things move into the marketplace. I think the biggest driver, I mean, other than very big changes in the economy, the biggest driver of our appetite to grow credit and particularly in this segment is really driven by the supply and demand – the supply and demand that we see in the credit marketplace. And if we look back to the -- I think there's an interesting lesson. I myself want to go off -- go back and dusted off a little bit from the 2005 bankruptcy reform. The 2005 bankruptcy reform created somewhat of a windfall in the marketplace. And what in that period of time now of course there were lot of factors going on. But we saw that windfall make its way into the marketplace in the form of more up marketing, more aggressive pricing and frankly in that particular case also, and again there are other things going on, more aggressive underwriting. And so, at the end of the day the competitive intensity became problematic. So, I think – so we’re going to have to see how this thing plays out, but we are not putting into our credit forecasts or really our business growth forecast, the direct impact of this because we’re going to watch as it plays out. But if I pull up, I'm hopeful that we can find similar growth opportunities in the near-term by overall how the marketplace appears to us and one factor would be this one.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Don Fandetti: Hi, Rich. If you look at the December domestic card delinquencies on a year-to-year basis, they actually improved a little bit again in December. Can you talk a little bit about how you see that trending? And then, I think in the past on the charge-off rate in card you sort of have called it out when you expect it move. So is no news, good news meaning that maybe you could come hang out around this sort of five -- low 5% range?
Richard Fairbank: So, Don, I think that our domestic card charge-off rate increased on a month-over-month basis by 21 basis points between November and December. And that's kind of in line with what we would expect from normal seasonality. Now when things come in just consistent with seasonality, that's a good thing because there is also other effects, growth math and things going on, so we certainly saw that as a good month. On a year-over-year basis the increase in our December losses was a few basis points more than December, I mean, more the November, excuse me, but the underlying trend of moderating year-over-year increases is clear. So it’s another month of performance that's consistent with our own expectations of how growth math works. But with every month that plays out we like the confirmation of that and so we view it as a good thing. But I again noticed our guidance about a small tail of growth math etcetera. Our commentary on this is really unchanged from the last quarter and frankly several quarters, but this is certainly playing out consistent with how we would've expected.
Don Fandetti: Got it. We were sort of looking ex Cabela's on the delinquencies, but quickly on the auto delinquencies, it looks like they were up a good bit year-over-year? Was there some type of one-time adjustment?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. On auto nonperforming loan side there was an impact of -- we made an accounting adjustment to include some of the repossessed assets as loans, we move those at other, that’s impacting that. I don't think that I can recall anything otherwise that would impact DQs particularly in the quarter.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, I think our own view of the data we see over the -- the monthly data we've seen this quarter is consistent with our view that we've been talking about that, I think the auto business is really performing quite well from -- and probably the industry right at this moment performing quite well. From a credit point of view, we worry about the things that the risk that are out there like used car prices in particular and possibly a increase in competitive activity, but for right now my observation is the auto marketplace is in a pretty good place competitively. The competitive intensity steps up a bit in the fourth quarter which is why our origination volume was down off the kind of unusually high levels of a year ago where the competition had backed off quite a bit. But I think we're still seeing generally performance that’s consistent with the middle of the cycle and something that confirms our own confidence and happiness about our own choices and are performance.
Jeff Norris: Now, next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good evening. How are you?
Richard Fairbank: Hi, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Two questions. One just on the growth math, how much growth math do you think was in this quarter versus the prior quarter, I’m just trying to understand if we saw some deceleration already that you’re looking for?
Richard Fairbank: We are seeing deceleration, but my point is not so much a – well, I mean, yes, we've seen it in the second half. We saw the deceleration in the third quarter. I'm speaking of our growth math itself and that's the impact on the year-over-year loss rate driven by our front book. So, we saw deceleration in the third quarter and again on the fourth quarter. So, I mean, every quarter there’s small effect, but it's all part of the natural phenomenon here and I think that's why we expect a small tail in 2018.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then just the follow-up on the use of the tax benefit, you are in a position where you could have pretty important impact on your earnings if you ratchet up the marketing. And I get your point that in prior periods when you had one-time changes, there was lot of heavy competition that might not have had a long tail benefit to it, but we're in a different spot now with the pretty permanent decline in the tax rate. So, I’m just wondering if you think that -- given that more permanent tax rate change doesn't make us to wait and see what others do or take a leader position in trying to get that incremental customer in the door with a stepped-up marketing program? Why wait to see what the competitors do?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Betsy, I think that we have a hypothesis about how this thing plays out over time. I think we already carried into -- on Capital One we carry an investment agenda that we believe very much in and that we will continue to invest in. I think we feel pretty good about the growth opportunities that are there. We’re going to take advantage of them. But I think we are going to – we’re going to continue doing the kind of things that we've been doing. And my primary point -- my kind of two points about the tax law is, one, we’re reluctant to give guidance to investors about how much this is going to drop to the bottom line because I think it will have a way over time to make its way into the marketplace. And of course we’re going to need to respond to that. And my other point is that, I think there will be impacts that it has on the consumer and I think in the near term particularly some of those may be good, but I think what -- we already feel pretty good about our growth opportunities. Marketing is going to be a little up over last year and we’re going to just watch very carefully how this plays out. I'm struck by others who say -- who are so confident about what percent of the tax impact is going to fall to the bottom line because I don't feel that we have that particular ability to predict this because I think it's the marketplace thing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Buckingham.
Chris Brendler: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. I just like to talk about the domestic card for a second, growth ex Cabela's has slowed down to low single digits, it’s obviously a competitive market but you're still out there with this pretty aggressive marketing on both the Quicksilver and Venture products. Is that something that you expected to rebound in 2018? Or is just a new normal? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Well, I think you've seen our purchase volume metrics there and purchase volume growth continues to be pretty strong. The slower growth of Capital One outstandings is probably partly a comment on the marketplace a little bit, but the direct impact to the marketplace, but I think it's more so a comment about the choices that we have made. So I want to you know we kind of think back to the last -- really back to 2014 in sort of early to mid 2014 we said that we anticipate an outsized growth benefit and told the marketplace we expected to grow significantly. And in the second half of 2014, all through 2015 and into 2016 we grew pretty much at the top of the league tables. Around that time, we started flagging that we are concerned about certain supply -- competitive supply issues out there. We’re very carefully monitoring what's going on in our own metrics. And we started to dial back a bit. Not a huge dial back, but dial back progressively around the edges in 2016. In early 2017 you remember when we said that we saw in our own data and in industry data a gapping out of vintage curves a bit. In the second quarter 2016 vintage and we said it striking that it happened, but it's not surprising because this is sort of the natural effect. So, over this period of time we have been as the marketplace has been increasing in supply we have dial back and want to be sure that we can get confirmation about exactly where that read is with respect to the consumer and the impact of competition. Over the course of this year competitive intensity has settled out a little bit. Supply -- the growth of our revolving credit, it has slowed down. It’s still above GDP growth of course, but I think there are a number of signs that things are settling out a little bit and that's a good sign. What we worry about is whether things rapidly go toward a bad place competitively and I don't think that is happening. So hopefully there will be a little more growth opportunity next year than there was this year. But I think mostly the numbers on the outstanding side that you see from Capital One are really a reflection of choices on our part and the actual -- the marketing that we’re doing and the products that we are selling we feel very good about it and I think are generating nice results.
Chris Brendler: Great. Thanks. And then my follow-up, I’ll ask about deposits, the consumer deposit cost picked up little bit this quarter. You also saw some decent growth in the consumer deposits. I guess the question all time about your online deposit business and how robust that business is and how sensible is to rising rates. My sense is its doing pretty well. It's hard to see with your current disclosures. Can you just talk about the deposit pricing environment and what you see going forward little bit of focus on online versus offline? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Yes. I think if you want to understand Capital One on the deposit side, I think the first thing I would say is just study direct banking and study local banking because we’re blend of the two. And we -- our deposit pricing will reflect that blend overtime. And for example, at the end of last year we made some pricing moves and a little bit at the beginning of this year that will make their way into our numbers as we make sure on the direct side of the business that we stay in a reasonably competitive place. The other thing to understand about Capital One as you think about our deposit business is that we overtime are working to build the national business. We overtime have brought in -- we have grown a lot, our outstandings have grown a lot both from organic growth but also from acquisitions like the GE Healthcare acquisition, the Cabela's acquisition. So if you look at the deposit-to-loan ratio it's on the low end of sort of our norms and overtime we would expect that to grow because their assets have grown, they will be growing and we’re building a national banking capability. The reason I mention that is that pretty much any bank who is looking to grow its deposits quite a bit will end up paying up more for deposits in a bank who is at the high end of the deposit-to-loan ratio. So it's really not just an issue of what somebody's beta is, it's really kind of – its kind of a -- its the double strategic question of what beta of a business is and what is the growth appetite and needs of that particular business.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Rick Shane: Thanks guys for taking my question. Hey, Scott, one of things that jumped out to me is that the tax rate that you’re suggesting for 2018 substantially lower than many of the other companies we’ve spoken. I assume that this is a reflection of differences between GAAP and tax accounting. And I'm specifically wondering if this is another signal that charge-offs which drive tax are going to potentially exceed provision which drives GAAP?
Scott Blackley: Rick, I think actually the answer is a bit simpler than that. If you think about Capital One virtually the lion share of our income is from U.S. sources. And so taking down the domestic tax rate from 35 to 21 was a huge tailwind for us, because that impacts the lion share of our income. And then on top of that if you think about we do have some tax-advantaged assets that we own that generate some credits and that's what takes the fully loaded rate inclusive of kind of the stack cost down to the 19% level. So, I don't think there's more to it than that simple explanation.
Rick Shane: Got it. It’s interesting because, historically, your tax rates been a little bit lower, but this is substantially lower. Just one quick follow-up question, the $62 adjusted number, does that include or exclude the discontinued operations?
Richard Fairbank: The $62 excludes discontinued operations. And you can see -- we got a slide there in the appendix that gives you the specifics of what we adjust out.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Nomura Instinet.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening. Rich, if we see year-over-year change in delinquencies that you talked about earlier actually turned negative which doesn't seem that far-fetched given that we were at 70 basis points year-over-year change back in February down to the kind of like around six now. And I wonder if you could maybe help us think about whether that could actually provide a basis for releasing reserves, all else equal?
Richard Fairbank: So, one thing I want to say as you look at the year-over-year change in delinquencies, of course, think about the Cabela's impact that will be in the new numbers and not in a year ago's numbers, so all the way up until the fall basically the fall of next year they will sort of the that effect, so we’ll have to keep that one in mind. So, the year-over-year change in delinquencies or charge-offs or any of these are going to be driven really by a combination of growth math and industry factors. The good news is the growth math is reaching the latter stages of being a bad guy if you will. Long run we think it can be a gradual good guy. But of course we have the industry effect that I don't want know to -- I want to make sure we shine a little bit of light on that. We’ve talked about in the last couple of quarters, earnings calls about back book. If you look at -- if you want to get probably the purest, look at sort of industry effects, just go to the securitization trust and just look at everybody’s back books. And what you will see is for many years the back book -- everybody's back books were a good guy relative they were improving year-over-year. And what striking if you graph the year-over-year change in people's back book delinquencies and also charge-offs you just see this packed kind of set of lines that goes from the negative below the horizontal axis which is a good thing and it just moves over time to the horizontal axis and even in the last year it has been above that which is a nerdy way to say it's gone from being a good guy to a little bit of a bad guy. So there are industry effects. It's very natural that at this stage of the cycle there would be industry effect. And the other thing for each issuer than is on top of whatever happens with each of our back books is to think about what's happening to everybody's front books. Capital One is I think a little benefited by the fact that we’re farther along in that particular journey than some of the other players, but it is through the everybody's front book that most of the industry normalization happens because it is-- the credit hungry people that get the new accounts and then that tends to be right there at the frontier of how normalization happens. So, we believe there is an industry effect that is happening. We expect it will continue and we’ll have to -- and how that thing plays out relative to the growth math going from overtime for us from a bad guy to a neutral guy, to a good guy. That’s going to in the end drive our overall credit numbers.
Bill Carcache: Thanks Rich. And if I could just follow-up, it seems like that all the discussion around the things we’re talking about with delinquencies bode well for revenue suppression. Can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the trajectory I guess on revenue margin? I think there's a lot of focus on slowing growth and the impact that that's having on the top line. But I wonder just if there are some offsetting benefits that we should also be thinking about kind of along those lines. Any thoughts would be helpful? Thanks.
Scott Blackley: Yes, Bill, this is Scott. So, certainly suppression is been driven by the same set of factors that have been impacting the credit metrics and the allowance. So as those start to moderate, I think that we would certainly expect that suppression will also be driven by broader industry factors and the things that are impacting our overall loss rate.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Ashish Sabadra with Deutsche Bank.
Ashish Sabadra: Thanks. My question was about, when I look at the portfolio, the subprime portfolio has continue to come down from 37% earlier in the year to 34% to end the year in the fourth quarter. Should we -- given the underwriting refinements that you've done, should continue to see that trend continue going forward? And then just as we think about when the growth is coming from higher credit score does that change the shift between transactors and revolvers and any implications of those on the loan yield? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Ashish, I think that -- I don't think there's any big news with respect to what's happening to the subprime mix Capital One. I mean, how many years has it been that we’ve been generally around the third? That number did rise during the growth surge of 2014 through 2016, that number rose, and I think it's headed back to little bit more normal levels. So on inside Capital One and the conversations we’re having, we don't see a big mix conversation happening in every segment and sub-segment we look at the market and see what it has to give us. And there was a little bit more a few years ago and I think now it's probably more just to kind of normal mix. With respect to transactor versus revolver, that is not much about subprime mix. That is really most driven by the growth in heavy spenders and the success of our efforts to drive purchase volume. And when you look at that growth rate and for many years now it's been outstripping the growth rate of outstandings, it's a manifestation that the transactor component depending how you define it, that mix of transactor and basically spender inside our portfolio is growing over time.
Ashish Sabadra: That’s helpful. And then just regarding the window of opportunity and my understanding you’ve start, sounded cautious and looking at the competitive environment there. But what are the metrics that you’re watching for in particular? Is there anything like you called out a couple of them? So given that competitors have been burned in the second half of 2016 with aggressive promotions? Do you think the large issuers will be a lot more cautious this time around? Or will they take the benefit of the windfall? So just any more color on that front? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Well, I tend to simplistically look at the marketplace as the revolver marketplace and the spender marketplace. And they are two different marketplaces. Certainly, the most intense one competitively is the spender marketplace. And we have just seen sort of steady ratcheting up of rewards and other forms of giveaways, very striking what has happened over the last few years with respect to upfront bonuses, and also by the way that some of the co-brand products and the little bit of an arms race there with respect to some of their offerings, all of this has happen on a pretty gradually intensifying basis over the last several years. To your point though, I think it has moderated a bit. Certainly the early spender bonus has moderated a little bit. I sense a bit of, I mean, this is with the small B, but a bit of settling out with respect to the spender competitive marketplace. But it settling out at a very intense level and I think that I would guess from my years of experience in this thing, only the players that have really build a branded franchise based position in this marketplace are going to be able to continue to grow profitably and we are one of those and we continue to do like our chances. But we certainly watch very carefully that marketplace. And one thing that we are focused on is because the value of this franchise is primarily driven by how long your customers stay with you. Is nothing but expensive to get them and they tend to over the long term be an amazing franchises of low attrition and tremendous credit performance and heavy spending and all of that nice stuff. But -- so, we tend to be on the low side with respect to going after all the promotional near-term kind of stuff. It's a little -- makes it a harder way to make a living, but I think that we like the long-term performance with that philosophy. In the revolver marketplace what -- certainly the best news in the revolver marketplace has been the stability of pricing over many years. APRs have been stable and actually increasing a little bit over time. And if you – while it’s hard to exactly get a really good metric on the industries APR in this marketplace, I would say, I think it has increased a little bit more than interest rates have. So relative to say that the middle of the OOs when things were going crazy, I think that's a good sign relative to the marketplace. To your question what we worry most about is just the amount of supply and how aggressive people are in expanding credit boxes and going out there. And while I think pricing has been stable. There was some aggressiveness in that revolver marketplace that we were uncomfortable with in 2016 in particular and somewhat in 2017, I think people have dialed back a little bit. I think things have settled out a little bit and that might be a good sign. So, all-in-all I've said this for many years relative to a lot of markets I've e seen, I think the credit card market is intensely competitive but really pretty darn rational. And I think it's – there’s an opportunity to grow successfully, profitably and resiliently, and we believe that we see that opportunity in front of us.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to revisit from a little different angle the question of deposit pricing, and Rich I’m wondering with some of the investments you've made in technology over the last few years, if you're in more of a place with deposit pricing where you were decades ago with the other side of the balance sheet on loan pricing and being better able to target or at leasing market on a more direct basis, that’s competitive advantage that other traditional brick-and-mortar banks don't have. Anyway I'm just wondering where you think you stand, competitively on the technology related to deposit pricing?
Richard Fairbank: So, I don't -- I wouldn't say that I think the big advantage that we hope to obtain is the technology for really micro-targeting deposit pricing. Although that certainly – there’s a lot of investment in that across the industry. I think the technology that I am bullish about being very helpful to us is actually the consumer facing technology of online banking and being able to have a great online experience combined with and build on the shoulders of an infrastructure that we spent years investing in to modernize and integrate from our direct bank and our local bank to modernize and integrate and in a sense rebuild the full technology stack to be able to really credibly offer online banking backed by a thin physical distribution and be able to compete against some of the really great established players. So, my bullishness is really more about that technology than necessarily a real advantage in terms of a micro pricing at the margin.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just one question on your expectations for used vehicle pricing, you said you’re looking for them to be down and that seems appropriately cautious and conservative. But do you think – were these expectations set before factoring in the tax act or does that not really factor into I expect these vehicle prices to play out this year?
Richard Fairbank: We have not yet rolled any particular assumptions about attacks impact making its way into the used-car pricing. I think if you just look historically at used-car pricing, it is not a lot of science and amazing analysis behind. Honestly, if you just eyeball used-car pricing it just has been, it sat for a long long time at very high levels, and while cars I think are lasting longer and so on, I think this thing had only one way to go, and it has gone down. Interestingly, Manheim does not reflect this, but our own where we have a Capital One index our own index which is has a little bit more of an end, a mix of used cars then some I mean in older cars that certainly has gone down. It’s been locally, it’s been lately stable and even probably rising a bit over the last few months. But I think that the way I look at this from a underwriting point of view, it doesn’t matter how high, how where used-car prices are. What really matters is where they end up relative to where they were when people underwrote them. And so when an industry is sitting near all-time highs, while Capital One puts in our own underwriting quite a significant decline in used-car pricing. My intuition is the industry just gets too comfortable with the recent history of high used-car prices. And so again, it’s not about where you are, where you are whether they are high or low, it’s just whether the where they are on underwriting versus going forward. And I think there is a way higher chance that they are going down from here than that they are going up and that that’s concerning from an underwriting point of view.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. Rich, you had mentioned that the prospects of your strong growth opportunities and it’s been referenced a couple of times in the call that you’ve had some fairly significant deceleration on the credit card and a little bit of deceleration in auto. Maybe and the fact that you think that the competitors could get a little more aggressive following seeing those big tax benefits. So maybe if you could just tell us where you think that growth, where we should be expecting that growth to come from?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, so first of all your list is a compelling list of things to be concerned about. And I don’t want, when I say that I’m hopeful for know some enhanced growth opportunity, this is off the base of where we came in with a not counting Cabela’s to 2% year-over-year growth in the card business. So it’s a bit of a low bar of competition when we are talking about up or down from here. But not being flip and about that, what I would know on the positive side, let me start with the negative side. So the negative side is the potential, the potential impact of competitors getting more aggressive, but from this windfall and the empirically some of the same things that we seem competitively particularly last year, and also the fairly high levels of growth of credit, of indebtedness of revolving credit for example. On the positive side is, over the last number of quarters a little bit of a reduction in supply. You can feel people trimming in their underwriting a little bit. We also have the benefit of more and more months of watching vintage curves settle out. You just no matter how many years I’ve been in this business, it you can, you can believe these things go up and settle out and someday they go down but it’s comforting to see them move in the way that we would expect and so as we get more of our own experience watching these curves settle out and then retro analyzing on every micro segment and so on it tends to lend itself to a little bit more of a growth opportunity. But we’ll have to see how this plays out. This is not a -- that I’m not sitting here saying I really think there’s a big dramatic growth play here. I just feel pretty good about the opportunity in card. I think if I could comment on auto, the experience over the last number of years has been in a business that’s intensely -- it’s, it’s got amplified, the impacts of competition get amplified and auto because there is an auction, there is an auctioneer sitting in the middle of our lending. And so, the we have seen the value of some competitors backing off in the auto business, you’ve seen such significant growth from Capital One. Lately, it’s a little bit more competitive than before. I think if I pull way up and calibrate relative to all times in the cycle, I think the growth opportunity is still pretty good in the auto business, and the overall -- the industry dynamics for an industry that is so hypersensitive to supply I think are pretty good. Moshe on the commercial side, we really haven’t talked much about that. I think probably for all players certainly Capital One that the latter part of the year, growth was kind of slow. I think overall though in the commercial space, the and I think that there is a lot of supply out there. I think investors have been pushed out on the risk curve a little bit to seek returns, and I think that the and the impact of nonbanks in the lending space is becoming more significant. So I think our view is pretty moderate there, but we’ll have to see.
Moshe Orenbuch: Just maybe a quick call upon on capital, your capital levels right now are kind of a – just actually just above where they were at the beginning of the CCAR cycle last year. And so how do we think when you said significant capital distributions in which we think about comparable amounts to what had been in the, in the plan for 2017. As we go for it and recognizing you should have more higher levels of earnings in...
Richard Fairbank: No, Moshe when you think about capital distribution, I mentioned that we want to see our CET 1 kind of drift back to what we think of destination levels is as kind of in the mid-10ths. And so, in the near term I think some of the positive effects of tax reform are going to help us to get there, while still having room for growth, and for capital distribution. And then in overtime, we’ll see exactly how earnings play out and how much competition we see, but if there’s a windfall from tax reform that is enduring that certainly gives us more opportunity for growth and for capital distribution.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from John Pancari with Evercore.
John Pancari: Good evening. Just another way to ask the vintage question. If I’m looking at the domestic card charge-offs and the current charge-off rate ex-Cabela’s of 536, that’s up from the 464 last quarter. And I know the seasonality there, but can you tell us how much of that 70 basis point differential or a 70 basis point change was from the front book of -- front book growth math versus back book deterioration? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: John, there were -- there was I’m not – not really going to precisely break those two things out, but that they were both factors in that. And the over the -- in 2017 the back book effect grew and the front book affect over progressive quarters declined consistent with our growth math. But both -- but both factors were meaningful in the year-over-year delta, but the bigger of the two was the growth math.
John Pancari: Okay, all right that’s helpful. Thanks, and then lastly, the on the auto originations that I heard, what you said about that it still represents an opportunity for you, the growth in the auto business but also flagging that it’s still somewhat competitive, as we look at originations I know there are down 5% year-over-year. What’s – how should we think about overall originations as you look at 2018, is it fair to assume that we are up low single digits?
Richard Fairbank: Gosh, we are the company that has no sets, no growth targets for any of our businesses, because we believe so strongly that in a risk management business and a business in which underwriting isn’t just an actuarial science, it’s really driven by adverse selection and the nature of supply and demand at the margin we make predictions internally as we budget, but and if you just look at our prior behavior, in fact I’ll take you back to that I think it was the last quarter of 2015 when we cautioned, we came in with a really big drop in originations and said that what we had been generally cautioning about really was kind of quite a bit a big deal competitively with respect to some bad practices and the nature of supply, so we had much lower volumes there. By the time we had fully gotten our investors to internalize our concerns we posted a very, it’s almost like record originations and origination growth in the following couple of quarters. So I think that what I would, so what we do is we describe the conditions that we see in that marketplace, but as a company that doesn’t set growth targets, we work incredibly hard to create growth opportunities, but at the end of the day we take what the market will give us. And as I said before, the auto business relative to something like the card business is amplified in the impact of competitive effects, and therefore we see the opportunity for as long as we can, we generally like this part of the auto site, marketplace where it is, but it is noteworthy that in the fourth quarter, we posted a lower origination then we have for some time now, and I think that’s just because the competitive thing is in fact stepping up a little bit.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our last question for the evening comes from Ken Bruce with Bank of America.
Ken Bruce: Thanks, good evening guys. My question relates to the guidance that the earnings growth will accelerate in 2018 and off the 7.74 benchmark. I mean most of us I think had expected that to occur anyway just with the with cold spring beginning to release of the earnings growth potential of the tax rate going from your high 20s to 19 should really put that on steroids. I’m trying to kind of figure out if you are just being extremely cautious around what – what or conservative around kind of what that acceleration can be or if you are seeing anything that as you think about the competitive intensity and the potential for this to be competed away that it’s coming sooner than later. I mean, I think that that would take place over some period of time. Most of your bank peers are trying to rebuild capital after the DTA write-downs and the like so, if you could just maybe kind of give us some thought as to kind of where your are most concerned about repricing [credit card and auto] loans lower or other kind of really aggressive marketing activity that could significantly undermine your earnings growth potential assumes to me as can be really good.
Richard Fairbank: Well I mean as we – so first of all how we feel about our business and its prospects is very similar to where we were at the day before. And in fact last quarter when we were talking to you and so what happened this quarter will along came the tax reform bill. So are we -- so the first of all we are the same company with the same kind of feeling about our prospects that we had prior to the tax effect. And our point is, in the near-term the tax thing have to be I mean, it’s hard to imagine that it couldn’t be a an important good guy relative to financial performance for ourselves, and really everyone else. And all we are saying is, that we are very reluctant to get in the prediction business and in fact not only reluctant to get in the prediction of business, but my own experience from just doing this business for over two decades now is I have seen windfalls and shortfall that hit the industry over the next couple of years they have a striking way to make their place there that their way into the marketplace. So examples, I mentioned the example of the bankruptcy reform in 2005. There is the tax act of 1986, and I wasn’t born yet so that was more reading a history book there, but from our little kind of retro study of that and not as experts, but that there was a lot of sort of making its way into the marketplace there. And then conversely, when I’ve been struck over the years how when the times get tougher and tighter in their credit pressures and things like this, there are ways that their credit card business in particular has a way of offsetting that with respect to the overall metrics. So for example, how volatile the credit card charge-offs are, and it’s a little bit of a scary exercise to take any P&L of a credit card business and then just project the wild volatility that can happen with respect to losses and then you say, well gosh if losses were that high and you just had all the same things that would be terrible or if losses got incredibly good, you would be printing money at a staggering kind of level. But the offsetting effects that happened in the marketplace have been striking to me in both directions over the years. So, I look at this and so my point is partly we certainly don’t want to be in the guidance business about that number but you all can draw your own conclusions and we are not by the way, I want to make it clear, we are not going to try to be one that sets an arms race off at all with respect to this. This is more of a just a prediction that things have a way of going into the marketplace and that my caution to investors would be I wouldn’t book this stuff before it, totally happen to be the biggest question is not whether it is when and the timing and to your point there is a good case to be made that this is a gradual thing it’s not an immediate thing and therefore particularly in 2018, this I think stands to be quite a good guy.
Ken Bruce: Thank you. And just lastly, and hopefully quickly the in terms of the increasing competitiveness in auto is are you seeing that in terms of expanding of credit box again, or are you seeing it in terms of pricing or something else?
Richard Fairbank: No, I think it’s a mild, it’s little a locally mild thing. I, like we go running down the streets waving red flags when we see bad underwriting process and practices. We, we don’t really have anything new to report there. I don’t think, I don’t think there’s anything dramatic. I think what is happening is we’ve had an unusually benign if you will period of competition in the 2016 and 2017 period. That I think we will look back at that and say, it normalized from there, and I think that it’s just a natural thing. People move into those spaces a little bit more. Some of the folks that maybe had backed off a little bit, particularly one of them is stepping it up a bit and I think all this is natural, so it – I think it’s much more likely this thing will normalize competitively than that it will be as good as it was for these last couple years for us.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much everyone for joining us on this conference call today. And thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp. R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp. Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Christopher Brendler - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Q3 2017 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. Thank you. I would now like to turn it over to Mr. Jeff Norris. Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks very much, Leanne, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Third Quarter 2017 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2017 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion in the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation, and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Jeff. I'll begin tonight with slide three. Capital One earned $1.1 billion, or $2.14 per share in the third quarter. Netting the adjusting items in the quarter, earnings per share were $2.42. Adjusting items in the quarter, which can be seen on slide 13 in the appendix of tonight's slide deck, included the following: $108 million or $0.14 per share of restructuring charges related to realigning our workforce as our business continues to evolve and we change the way we work; $105 million or $0.14 per share related to the impact of closing the Cabela's acquisition in the quarter. This included $76 million of allowance build, and $29 million of deal-related costs. In addition to these two adjusting items, I would also like to highlight two notable items that impacted the quarter. First, we had $114 million or $0.15 per share related to the estimated impacts of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. We have included a slide in the appendix of tonight's deck outlining hurricane impacts. And secondly, we had $69 million of gains, or $0.09 per share, related to investment portfolio repositioning that we did during the quarter. Pre-provision GAAP increased 4% on a linked quarter basis, and 10% on a year-over-year basis to $3.4 billion. Provision for credit losses increased 2% on a linked quarter basis, and 15% year-over-year. We have provided an allowance roll-forward by business segment, which can be found on table 8 of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in allowance across our businesses. In our domestic Credit Card business, we built $330 million of allowance in the quarter. That includes $76 million for the onboarding of the Cabela's assets, and $35 million related to the estimated hurricane losses. We expect that the hurricane effects will impact delinquencies in the fourth quarter in charge-offs in 2018. Allowance in our Consumer Banking segment increased $16 million in the quarter, driven by a $23 million auto allowance build related to estimated hurricane-related losses. Net reserves in our Commercial Banking segment were impacted by the change in value of tax medallions during the quarter. As a reminder, since last year, all of our taxi medallion loans have been carried at the lower of cost or the fair value of the medallions. During the third quarter, we continued to see deterioration in taxi medallion values. This had two effects. First, we marked the entire loan portfolio to the lower fair value estimate. Second, we moved the remainder of our performing asset medallion loan portfolio into non-performing asset status. As a result of these effects, we took a net provision charge of $92 million, which was comprised of $167 million of net charge-offs for the updated portfolio valuation, and which was partially offset by $75 million of allowance release related to the loans that we moved from performing to non-performing status. Turning to slide 4. You can see that reported net interest margin was up 20 basis points from the second quarter, primarily driven by day count, higher short-term interest rates and asset mix. Net interest margin was up 29 basis points on a year-over-year basis, primarily related to higher short-term interest rates and asset mix. Turning to slide 5. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.7%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.6%. Consistent with my past commentary, based on our current mix of business, we believe our CET1 ratio is around destination levels. Quarter-over-quarter, our CET1 ratio was flat as dividends, our organic growth and the closing of the Cabela's transaction essentially consumed the capital that was generated. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on slide 9, which summarizes third quarter results for our domestic card business. On September 25, we completed the acquisition of the $5.7 billion Cabela's co-brand card portfolio. We're really excited to partner with Cabela's, a great retailer with a powerful brand and highly engaged and loyal customers. Scott already discussed the third quarter impacts of the acquisition from allowance build and deal costs, which are included in our adjusting items for the quarter. We expect purchase accounting credit marks on the acquired loans to temporarily suppress the domestic card charge-off rate through November. We'll continue to break out the Cabela's impact in our monthly credit 8-Ks through the end of the year. We also expect the addition of Cabela's to reduce the run rate of some of our domestic card metrics particularly delinquency rate, charge-off rate, and revenue margin going forward, all else equal. Compared to Capital One, the Cabela's portfolio has a lower margin and lower delinquency and charge-off rate, and our partnership includes a revenue and loss sharing agreement, which further impacts the metrics. Cabela's reduced our September domestic card delinquency rate by 21 basis points, and we expect the run rate reduction to be about 15 basis points. Beginning in the fourth quarter, we expect Cabela's to reduce the domestic card revenue margin by about 65 basis points. And after the impacts of the purchase accounting credit marks subside, we expect that Cabela's will reduce the run rate domestic card charge-off rate by about 25 basis points beginning in December. Turning to the third quarter results, ending loan balances were up $9 billion or about 10% compared to the third quarter of last year. Excluding Cabela's, ending loans grew $3.3 billion or 3.6%. Average loans were up 4%. Third quarter purchase volume increased 7.7% from the prior year. Excluding Cabela's, purchase volume increased 7.2%. Revenue for the quarter increased 5% from the prior year, largely in line with average loan growth. Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.7%. Non-interest expense increased about 3% compared to the prior-year quarter. The efficiency of our domestic card business continues to improve. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 4.64%, and the 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.94%. Excluding Cabela's, the charge-off rate would have been 4.66% and the 30-plus delinquency rate would have been 4.15%. We've been guiding to a range of high 4s to around 5% for full year 2017 domestic card charge-off rate. With nine months of actual results already booked, we expect to come in at the high end of the range, both excluding and including the expected impact of Cabela's. We expect that impact to be favorable to the 2017 full-year charge-off rate by single-digit basis points. We expect the effects of growth math will continue to moderate with a small tail in 2018. As growth math runs its course, we believe that our delinquency and charge-off rate trends will be driven more by broader industry factors. Slide 10 summarizes third quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans grew about 5% compared to the prior year. Auto loans were up about $7 billion, or 15% year-over-year. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage run-off. Ending deposits were up about 3% versus the prior year with a modest 6 basis point increase in deposit rate paid. Compared to the third quarter of 2016, auto originations were up 4% to $7 billion with balanced growth in prime, near prime, and subprime. As we discussed last quarter, competitive intensity in the auto finance marketplace remains a bit muted which continues to contribute to our growth. While we still see attractive opportunities for future growth, there are also reasons for caution in the auto industry, including expected declines in auction prices and an increasingly indebted consumer. Our underwriting assumes a decline in used car prices, and we've dialed back on some less resilient programs even as overall originations have grown. As the cycle plays out, we continue to expect the charge-off rate will increase gradually and loan growth will moderate. Consumer Banking revenue for quarter increased about 10% from the third quarter of last year, driven by growth in auto loans as well as deposit pricing and volumes. Non-interest expense for the quarter increased 2% compared to the prior-year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans. Third quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year, primarily as the result of charge-offs and additions to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio. Moving to slide 11. I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances increased 2% year over year. Average loans increased 3% year-over-year. Higher average loans as well as higher non-interest income in our capital markets and agency businesses drove revenue growth of 4% compared to the third quarter of 2016. Non-interest expense was up 13%, primarily as the result of growth, technology investments and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses was $63 million, up $2 million from the third quarter of last year. Scott already discussed the third quarter charge-offs and allowance impacts from the taxi medallion portfolio. There were additional allowance releases related to the oil and gas and healthcare loan portfolios. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 96 basis points. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 4.3%, up 40 basis points from the second quarter. The criticized non-performing loan rate was up 1.2% (sic) [was 1.2%] (14:16), up 20 basis points from the second quarter. Credit pressures continued to be focused in the taxi medallion and oil field services portfolios. We provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves and other metrics for these portfolios on slides 16 and 17. Capital one continued to post year-over-year growth in loans, deposits, revenues and pre-provision earnings. We continued to tightly manage costs and improve efficiency, even as we invest to grow and drive our digital transformation. And we continued to carefully manage risk across all our Consumer and Commercial Banking businesses. We're planning to resubmit our CCAR capital plan by December 28, and we remain fully committed to addressing the Federal Reserve's concerns with our capital planning process in a timely manner. We're affirming our 2017 guidance for domestic card charge-off rate, total company efficiency ratio and EPS growth. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we expect full-year 2017 domestic card charge-off rate to be at the high end of our range, with and without Cabela's. With nine months of actual results already booked, we expect 2017 total company efficiency ratio to come in at the low end of the 51s, net of adjustments. Over the longer term, we continue to believe we will be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement, driven by growth and digital productivity gains. And while the margin for error remains tight, we continue to expect 7% to 11% growth in EPS in 2017, net of adjusting items. Going forward, we expected to deliver solid EPS growth in 2018, net of adjustments, and assuming no substantial change in the broader credit or economic cycles. Pulling up, the pace of the digital and technology transformation of the world is accelerating. The seismic changes in the marketplace are creating huge fault lines that will forever change banking, and create defining challenges and opportunities. We are well on our way to transforming our company to capitalize on these opportunities. We are rebuilding our infrastructure with a modern technology architecture, and changing the way we work. We're delivering great value to our customers with simple innovative products, caring service, and a compelling digital experience. We are driving resilient high-value growth, and we are improving efficiency. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth in returns, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval. Now, Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thanks. Appreciate all the disclosure. I guess, first question on future allowance builds. I guess, when we look ahead over the next year, should we assume that the provisions more closely are aligned to loan growth, but not for that small tail of growth math going forward?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Hey, Sanjay. Thanks for the question. We've been talking about the effect of growth math on the allowance for some time. And with growth math moderating, and having a tail in 2018, there are still some effects that are yet to come into the allowance, but beyond that, I would expect that we'll see the allowance being driven by the growth in the portfolio, as well as factors that should be impacting the broader industry.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And a follow-up just on the overall health of the consumer. I guess, Rich, you've talked about how the consumers have more choices in terms of leverage for the last year-and-a-half or so. But as we look at the underlying state of the consumer, do you feel like their ability and health has been fairly consistent, and not deteriorated much over that period of time? Thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Sanjay, I feel like we're kind of in the credit cycle, sort of middle of the cycle. And I mean, you can – there are things that are locally relevant about the Credit Card business that are different from the auto business, but kind of pulling way up on the consumer. While we're very obsessive about indebtedness and competitive intensity, I think that we're in a relatively stable part of the cycle. The economic indicators continue to look pretty benign. We saw trends actually flagging over the last year-and-a-half, with more alarmed trends in the auto and the Credit Card business related to – well, in the Credit Card, on the supply side; the auto, on the underlying side. But just going back to Credit Card, the surge of credit card supply in the second half of 2015 and especially in 2016, we were concerned by that, and especially, if you extrapolate that. Since then, we've subsequently seen some pullbacks, which may be a response to the recent credit results of the card players. So, it feels like it's settled out a little bit and something that would be consistent more with the middle of the cycle; still moving forward as the cycle progresses there. Then, you look on the supply side, mail volumes, marketing levels, new originations, they're still intense, but they're settling out I guess a little bit here. Then, we look at the revolving debt data from the Fed, and that's down a little bit to 5.8% growth year-over-year. Now, obviously, that's well above the rate of income growth, but at least within the sort of middle of the cycle you feel things a little bit more settling out. We can't help but point out, though, the sustained growth in the other non-mortgaged debts: student lending, auto lending, installment lending, which have recently been growing at about a 6% rate. But if you look at the total level of that debt, it's significantly above the pre-Great Recession peak. And that's especially true of student lending. And then, the other factor on the consumer, of course, is the tremendously low sustained interest rates that they have enjoyed and, therefore, at this point, the debt servicing burdens and other measure of financial obligations are pretty stable, and they're lower than they were pre-Great Recession. So, if I pull way up on all of this, it feels kind of mid cycle. We spoke with a little more alarm over the 18 months and 12 months ago. But I think we'll obviously be very obsessive about this. But within this context, I think there are growth opportunities in our credit businesses.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, (23:00) please.
Operator: And we'll take your next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. A two-part question. Scott, Can you maybe expand on the comment you made about some of the pieces haven't made it into the allowance just yet? And then, second, most issuers have provided 2018 charge-off guidance. So can you maybe give us a sense where you think, assuming a stable environment, charge-offs would be? And if you're not going to give us a specific number, can you just talk about some of the puts and takes in terms of the impact of growth math, the impact of peaking of some of the vintages, and then everything else, including competition in the environment? Thanks.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Ryan, on the allowance side, the allowance window is 12 months. We're sitting here at Q3, so we still got the fourth quarter of growth math in 2018 that we would expect will be impacting the allowance, so not more than just that. And then, in terms of kind of where 2018 is headed, I'll turn that one over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yes. Hey, Ryan. On the – growth math has been the big story for Capital One for a long period of time. And it was – as a company that generally hasn't guided to credit loss numbers for the following year, we felt it was very important to step up and give guidance for the significant effects that were going to happen that we're going to be independent of the industry worsening or things like that. And the growth math is well on its way. You can see – I think September is a particularly strong month. But things bounce around for month to month. But you can see the growth math effects settling out. And as we said for a long time, we expect a small tail of growth math in 2018. So, the other thing to watch, of course, is the back book, because by definition, in fact, when we speak about this, our front book is 2014 and on, and our back book is 2013 and before. And our back book, and I think this is very much an industry point, it's been a good guy for a long time, stable or improving – really, mostly improving for many years, recently, kind of stable. We have recently seen a little bit of uptick in back book charge-off rates, and I think this is an indication of some industry normalization. If you look at the industry securitization trusts, which I know you do, Ryan, you can see this effect, you can see it in the Capital One securitization trust, you can see it in most of the other competitor trusts, particularly those that have not been added to recently. And I don't think that this is a different effect than all the things we talk about, about credit card industry moving to the middle of the cycle, but I think for all of us, we won't have the benefit of a tailwind from our back book anymore. And I think that – so, as we look forward about our own performance, growth math is going to be playing out, and we will be subject to the industry effects that will play out with others. There's only a little qualifier I'd say on that, when we watch the credit performance of others, some who are in a higher growth period will have their own growth math effects playing out in their numbers, that may be company specific. But for us, I think our numbers will be driven by a growth math that is at the more advanced stages plus the overall industry effects.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Wells Fargo.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes. Rich, you guys obviously worked pretty hard to get Cabela's done. I know it's possible, but there could be some large private label RFPs out there. Would you look at those, given Cabela's, and the sort of resubmission? What is your thought process there?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, I mean I think that those would be independent choices on the merits of whatever the opportunity is. So I do want to say, this has been a long journey to get to the finish line on Cabela's, and we're grateful to be in that position. I think it's a great business. We're really going to enjoy that. But, as you know, our considerations are always very deal specific. But I don't think the having of Cabela's, or the Cabela's journey affects our view about opportunities going forward. I think we'll take those on the merits of the particular case.
Donald Fandetti - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking my questions. Rich, with your (28:54) growth on the U.S. card business sort of slows to the 3% to 4% range, curious where you see the leverage in terms of that slower growth. Is it tighter underwriting? Is it reduced rewards? Is it reduced marketing and advertising? Where should we see the benefit of that come through, as you basically stop gaining so much market share?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Right, well, I mean, I don't speak of reduced growth so much in terms of, wow, we have reduced growth. I can't wait to take advantage of the benefits. I think there are things that happen when growth slows. The main thing I want to say is, we have capitalized with exceptional growth during a window, a kind of sweet spot in the competitive environment, and where the consumer was really where the whole industry was. That led to exceptional growth for several years. And as you know, Rick, we don't set growth targets. We want our people to very much take the opportunity that the market gives them. And we've been saying for some time, we think it's a more kind of – maybe I'll describe it as a normal opportunity at the moment instead of the exceptional one that is there. Now, the thing that took us from exceptional growth to sort of normal growth was a combination of a significant increase in the competitive environment. And then also in reaction to that, our own pullbacks around the edges, and it was just trimming around the edges and picking the stuff that I think had the most resilience and the best performance. So, what will all that mean? I think that we feel very good about the value that's being created by the 2017 vintage. We think the growth opportunities continue on a pound per pound basis, the sort of NPV per account or any of these things to be at the high end of our experience. But the slowing of the growth also advances growth math toward its destination, where in 2018, there is a small tail, and then this thing is pretty much – at some point, actually, an important point, the growth math turns into a good guy, down the road, as it moves more and more toward a back book status, and enjoys the – some of the real payoff from all of this growth really comes in, if you call kind of Phase 1, the upfront and rapidly increasing losses, Phase 2, the sort of stable part where everything's settling out, and then Phase 3 is, all other things being equal, generally the steady gradual improvement of these vintages as they season. And I think that will be a good guy for the sustained earnings power from this surge of growth that we've had.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I agree with you. We think what you guys did was you made significant investments in 2015 and 2016 that are going to come to fruition. We're starting to see it now, we think it continues through 2018. But at the same time, it does appear that whereas you were growing probably 2x the industry 18 months ago, you're growing 75% of the industry today. And so beyond the seasoning that you're talking about, which again, is virtuous, I'm wondering if there are going to be other impacts we should be thinking about in terms of either tighter underwriting or lower expenses?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, I mean, the expense story I think you've watched it play out, and we are continuing to drive efficiency both from growth and from, frankly, just good old-fashioned old-school squeezing out of and being very cost efficient, as well as what I might call new school efficiency, which is really related to leveraging – in many ways, transforming how we work, how we leverage technology for our customers and for our companies. So, those are certainly good guys over time. Let me also just say one other thing about the industry growth and you may remember along the way I've been calling out from time to time, hey, we're in a period where there's – I remember in 2014, we said I just want to point out there's – we have an unusually high amount of line increases, because there had been some deferral of line increase in the couple of years prior to that. And so there's always kind of two growth stories that play out for any company. And in many ways, one relates to potential energy and one is kinetic energy in the sense of physics. But we do all our marketing, and so much of the energy of the company goes into generating accounts. And then, there are choices about when we grow the lines on those accounts. And that creates a kind of a second wind of growth opportunity. One of the things that has happened in Capital One for us over this last period of time is the actual growth machine of account origination has grown probably more than meets the eye. We continue to be pretty bullish, frankly, about the opportunity to continue to get accounts. And a lot of the, what we'd call trimming around the edges relates to let's just go a little slower, a little lower in terms of the line increases. Let's save some of that potential energy. But, partly, why you hear quite a bullishness in my voice is that the underlying marketing and origination and value creation machine at Capital One is going strong, and probably even higher than the, sort of, year-over-year growth numbers might indicate.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Donat from Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to just follow up on that last point you were making about the potential energy. Should we think about your line increases as something where you apply sort of the same analytics, and run tests and experiments to see what sort of results you get with line increases? And do you use that potential energy as something that can stay in the bank for multiple years? Or is it something that deteriorates over time? Just curious how you think about it.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, first of all, it's subject to all of the information-based strategy and massive, kind of, scientific testing that we have done for over two decades in building this company. The distinction that I would make, and I feel on a customer origination, a customer is right for an origination at a certain period of time, and if you don't get them at the right moment, you're probably not going to get that growth opportunity. When that customer is a customer, I think when you make the choices to increase line – I mean it's not like entirely just do it whenever it's right for us kind of thing, but it certainly is one that there's a lot more discretion, I think, and a lot more opportunity to feel the marketplace, really size up where we think the consumer is at the moment, and where adverse selection and various things are, and then make the choices. But a very common thing that we do, when we see things and see risk, kind of, bubbling out there in the marketplace and competitive things going on, we often pull back on that form of energy a lot more than we pull back on the kinetic form. And that's partly when you see going on here. So, Capital One growth engine is continuing on pretty darn strong.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay, just to clarify with Scott, the 7% to 11% EPS growth, that includes the adjusting items, but not the notable items, correct?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. So, the 7% to 11% excludes adjusting items, but it includes the notable items. So it includes the effects of the hurricanes, and it includes the gains on the security sales.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Buckingham.
Christopher Brendler - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. I want to ask a question on the deposit side, just sort of blocking and tackling what you're seeing as rates rise, and maybe you could comment on deposit costs and trends within the three segments, being Consumer Bank, Commercial Bank, and Other. I guess I'm surprised, and should we be disappointed that the bank segments are shrinking and Other is rising? Or is that part of the strategy? Thank you.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. Chris, why don't I, kind of, give you just a general high-level overview of where we're thinking about deposit betas? Directionally speaking, we would expect or overall betas are going to be more or less in the higher end of regional banking peers, really because we've got a deposit mix that includes more savings and money markets than many of our peers. So we'll be a little bit on the higher end there. But if you think about us just in total about – relative to the peers, most of our commercial deposits are operating accounts, and we have a smaller portion of commercial deposits than many of our peers. Our online deposits are typically have a relatively low average balance, so those are a little bit stickier than you might expect. And then, when I look at our branches, the rates in our branches are already competitive with traditional bank branch players. And then, finally, we have a relatively low amount of non-interest-bearing DDA. So, when I look at all those moving pieces, our portfolio level beta has really more or less been in the middle of the pack. When I think about – brokered obviously has a very high beta, and we'll certainly see that impacting our overall cost of funding for the company. But from an overall perspective at this point in the rate cycle, betas for us have moved pretty modestly. We think we've picked up some of the benefits of that in our net interest margin, but I still think there's a ways to go yet, before betas start to be more responsive to additional rate moves.
Christopher Brendler - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And the segment question?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: In terms of the segment, the brokered deposits are sitting over in our Other category. If you look across all of the segments, you see a pretty small amount of movement in rate paid in Consumer. Commercial has a larger move, which is not surprising. I think those are deposits that are a little bit more sensitive to rate moves. And then with brokered, those have very high betas, and so you've kind of seen those move proportionally with the market.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Thank you. Good evening. You reiterated your guidance for 7% to 11% EPS growth in 2017. And I know that you're not giving 2018 guidance, but intuitively, shouldn't there be an inflection in 2018 growth relative to 2017, given that the provision will grow – or should grow more in line with loans, all else equal? Just trying to make sure I understand the dynamics of the moving parts. I know there are a lot of moving parts, but just all else equal, the provision dynamic, if maybe you could speak to that, Rich and Scott.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Bill, just remember, on provision, we still are talking about growth math in 2018. It's the tail of that, so we're starting to see the end of that effect. And so, on the one hand, you've got kind of the tail of growth math. We've got a little bit of the normalization of the back book that we're seeing through in the current quarter that's going to influence 2018. And then, on the positive side, a little bit of opportunity in terms of on where we're going with efficiency. But that's – we've made lot of progress on efficiency. So to continue to make progress there is really going to be tough work, but we think we can grind some of that out. So, on balance, we've got pressures going in different directions still, and that kind of gets us to solid EPS in 2018.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Okay. Thank you. If I may, for Rich, Rich, you've talked about, on one hand, issues surrounding increases in the supply of credit, and also growth math. Could you perhaps comment on the interplay that you foresee in card between, on one hand, those normalization headwinds from growing supply, and the seasoning effect tailwinds from slower growth on the other?
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. I mean, I think the – let's talk about our front book and growth math. So, we're in the advanced stages of that journey. And I think relative to a lot of players whose growth has come more recently, we're in the more advanced stages of that. And so, I think we will – as we say, we still need – there is a small tail of growth math for 2018, but that is moving farther along, where it goes from being sort of a bad guy on the overall credit numbers, to, in the longer run, actually becoming a good guy. So that's a little bit more of a long-term effect, but we certainly look forward to that, and that's one of the – it is in that part of the cycle for – it's in that part of the life cycle of the vintage, where a lot of the value gets created. And then, there's the back book which is going to move right along with the industry. I'd be very surprised if pretty much – all the seasoned back book of the competitors, I'd be surprised if they didn't pretty much move very closely together. We're not in the prediction business and I think we'll watch how those move. The only thing we did is just make note that, in recent months, there has been a bit of an uptick that you see across the industry. And again, I don't think it's surprising. I think what's been striking really about back books is they have been such a good guy for so long at some point. I think we're seeing natural industry cycle effects playing out there. So I think our biggest point is that the sort of unique story of Capital One and the growth math that was so intensely playing out because of the magnitude of our growth, I think relative to our seasoned books and relative to what the industry was doing, I think that's – it's mostly played its course.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. Rich, clearly you're not tremendously concerned about the consumer. The auto business continues to grow quite nicely. And you talked about the origination machine on the card side being very strong. I guess what would it take for you to see in order for that to kind of trend upward again in terms of growth to a faster level, particularly given that, at least at this stage, the industry is growing somewhat faster, not a lot, but somewhat faster? I've got a follow-up also.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Moshe, Is that a credit card point?
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Credit card. Yeah, yeah, credit card, I'm sorry.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Credit card point, yeah. Well, see, in fact, it's interesting that you mentioned auto. You've known Capital One for a long period of time, and we read the marketplace, and then really seize opportunities when we see them. But a lot of times, we're near the top of the league tables or near the – sometimes we're near the bottom of the league tables of growth depending on the situation. So, we're dialing back during the period of time over the last 18 months, when there was a surge in industry supply, there was a surge in growth of subprime supply in the industry where you started to see credit metrics coming in a little bit higher than expected. And that has mostly characterized the journey over the last 18 months. I did mention that, in response to some of these effects, it appears that the industry has dialed back a little bit. Several players have actually talked about dialing back. And, Moshe, that could open up more opportunities. We're not planning on it. We need to see validation before we do that. But I feel better about the industry and what it has to give us now than I did say a year ago when we were saying, boy, you look at second quarter 2016 for the whole industry, vintage curves were gapping out a little bit, and there were a lot of things bubbling that I think frankly have settled out a little bit between then and now. So, we've got our underlying origination machine going. If we see more opportunity, we'll certainly take advantage of it, but we're not here to predict that. If you look at the auto business, Moshe, you have seen how much we have moved from capitalizing on a growth opportunity after the Great Recession – in the early stages in the wake of the Great Recession, growing at really pretty high rates for years. We started speaking alarm about underwriting practices, we pulled back quite a bit. Then the competitive situation softened and we really stepped into it, and leaned into it again, so we will always be very vocal about these opportunities. I think that paradoxically, while the actual growth numbers for Capital One are down, our bullishness about sort of the quality of the opportunity, and the bullishness that the card business is not sort of running away – the industry isn't running away with things is actually up a little bit.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thanks. Just as a quick follow-up for Scott, you talked a little bit about deposit betas. We don't have the third quarter numbers yet, but back in the second quarter, your benefit from a rising rate environment kind of ticked down over the course of 2017. Can you talk a little bit about – because it seems to be that you're a little more – I don't know if it's more conservative or actually have a less beneficial outcome than some bank peers into a rising rate environment?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, I think, Moshe, if you looked at, as you obviously have, our rate risk disclosures, you can see that we're pretty close to flat against kind of where forwards are headed. And we are modestly and have been modestly asset sensitive for small changes in rates. We're more liability sensitive for larger changes in rates, but we certainly aren't trying to place a bet on where rates are moving. We're trying to be pretty neutral to where forwards are headed.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question tonight comes with Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, good afternoon.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hello? Hi. Two questions. One, just on the mix of the portfolio with the above and below 660. Obviously, you put that in your deck. Just wanted to get a sense as to when you're thinking about portfolios, does it matter to you whether or not that portfolio would come in and skew the split you have here of above and below 660, the 65/35 that you have this quarter, or if you'd be willing to let that skew change in any material way?
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, Betsy, we would take that one case – one opportunity at a time. As a general observation from years of doing this, when we have looked at subprime skewed portfolios, in the card business, we have tended not to be comfortable with the risk, and especially, the amount of credit line that has been extended to so many customers. Cabela's interestingly, obviously is an acquisition at the top of the market. It did move the metrics of our mix, but we just really liked that particular opportunity and we went for it on its own metrics. But I think over time, it is more likely that you'll see Capital One in pursuit of higher end opportunities than lower end opportunities just because of the two decades of experience we have in the sort of upper end of subprime. And we're very familiar with the many dangers that can come when folks haven't underwritten it conservatively enough.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, no, that's helpful. And then, my follow-up was just on how you're thinking about the benefit of the digitization on expense ratio over time. I'm not asking for what 2018's going to be but as you think more on a three to five year kind of timeframe, do you feel that the investment spend that you're making today is something that could materially move the expense ratio from here? Or it's more likely to be a grind, grind, grind? I guess my question is, is there a step function you see coming? Or are we grinding our way through to better efficiencies over time?
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Well, I'm a big believer that investment in technology ends up being a good guy. Well, it doesn't happen automatically. But investment in technology the way that we're doing it by not just putting a piece of technology in or not just building an app, or some customer-facing thing, but really focusing on transforming from the bottom of the technology stack up. Our foundational technology, and also leveraging that to transform how we work, I think that's going to be a significant good guy way down the road. On the way to that journey is a lot of technology investments. So, as you may recall, Betsy, over the last number of years, we've been saying, look, we're investing a lot in technology, and there are two meters that are running. One is the increase in investment in technology itself, which has been significant over that period of time. And another meter is, the cumulative run rate benefits that we also are now starting to generate from that technology investment, combined with really proactively transforming how we work. The nice thing is, I think that second meter of the cumulative benefits, that's a meter that will keep growing. I just want to say along the way, we continue to invest in technology a lot. I don't think a day will come when we say we have arrived. We're not going to keep investing in technology. But what happens is, the second meter, the benefits of this are going to just keep increasing over time. And so, I think it is a contributor to long-term better efficiency for the company. There's no moment of – there's not, like, in our near future, a step change in economics. But one thing that I think we're very focused on at Capital One is, and a very critical way that investors will get paid is through improving efficiency. And to do that, both through the old school techniques of just really trying to manage tightly, but then really getting so much of the opportunity from the transformational opportunities that technology gives, that's what this journey is about. It's a long-term journey, but I think you can already start to see the benefits. And I think you will gradually see more and more of them over time.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Rich. Thank you, Scott. And thank you, everyone, for joining us on the conference call tonight. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP, Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman & CEO Scott Blackley - CFO
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs David Ho - Deutsche Bank Steven Kwok - KBW Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Bill Carcache - Nomura Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Rick Shane - JPMorgan Brian Foran - Autonomous John Hecht - Jefferies Ken Bruce - Bank of America
Operator: Please standby. We're about to begin. Welcome to the Capital One Q2 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Liane. And welcome, everybody to Capital One's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. And if you want to access the call via the internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2017 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the material speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the material. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff and good evening everyone. Capital One earned just over $1 billion or $1.94 per share, in the second quarter. Pre-provision earnings for the quarter were $3.3 billion and we continued to deliver year-over-year loan and revenue growth across our businesses. As we discussed last quarter, we continue to expect domestic charge-off rate for full-year 2017 to be in the high 4s to around 5. We continue to expect full-year efficiency ratio for the total company to be in the 51 net of adjusting items and plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility and while the margin for error remains tight based on what we see today, we remain well positioned to deliver 7% to 11% growth in EPS in 2017 net of adjusting items. All of our guidance excludes the potential impact of the Cabela's transaction. Now I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss second quarter results for the company. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks Rich. I'll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1 billion or $1.94 per share in the second quarter. In the quarter, we recognized $12 million of non-interest expenses related to our anticipated close of the Cabela's transaction. Excluding these costs, earnings per share was $1.96. We will continue to break out future deal and integration costs as well as the initial allowance build associated with the onboarding of the Cabela's assets. The closing of this transaction is still pending regulatory approval. Pre-provision earnings increased 6% on the linked quarter basis as we recognized higher revenues and lower non-interest expenses. Provision for credit losses decreased 10% on a linked quarter basis as higher charge-offs primarily in our commercial banking business were more than offset by lower linked quarter allowance builds. We have provided an allowance roll-forward by business segment which can be found on Table 8 of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in our allowance across our businesses. In our domestic card business, we built $155 million of allowance in the quarter, two primary factors drove that build balanced growth in the quarter and our expectation of rising charge-offs. Allowance on our consumer banking segment increased by $36 million in the quarter. This increase was attributable to our auto business where we build allowance for new origination. In the second quarter, we had about a 40 basis point impact to our auto charge-off rate from the initial effective accounting changes and the timing of charge-offs which I've discussed over the last couple of quarters in our calls. Beginning in the third quarter and continuing throughout 2018, we expect these accounting changes to increase annualized charge-off rates by 15 to 20 basis points after which the effect begins to reverse overtime. Lastly, we had a $4 million release in reserves on our commercial banking segment as we released reserves associated with loans that moved to charge-offs which was partially offset by reserve builds primarily focused in our taxi medallion business. Turning to Slide 4, you can see that reported net interest margin was flat for the first quarter at 6.9%, and it was up 15 basis points on a year-over-year basis fueled by strong growth in our domestic card business and higher rates. Turning to Slide 5, I'll discuss capital. As previously announced following the Federal Reserve's conditional non-objection to our 2017 CCAR plan, our Board has authorized repurchases of up to 1.85 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2018, and we expect to maintain our quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share which is subject to Board approval. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.7% which reflects current phase-in. On a standardized fully phased-in basis it was 10.6% and with that I'll turn the call back over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Scott. I will begin on Slide 9 with second quarter results for our domestic card business. Loan growth and purchase volume growth decelerated in the quarter but remained strong. Compared to the second quarter of last year, our ending loans grew $4.3 billion or about 5%. Average loans were up $5.8 billion or about 7%. Second quarter purchase volume increased about 7% from the prior year. Revenue for the quarter increased 7% from the prior year in line with average loan growth. Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.6%. Non-interest expense increased about 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Our domestic card business continues to gain scale and improved efficiency. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 5.11% and the 30 plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.63%. Both metrics were down a few basis points from the sequential quarter compared to the second quarter of last year both metrics were higher as expected. The impact of growth math remains largely in line with our expectation. As a reminder, growth math is defined as the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances in our front book season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio relative to the older and highly seasoned back book. We continue to expect the impact of growth math will moderate in the second half of 2017 with a small tail beyond 2017. As growth math runs its course, we believe that our delinquency and charge-off rate trends will be driven more by broader industry factors. Slide 10 summarizes second quarter results for our consumer banking business. Ending loans grew about 5% year-over-year. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up about 6% year-over-year with a four basis point increase in deposit rate paid. Compared to the second quarter of 2016, auto originations were up 14% to $7.5 billion with strong growth in prime, near prime, and sub-prime. As we discussed last quarter, competitive intensity in the auto finance marketplace remains a bit muted which continues to contribute to our growth. While we still see attractive opportunities for future growth, there are also reasons for caution in the auto industry including expected declines in auction prices and an increasingly indebted consumer. Our underwriting assumes a decline in used car prices and we've dialed back on some less resilient programs even as our overall originations have grown. As the cycle plays out, we continue to expect the charge-off rate will increase gradually and that growth will moderate. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased about 9% from the second quarter of last year driven by growth in auto loans as well as deposit pricing and volumes. Non-interest expense for the quarter increased 5% compared to the prior year quarter driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in marketing. Second quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year primarily as the result of charge-offs and additions to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio. Moving to Slide 11, I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Second quarter ending loan balances increased 2% year-over-year and average loans increased 4%. Higher average loans as well as higher non-interest income in our capital markets and agency businesses drove revenue growth of 9% compared to the second quarter of 2016. Non-interest expense was up 11% primarily as the result of growth technology investments and other business initiatives. Provision for credit losses increased from the second quarter of last year driven by charge-offs in the oilfield services and taxi medallion portfolios. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 80 basis points. Criticized in non-performing loans rates were relatively stable in the quarter. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.9% and the criticized non-performing loan rate was 1.0%. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oilfield services and taxi medallion portfolios. We've provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves, and other metrics for these portfolios on Slide 16 and 17. I will close tonight with a summary of key second quarter themes. Capital One continued to post solid year-over-year growth in loans, deposits, revenues, and pre-provision earnings. We continued to tightly manage costs and improve efficiencies even as we invest to grow and drive our digital transformation and we continued to carefully manage risk across all our consumer and commercial banking businesses. Based on what we see today, we are affirming our guidance for full-year 2017 domestic card charge-off rate, total company efficiency ratio and growth in EPS. All of our guidance is net of adjusting items and the potential impact of Cabela's. As Scott mentioned, the Federal Reserve completed its CCAR process in the quarter. Our capital plan received a conditional non-objection which requires us to resubmit a revised capital plan by December 28. We will resubmit our capital plan and are fully committed to addressing the Federal Reserve's concerns with our capital planning process in a timely manner. Pulling up, we continue to be struck by the amount of change that's coming in the marketplace and the opportunity to capitalize on that. We have invested heavily in transforming our company and driving growth opportunities. We are well on our way to rebuilding our infrastructure with a modern technology architecture and along the way we are redesigning how we work. We are delivering resilient growth across our businesses. We are driving improving efficiency and we are building an enduring customer franchise. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth and return as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. Now Scott and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up and if you have follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Liane, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari: Good evening. Just wanted to ask about the vintages that you're seeing in the loss trends within the card vintages. I know you had indicated last quarter that your updated charge-off expectations incorporate your expectation for losses in the 2016 vintage to be on par with 2015, is that still the case or are you seeing any changes there? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Hey John, our expectations are the same 2016 vintage on par with 2015 vintage.
Jeff Norris: Your follow-up.
John Pancari: Okay all right, thanks. Yes a follow-up to that was just on the auto front. I know you had indicated that you do expect charge-offs in the auto book to increase moderately over time just consistent with the general pressure you're seeing in the business. Can you just help quantify the piece or just help quantify that what you mean by moderately there and then also are you providing at a higher level at this point given the worsening severities as used car values have pulled back?
Scott Blackley: John why don't I start on the back end of that question and turn it over to Rich. So in terms of our allowance process we've been assuming kind of used car prices to fall and it continued to fall. So we've already been building that into our allowance and I think that that's something that we would expect to continue.
Richard Fairbank: John relative to the charge-off outlook, you could go back and it's probably for the last three years I've been saying that we expect charge-offs to gradually increase in the auto business and we're saying it again. Now and the reason for that is the same reason that that's driven this conversation over these years which is off of an exceptionally low base of charge-offs that the phenomenon of normalization we have fully expected. Now the interesting thing is Capital One's charge-offs that we have posted over time in general haven't gone up in that way and there's been a couple of things going on there, the biggest thing has been sort of a gradual mix shift, up market in that sense the particularly the higher growth that we've gotten at the higher end of the market has sort of offset that effect but beneath it all, if we look at the things like the sub-prime business there. There has been some gradual normalization going on it's a natural phenomenon. Probably all in all, the amount of normalization has not been as high as we have ourselves internally forecasted because we've been pretty cautious about what we expect with respect to new used car prices and frankly some of the competitive dynamics in the auto business I think have kind of helped in competitive meaning the easing of some of the competition particularly on the sub-prime side I think has eased things. So if we look in hindsight at this, three or four year period while we've been raising our estimates for losses, we think there's been a lot of value creation, there's good opportunities for growth. The business is in bit of an odd place with some easing competitive intensity but still the other dynamics that are associated with increasing potential for risk things like used cars but all in all, it's -- there's a good opportunity right now but I think you should expect losses will gradually go up over time.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Jeff Norris: Are you there Ryan? Ryan may be you come back. Let's go to the next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Rich, you talked a little about credit in the credit card business. Can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment from a growth perspective I mean we've seen a little -- a number the large banks are starting to actually show some growth acceleration and so what are you kind of looking at that's different and kind of how do you see that playing out over the next year?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, I mean Moshe we first of all we believe the opportunity to grow continues in the card business. What I would say is the exceptional opportunity has mostly run its course and now there's a more just there is just a good opportunity let's talk about the exceptional opportunity for a second while a lot of people were not -- they weren't as heavily marketing and not as seeing the growth opportunity that we saw, we pretty much captured several years of outsized growth and I think that it served us very well even though we all know of course the upfront costs of that in terms of credit and allowance have been little rough on the P&L. What I think has happened over time, the competition has definitely intensified but it's not irrational. So let’s talk about it at a couple of levels. First of all at the where it's most -- where it's competition is most obvious to everyone who has like a television or anything else is in the reward space and it is very clear that marketing levels are up, rewards, rewards levels on various cards are up, we've not only seen several players come forward with higher, higher things like cash card rates. One of the striking things to me is what's happening on the co-brand side in the process of the renewal of Co-brand deals, there has been a pretty significant cranking up of some of the rewards associated with those. The other striking thing happening Moshe on the competitive front at the top of the market is the early bonus the giveaways associated with that. Now we that particular area we worry a lot about and we pretty much live inside the frontier of those early bonuses only because we have so much experience over the last 20 years on what happens when you get the Hoppers, the Teaser Hoppers, the Bonus Hoppers the various folks there. So I think we all have to keep an eye on what happens there, so it is clear that that the table stakes are higher, the investment is higher and the competition is higher at the top of the market going after rewards. That said we continue to be very pleased with our performance there and we continue to -- continue to winning in that space is about sustaining investment and about winning in product, marketing, service, digital experience brand there's a lot to that but we very much note the competition but we were all in and we still like very much what's going on. The other thing I would comment though is about more the revolver side of the marketplace. I think people are you are seeing more growth there but I'd put it in the rationale category, we don't see really anything going on about pricing in that marketplace; we don't see underwriting standards being compromised. So I think it is that the more kind of normal phase in a market which is just people stepping up and investing more and trying to grow more. So in the context of all of that, I think it's still a reasonably healthy card marketplace, the growth opportunity we had before is not quite what it was but we still we still like the opportunity.
Jeff Norris: And do you have a follow-up, Moshe?
Moshe Orenbuch: Yes if you just kind of extend some of that to auto, you mentioned there is some easing in the sub-prime, are you tilting more in direction or more in the prime in that business at this point?
Richard Fairbank: Well I think we're pursuing the same strategy that we probably a big word for this the same -- the same approach and underwriting standards pretty much consistently across from the top of the market through near prime and into the part of subprime that we play as well. The point I would make is that the competitive easing is more in the near prime and prime part of the marketplace. So that therefore the opportunity for growth is a little higher there. So it's in a sense same approach same strategy, same underwriting but a little bit different market dynamics depending on which part of the market we're talking about.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Do you hear me this time?
Jeff Norris: We got you, Ryan.
Ryan Nash: Okay. Sorry about that. I was having headset problems. A question for Scott. Scott, you noted that the card reserve build was for both growth and the expectation for higher charges which I'm assuming you're trying to imply 2Q 2018 charges would be above 2Q 2017 but just given what we -- everything you're seeing competition vintages what you're seeing in terms of your delinquency improvement I guess there was no change in the macro or the competitive environment. Any sense about how you would think about charge-offs for 2018 and/or when would you actually expect to see charge-offs begin to level off on a year-over-year basis?
Scott Blackley: Yes, Ryan, thanks for the question. Look as we said last quarter, we thought that Q1 was the high point for reserve build in the domestic card portfolio as growth math is starting to moderate in through the back end of 2017 with the tail after 2017. The effective growth math on the allowance is no longer going to be the biggest driving factor and that's been over the last couple of years that's been the really big driver. So what I would say with the allowances as we move through 2017 increasingly, the allowance is not going to be really driven by kind of that upward pressure of growth math that we've been talking about but it's really going to be driven by more just the overall industry factors and where those go, I think is it's something that we'll be talking about going forward but I don't have a forecast for you for 2018.
Ryan Nash: Got it. And then maybe if I could just ask one quick follow-up Rich when you reiterated the EPS guidance 7% to 11%, you noted again that the margin there remained tight. Can you maybe just give us a sense of your confidence of hitting the target and what are the key swing factors at this point in time just in terms of being bottom of the range versus top of the range?
Richard Fairbank: So yes thanks Ryan. Look I want to start by saying that I stepped out of my character and you might have wondered what happened to Rich Fairbank that you knew because I haven't you'd have to go way back a lot of -- a lot of years ago to where we have given EPS guidance because kind of to your point, I mean this is in the end the difference of large numbers and it's subject to very big swings associated with allowance and other things that can happen. So we generally and I want to make sure people know that I'm generally don't plan to be in the EPS guidance business. The reason that we kind of stepped out and did that last quarter was really more to show the market that while there's a lot of noise associated with some of these credit numbers, our story is our belief and growth math that the belief in what we could do on the efficiency ratio side, the momentum of the company, and our ability to successfully get there, I think we felt pretty confident about that but again we cautioned of course and to your point it's a pretty small range. So what is the biggest drivers of that? I mean the biggest driver still always is credit and in a world where everything's on balance sheet and small changes in expectations lead to you know this into the whopping allowance effect that is certainly something that is a probably at the top of the list for the biggest effect. On that one we feel good about the trajectory of growth math but we know that small, small changes can have effect. So we're certainly aware of that. I think that is the big one I think beyond that, the -- I think the trajectory of our spending on things like marketing, the seizing of growth opportunities, the timing of progress on our continuing quest for efficiency will also be factors that play into this and the other thing I would say of course that rates, interest rates they can always play a factor. But that's just a little window into our own dialogue with ourselves about this but when we look at those things while there is always risk associated with the guidance like this, we feel, we like our chances, we like our momentum here, and we continue to maintain that guidance.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we will take our next question from David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho: Good evening. Just wanted to circle back on underwriting standards that you may have tightened over the past year and large part trying to get those vintages to perform in line with expectations. Have you seen or have you done an additional tightening for 2017 vintages are you comfortable in your underwriting standards there? Obviously it's hard to track FICO but, in terms of the mix how does that stabilize as well?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, David, we one thing is of course this is hundreds of programs we're talking about and changes that we constantly do around the edges. But to generalize it was around the beginning of 2016 that we started tightening around the edges and we talked about that and it is that tightening that had led us to be pretty confident that in fact 2016 vintage was going to come in better than 2015. You may recall that we had talked about that and certainly had early indications consistent with that. Some of the slippage in the marketplace and relative to our expectations there was kind of -- we’re now more these are more on par with each other. Over the course of this journey, watching the marketplace, the competitive environment, the greater supply, and continuing to look at all of our programs and where credit was coming in, to your question, we have continued to tighten a bit around the edges and important, but not only but probably the majority contributor to our reduced growth is just our continued tightening and particularly the tightening that's going on is less around the origination side and more about the timing, just the size of lines and the timing of line increases under the philosophy let's continue to really book the customers, take advantage of the window of opportunity. In our own time, we can choose when and how much to extend the credit lines that's more of a kind of stored energy that we get there. So and by the way in the marketplace is no doubt the marketplace become more competitive, so that's also contributed to our slowdown as well. But all of that said I think that we have high expectations for 2017 coming in as a very strong vintage.
David Ho: Right. As a follow-up what kind of card growth year-over-year are you comfortable with while still maintaining your 2017 guide and obviously your the outlook for 2018 in terms of growth math diminishing, is it more in line with industry growth how do you think about kind of the range there versus the kind of the industry average growth year-over-year?
Richard Fairbank: Well we're specifically not giving guidance year-over-year for card growth but I think you're asking what card growth, do we need to kind of be able to maintain our EPS guidance was that were you linking those two.
David Ho: Yes.
Richard Fairbank: Well because the reason I say that is the amount of card growth is look I think at this point for the rest of the year the amount of card growth is not that bigger driver on the EPS, it will have quite a bit of impact on next year's EPS and other things. But across the reasonable range of card growth that we would look at for the rest of the year, anything in that range probably wouldn't have that much impact on the EPS. Relative to next year's card growth we're not going to give guidance on that but I want to come back to my point that we're -- we continue to be all-in in terms of capitalizing on growth opportunities that are out there, they've gone from -- the growth opportunities have gone from exceptional to good.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Steven Kwok: Hi this is Steven actually filling in for Sanjay. Just wanted to see if you can elaborate around the issues that's pointed out in the CCAR planning process and how comfortable should we be that the problem will be remediated?
Scott Blackley: Yes, hey thanks for asking the question and as you might expect, we're not really in a position to talk about kind of the Fed process around CCAR, that's all guarded by confidential supervisor information that we're not have liberty to disclose, so the things that I can tell you if you want to have the most that we can tell you is really to point you to the Fed CCAR report and they're going to give you the best description of kind of the issues that they thought that there were. I will only just reiterate the point that Rich made which is we are fully committed to meeting the requirements and resubmitting our capital plan within the timeframes that the Fed has established for us.
Steven Kwok: Got it. And then the follow-up question is just around the sub-prime consumer behavior, have you guys seen any changes around the behavior of them?
Richard Fairbank: I would say generally no. I -- we certainly note that the growth in revolving debt in sub-prime is higher than that in prime. By the way the last few months that's kind of settled down a little bit but it's still higher than prime. So we certainly have our eye on that. Of course that is also in the context of coming off of a base of a pretty big retraction -- retrenchment since the Great Recession. So we will keep an eye on the data about the consumer I mean the economic -- economy metrics. But beyond that we have not seen a lot of behavioral change, we have talked in prior conversations about the fact that there is some normalization generally going on that can have some in second quarter of 2016, we saw some as an industry effect not just the Capital One effect a little gapping out of some vintage performance that that all would be consistent with the marketplace moving along and getting a little more competitive and consumers getting a little bit more indebted. But beyond that, we haven't seen anything unique to the sub-prime space and that's why our strategy pretty much continues we've just been a little cautious around the edges.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Two questions one on how you were thinking about recoveries. We heard from some others recently that there's some pressure on pricing in recoveries and I know you're not using third parties as much as some other folks or may be if you can give us a sense to what you're seeing in the marketplace and how you anticipate that impacting you?
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, yes, we don't sell as much of our charge-off debt as other people do but we still do participate in that market. But just pulling up overall on recoveries it's interesting recovery we always tend to look at that independently of other metrics but I've certainly seen over the years how recoveries move in tandem with a lot of other dynamics going on. So for example in this journey that we've talked about of the industry credit normalization some of the things were even our own expectations about credit performance we've found things were came in a little higher than, than we had expected. Recoveries was right in there as one of the little culprits in that. So we have seen generally some softening of recovery rates beginning in the third quarter of 2016 which continued into early 2017 they were stable in the second quarter but we'll have to keep an eye on recoveries and in many ways I think they will go in many ways as the overall credit market place goes.
Betsy Graseck: Okay, thanks. And then the follow-up just on the tax exposure right now you provided us just a spreadsheet showing us the exposure but wanted to understand how you're thinking about that in particular given that the criticized performing loan rate increased quite a bit in the quarter does that suggest that you were preparing to just build the reserve further as, as time goes on here?
Scott Blackley: Yes, hey Betsy it's Scott thanks for the question. So a couple of thoughts here first of all as, we've been disclosing the details about the taxi portfolio for a few years because it's been an area that we want to make sure that our investors and others had a good insight into what our exposures where they're that’s on Slide 17 in the material. We've got about 580 million of taxi medallions on the balance sheet as of June 30, 17% allowance coverage ratio so well provided for their. Of that around 530 million is New York City taxi medallions and I think that, at this point, it's well understood that with the arrival of Uber and other competition that there's a lot of pressure in the value of these medallions and we've been seeing that pressure actually in revenues and in cash flows for several years. And as a consequence of that we've actually been carrying and writing down our loans to the lower fair value or carrying value for several years. So we've -- we're kind of well on our journey to making sure that we keep these loans marked at market prices. In Q2 we had a total provision of expense on taxi around 55 million which was primarily charge-offs but we also build allowance which was all based on kind of our view of the changes in the value of medallions that happened in the quarter. I will tell you that I've read the comments from other banks that have come out recently I feel very comfortable with our marks and where we are on our portfolio and I just say kind of in terms of what we might see going forward, right now, we're working aggressively with our borrowers to restructure loans where possible we're taking steps to make sure that we're protecting our collateral. I think the allowance and our charge-off levels are indicative of kind of where prices are today but there's certainly a risk that if this market doesn't stabilize that we could be subject to further write-downs if we see, kind of fair values and prices drift further south.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Can you remind us what percentage of the cards within your partnership business or store only versus also general purpose cards that have a Visa, Master Card logo on them? And can be used for out of store spend and then are you seeing any kind of difference in customer payment behavior between the cards that are good at the partner store only versus the cards that can be used for general purpose spending.
Scott Blackley: Hey Bill this is Scott we don't -- we don't actually breakdown in any detail kind of the partnership from our broader card portfolio that's not information that we're going to be able to provide you.
Bill Carcache: Okay, I guess may be perhaps just if you could comment at a high level from your experience whether there's any customer kind of taking order preference for you know whether they're going to pay that private label store card first versus the general purpose card if you can any color on that at a high level would be helpful.
Richard Fairbank: Bill -- I, we were not in the great recession; we were not big players in the partnership business. We did an acquisition since then but of course we couldn't resist but peek back and see what we could observe of in the Great Recession and under stress. I carry around an intuitive view and I certainly have not seen anything to inconsistent with this that in general the -- these co-brand cards, a defining thing that I would put on the co-brand cards that have a lot of out of stores spend and become like a primary spending vehicle. These things are top of the line and I think that that we would believe that they would lead the league tables in terms of resilience. We've all had a lot of conversation both in our partnership business and frankly across our whole commercial business about the woes of retail and what does that mean and I think that if you look back at the Great Recession I think that the private label card did seem to get hit harder. But one thing I would say in their defense is you move from a position of sharing economics to having the entire economics and I still think most people are motivated by the desire to payoff and keep a good credit record. So look I carry around the intuitive belief that our private label business probably runs a little bit more risk than that -- than the high end co-brand programs but that I haven't seen anything to cause us to say that I feel I think we still believe in these programs you're going to get the vast majority of customers to repay but it certainly is a risk.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to shift a little bit to expenses first with marketing Richard you talked about going from an exceptionally good opportunity -- an exceptional opportunity to just a good opportunity should we expect you to continue with sort of this level of marketing spend or does it get harder to attract the customers you want now that you're no longer in the exceptional opportunity for U.S card.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, well so a bunch of things to say to that great question. First of all notice what we said that our dialing back in many ways is the dialing back of growth the slowing of growth is in many ways driven by more conservative choices about the timing and magnitude of line increases, how much credit line is granted at the outset those kind of things none of which really have anything to do with marketing. So, we continue to be all in on the origination of accounts and I don't -- I don't see any change in that and even by the way in dialing around the edges, dialing around the edges, those edges tend to be around approvals in the context of the same marketing it's just when we get hundred customers in there, there might be a few more percent that that might not make it through the -- the filter kind of thing. So that that is kind of point number one so, so what of which is our quest for pretty sizable growth of accounts continues and we feel pretty bullish about the prospects. The other thing is and other thing that I've learned over the years of being in this business. There is some investors feel like okay well there's going to be less growth therefore you don't have to spend money on marketing usually it almost works sometimes the other way because other people step up the table stake go up. And unless we really say okay in a particular segment, we're just not going to compete, it sort of have to pay more to get to stay to stay in place kind of thing. Now there comes a point where things get so irrational we have from time to time just pulled out of things but my point about the card business I still would call it more, it's just something that's more competitive but generally rationale. So we -- I think our investors should carry around the assumption that we're going to continue to be aggressive in our marketing and I think it's while the marketing efficiency is compared with the last couple of years, last two or three years that have been in the exceptional category, marketing efficiency is little more in the "normal category" but we're still all in on this marketing and I think that will continue.
Chris Donat: Okay. Thanks for that and then just a follow-up quickly with Scott on the salaries were down $88 million quarter-on-quarter was there anything elevated either in the first quarter or unusual in the second quarter?
Scott Blackley: Yes, in the first quarter we had a lot of just kind of the normal taxes and such that happens in the first quarter where that starts to run out into the second quarter, so that it doesn't carry through. So nothing unusual there and is more or less consistent with kind of the seasonal trends.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Rick Shane: Hey guys thanks for taking my question this afternoon. Look we've had a interesting discussion about the impact of ride share on taxi medallion prices. How do you manage risk in the auto portfolio from ride share you’re probably in the next year or two start to get back a lot of cars with a ton of miles on them. And I’m curious if that’s something you're thinking about in terms of risks or how you sort of account for that in terms of underwriting?
Richard Fairbank: Rick, look I think you make a good point I think the -- I think there are a number of factors that while I must admit, I don't think we have put a real focus on I don't remember being in a meeting where we're talking about your specific point. I think if you pull up and think about the auto business and some of the longer-term issues all the pressure from the tech companies on the things like the ride sharing, you’re talking about even looking further down the pike at what would be the impact of all the technology changes in automobiles and in the limit the driverless cars. But even on that, even before the day finally comes when we down the road we're all doing our work in the back seat and there is no driver long before that I think we all have to be very vigilant about what is the impact of technology change is there come to be I mean generally the quality of technology has sometimes allowed cars to last longer and has been a good guy in the auto business. But the question is will there be a tipping point where the old cars just don't cut it and the new ones are so much better. So this in fact I just want to pause for a second and just kind of seize the moment that one of the -- one of the things that I don't I think banks don't do that well I think Capital One did not do that well on things like Uber story is pull way up across all of our lending businesses and ask what is the impact given that industry after industry is being revolutionized, what is the impact especially I think in the commercial C&I business of the revolution that's going on in our clients' businesses and if we just go and make one loan at a time and do our nice underwriting standards we could wake up and have a lot of rude surprises like we did in the taxi kind of business. So I don't have a great answer for your specific question but one of the things that we put a lot of energy into Capital One is pulling way up and instituting not only I mean the conversation but instituting a kind of risk management process associated with the extraordinary revolution that's happening in our industries, in our clients' industries, and in some of our core businesses it's a great challenge.
Scott Blackley: Rick, one other thing I would just mention we definitely in part of our underwriting practice in assuming that auction prices continue to fall is taking into account the longer lives of cars that our allowance is only 12 months, so it certainly isn't going to capture the shift in that you're talking about in terms of ride share. But part of the reason why we continue to really pay close attention to auction prices is there's a variety of risk that can impact that over time and when we're originating these loans, we're thinking about kind of all those risks as we do that which is a reason why we continue to plan for auction prices to move lower from here.
Rick Shane: Got it. And again my point is not are there going to be fewer cars on the road because we use them more densely or is there going to be a technology shift that basically makes old cars obsolete? I'm actually thinking about the more immediate which is that I'm assuming of a fair number of customers who are taking loans from you guys with the idea that they might be in the ride share business and if the economics don't work out for them, those are cars that are very, very likely to come back and have very high mileage and I'm curious if one of the things that we're seeing against you guys or so quantitative, if we're seeing higher mileage on the repos that are coming back in?
Scott Blackley: That I don't at the top of my head, I can’t I actually can’t give you an answer to that one, I can do some follow-up we can circle back with you but Rick overall we're taking into account all of those statistics and formulating kind of our expectations around auction prices and resale values. So I think that's kind of embedded in our assumption.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran: Hi, I’ve got one question on fees and on technology and digitalization? On fees, it’s a pretty strong quarter and in particular service charges have been a drag for a long time that are now up year-over-year and Interchange revenues up a little faster than spend volume. Can you maybe just describe is this any kind of inflection point or is it more quarter-to-quarter noise just fees actually was a pleasant surprise this quarter to kind of figure out what drove that?
Scott Blackley: Yes, thanks Brian for the question. Non-interest income was up about 16% in the quarter. And there's a few things that are going on there, non-interest income per share is lumpier than net-interest income. It certainly doesn't move quite as consistently with loan volumes and so I just kind of go through and talk about a few of the drivers. So you're right that net Interchange was a large driver that contribute about $100 million in the quarter-over-quarter variance and if you think there we have the higher seasonal purchase volume which was favorable and then as usual we have kind of the normally quarterly adjustments to rewards liability expense those kinds of things that run-through there and can create some quarter-over-quarter volatility and we saw that this quarter. We also in the first quarter had some UKPPI expense that ramped through there, so that created just under $40 million of favorability when we look at the linked quarter and then kind of I just kind of also point out that in our commercial business that business has some lumpy fees that come in and we did see around $25 million of higher quarter-over-quarter fees. Those are businesses that that have a business model where they generate fees and normally we see them kind of a little bit there are some puts and takes at this quarter they just happened all kind of worked in our favor and so they all came in a positive way. But that's kind of the overall picture, I think they're all part of our business model but I would say that we would expect that that line item is going to continue to be a bit lumpy.
Richard Fairbank: Brian I just want to add you asked if there's an inflection point in the Interchange thing. I think that we don't think that it bounces around a lot from quarter-to-quarter, this happened to be a quarter where there was strong Interchange but that's not necessarily a breaking point I think that we continue to expect Interchange growth in net Interchange revenues to be below growth in purchase volumes. And let us not forget last quarter, I think the growth was negative. So this thing is much better just quaint your eyes and look at like annual, annual trends in sort of the relationship between purchase volume growth and Interchange growth.
Brian Foran: Maybe coming back to the closing remarks of the opening scripts, you made around digitalization, this is something really three years now you've been talking about in pretty organically and when you started it was kind of remember when you first said wrestle APIs, I had glue sounds like which call am I on but we've seen more and more banks come out and really start talking about, you’re talking about two or three years later, so if I'm going to talking to investors that helps make it like okay see I believe was talking for so long is important but still find it's hard for people to kind of put some tangible parameters around it, how does digitalization and APIs and Middleware actually translate to better revenue or better cost. So I’m sure there is some hesitance about telling your competitors everything you're doing but I wonder if there's are there one or two examples you could give backward looking, how this multi-year digital journey has started to produce benefits either greater revenue or less cost or a combination of both?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, thank you, Brian. So first of all, we've been -- look I mean it was 20 some years ago that same phrase I use now it's a build I used it way back then which is build an information based technology company that happens to do banking competing against banks that happen to use information and technology. And I'm very struck that I've got the same battle cry 20 some years into that. But the other striking thing to me even though I think Capital One's pretty well positioned to do something like this is just how staggering the amount of change that that's going on and that will happen in the industry and the need to really transform ourselves across talent and infrastructure the way we work, how we develop software where really there's nothing that left unchanged. So where have we seen the -- where can you see the benefit, no one can disentangle, what -- no one can prove what happens when your customers are a lot more delighted. How that affects things like growth and retention and things like that but I just would say that and it's very easy Brian for you to I'm not going to rattle them all here there's a lot of various proof points associated with a dramatic increase in Capital One's the customer satisfaction, the go to the app store and look at the ratings on the App Store that between the digital experience, the customer experience go to our own -- go to our own website and look at the ratings that and reviews that people put up on our own account. There for a variety of reasons, one of which is our digital transformation we have had a tremendous momentum with customers that that, that is pretty linked to the kind of exceptional growth that we have seen look in the auto business I don't know if you've seen some of the technology that we're employing in the auto business associated with auto navigator, I would suggest take a look at that, that's pretty interesting. I can never prove to you what the contributions of delighted customers are on the growth front. Secondly on the marketing front there is there is an obvious and dramatic transformation going on in marketing and how it works and the growing role of digital marketing, digital marketing itself is got the word digital in it and it's about digital capabilities and in fact information based strategies that has been an important contributor to Capital One's success. The other thing that's going on is you've seen what's happening with our efficiency ratio, which got worse before it got better but the important thing is that it's getting better by a lot. And when I started on this journey I said that look I want to make one thing clear so, many banks are saying in there -- in their public statements we are going to sell fund our digital investment I say I've been saying to investors for years and it's really five years actually this -- this journey has been not the three that you necessarily refer to but that over this journey I said that I don't believe anyone can transform their company and be competitive in the future by self funding this transformation that is you've got to pay now and get benefits later. I also said that the biggest motivator of our digital investment is not the -- is not a cost objective it really is much better customer experience a -- building a way more dynamic well managed fast first to market better controlled all those other kind of benefits that come with this. All of that said it's very clear that we are increasingly reaping important sizable benefits and efficiency as a result of years of digital investment and the efficiency comes across the distribution channels of retail, call centers, operations, centers it also the transformation and how we work as long-term benefits many of which we've started to realize. So the interesting thing is a journey that was never motivated to be number one for the sake of cost savings something where it cost a lot that the costs were a lot higher than the than the benefits at the outset those relative meters are on their way to some significant change in position there and the -- so it is the efficiency ratio would be that the final place that I would point to.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Hecht with Jefferies.
John Hecht: Yes, hi thanks for taking my question and just one question. Going back year I think you're -- you were having better than industry card growth I think you were somewhat balanced between new accounts and line extensions. You now pulled that growth and I'm wondering has the composition of growth changed is it coming more from one of those aspects or the other and to the extent it's changing what does that mean to the risk characteristics going forward.
Richard Fairbank: John, so we -- we had if you dial all the way back I may get my years slightly wrong here but I think around the well '13 timeframe we had what we called the brownout of line increase and that was driven by a new regulatory requirement that required you to obtain income -- customers income before we could actually do a line extension and implementing the whole way to obtain that data and so on led to a brownout in our line increases even as our originations were continuing at a reasonable level. Then what happened is the -- right around the time that we got the technology and the ability to address the regulatory requirement, that also coincided with sort of the big growth opportunity at Capital One it contributed to but also coincided with so that we had a surge in line increases and then a surge in young customers who are also eligible for line increases. So I flagged over the especially 2014, 2015 time period that we were having a more than probably normal level of line increases in the overall mix of our business. Over the past I'm getting my timeframes I'm only approximating here but something I would argue around to be around the beginning of 2016 we got into pretty much an equilibrium between line increases and originations themselves and we have generally been in that equilibrium ever since. To your point and to an earlier point that I said if anything our dial back more on the line increase side than the origination side of late so it is possible the mix between those two could move to the other side of equilibrium but I don't think these changes are big enough to call that out. But I think that the more -- the more important thing which is what we called out in the 2014-2015 timeframe that those were more than a the little bit more than their share of the line -- the normal share of line increases.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our last question from tonight is from Ken Bruce with Bank of America.
Ken Bruce: Thanks, good evening. Nice quarter the first question I have is this really relates to losses and in the quarter for the U.S. credit card business is at 5.11 that was a pretty substantial improvement in the month of June just based on the monthly reporting is -- was there anything specific that impacted that June performance and had something on the order like close to 50 basis point improvement month over month.
Richard Fairbank: Ken, no nothing that jumped out at us. One thing that were certainly were delighted to see the 47 basis point sequential quarter improvement in charge-offs but we always caution don't get too carried away with any one month. Because in fact as a point in the opposite direction that you obviously noticed the delinquencies after several months of going down actually went up a bit in the month. So they're kind of going in the opposite direction I think we looked at both of those, look we looked very carefully at every month worth of data but I think that we should all just squint our eyes a bit and look at a bit the bigger pattern and don't -- don't get too carried away with any one month of data. The big point is we still expect the growth math effects measured in terms of year-over-year increase in delinquencies and loss rates to moderate over the rest of 2017 to have a small tail in 2018 and in fact, we were just talking about this today that one of the quarters we're actually going to, say goodbye to the growth -- to growth math and it's and it's not going to really be newsworthy and we're going to be back and rising and our numbers rising and falling with the dynamics of the marketplace but we are growth math quarters are numbered here before we retire it which is a good thing. We look forward to that retirement party.
Ken Bruce: I'm sure. There was a similar small shift but one if it continues could be have a substantial impact on that growth math but there's a the slight shift in the above 660 credit scores versus the below 660 credit scores; is that something that is a specific strategy of Capital One to accelerate one versus the other or is that just kind of a by-product of what you discussed around the trimming around the underwriting and so forth and if I could just make that a two part question you kind of answered Betsy’s question around recoveries differently but have you seen a change in the charge-off debt prices that are in the market.
Richard Fairbank: On the charge-off debt prices I do not have any reason. I haven't been in a conversation associated with that and I think that I would have heard about it if something was newsworthy there but I don't rely on me for a latest read on that. The -- let me talk about the sub-prime mix so, our sub-prime mix has been -- our first of all our strategy as a company is stayed very steady over the years and we've been going as you know right at the top of the market and all the way through to the higher end of the sub-prime market place and over the -- over the last couple of years basically during this growth surge you have seen our sub-prime mix grow from I'm doing this from memory but around 34% up to 37% last quarter and it dropped down to 36%. First of all I want to point out in the world of all the precision we all live by, these are rounded to the nearest integer. And sometimes the story is nothing more than a rounding story obviously when you go up several hundred basis points that that there's a trend there and what we've said is the -- the opportunity that we have seen in the sub-prime market place relative in and I'm now speaking in the -- in the years of 2014, 2015, also the lower competitor little bit lower competitive intensity there all of that contributed to sub-prime's share growing a little bit. The strategy is really the same, the number is settle down a little bit Cabela's is going to come along and hopefully everything works out perfectly there and it comes in and that will take a little bite out of the sub-prime mix as well.  But the big story is I think we see the opportunity to be across the board you're probably right a little bit more of our trimming around the edges has been in the higher risk areas or higher loss areas so that that just brings the sub-prime thing in just a little bit but I, my main point is the more things change. The more they really stay the same.
Jeff Norris: Thanks Rich and thanks everybody for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here this evening answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp. Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp. R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp. Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.
Analysts: Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Bill Carcache - Nomura Instinet Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thank you very much, Tulari. And welcome, everyone, to Capital One's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One's website at, capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2017 results. With me this evening are: Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Scott Blackley, Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. Steve Crawford, Head of Finance and Corporate Development. Rich and Scott will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the material speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the material. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly Reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Jeff. Capital One earned $810 million, or $1.54 per share, in the first quarter. Excluding adjusting items, we earned $1.75 per share. Pre-provision earnings for the quarter were $3.1 billion and we posted strong year-over-year loan and revenue growth across our businesses. I'll begin tonight's call by discussing the major themes that are driving our overall first quarter results and our outlook for 2017, Domestic Card credit and total company efficiency ratio. Based on portfolio dynamics and industry conditions we observed in the first quarter, we now expect that the full-year Domestic Card charge-off rate will be in the high 4%s to around 5%, with quarterly variability. That is up from our prior expectation of the mid 4%s. With the benefit of more data, we have refined the expected shape and timing of credit losses on our front book programs booked over the last few years. Our originations in 2014, 2015 and 2016 remain highly resilient. Even with our revised charge-off guidance, we continue to expect that these vintages will drive earnings for years to come and generate total NPVs at the high end of all the annual vintages we've booked since the early 2000s. Over the past year and a half, we have seen increasing competitive intensity, a growing supply of credit and rising consumer indebtedness. As we move through 2016, we tightened our underwriting around the edges. Our actions over the past four quarters have led to a deceleration of our growth, just as the industry is accelerating. We still think there is a growth window, but the window is gradually becoming smaller. I want to turn now to another important driver of financial performance and that is efficiency ratio. We have been working very hard to enhance the efficiency of the company as we grow the business and invest in our digital transformation. Over the past two years, we have lowered our annual efficiency ratio by nearly 200 basis points to 52.7% net of adjustments. We are continuing to drive hard for efficiency gains. We are converting customers to digital, using technology to simplify and automate our operations and driving out analog costs. On the third quarter earnings call last year, we guided to a near-term annual efficiency ratio in the 52%s, net of adjusting items. We are now seeing the opportunity for even more progress in the near term, so we are revising that guidance. We now expect annual efficiency ratio for 2017 will be in the 51%s, net of adjusting items and plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility. Efficiency is a key way that the investors will get paid, and we will continue to drive hard on this lever. Over the longer term, we continue to believe we will be able to achieve additional efficiency improvement, driven by growth and digital productivity gains. On the earnings calls in each of the past two quarters, we have stated that we believe we are in a position to deliver solid EPS growth in 2017, assuming no substantial change in the broader credit and economic cycles. The higher expected charge-offs and related allowance impacts put pressure on expected EPS this year. But the improved efficiency outlook partially offsets the earnings impact from credit. While there is a lower margin for error and based on what we see today, we should be in a position to deliver 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth in 2017. It's important to note that all of the guidance we're discussing on tonight's call excludes the potential impact of the announced Cabela's transaction. So now I'll turn the call over to Scott to discuss first quarter results for the company. Scott?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Rich. I'll begin tonight with slide three. As Rich mentioned, Capital One earned $810 million, or $1.54 per share in the first quarter. Excluding adjusting items, we earned $1.75 per share. We had one adjusting item in the quarter, a $99 million build in our UK Payment Protection Insurance customer refund reserve of which $70 million was an offset to revenue and $29 million was captured in operating expense. A slide outlining adjusting items and adjusted EPS can be found on Page 13 of the slide deck. Pre-provision earnings were up from the prior quarter, as slightly lower revenues were more than offset by lower non-interest expenses. Efficiency ratio in the quarter was 51.6%, excluding adjusting items. Provision for credit losses increased from the prior quarter, driven by both a larger allowance build as well as higher charge-offs. An allowance roll-forward by segment can be found on Table Eight of our Earnings Supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movement in the allowance across our businesses in the quarter. In our Domestic Card business, we built $441 million of allowance. This build covers the loss forecast change for 2017 that Rich just discussed. In our Consumer Banking segment, allowance increased $61 million in the quarter, almost entirely driven by growth in our auto business. Looking ahead, in our April monthly credit results we expect a one-time increase in charge-offs of approximately $30 million due to accounting changes in the timing of charge-offs of bankrupt accounts, which I discussed in our last earnings call. For the year, accounting changes will increase our auto businesses charge-off rate by approximately 20 basis points. These losses were fully provided for in our 2016 allowance. In our Commercial Banking segment, we had a $32 million reduction in reserves, driven by the impact of continued improvement in our oil and gas portfolio. Recent reserve movements have been focused in our taxi and oil and gas portfolios, and we have provided details for those portfolios on slides 15 and 16 in the Appendix of the slide deck. As you can see on slide four, reported net interest margin increased 3 basis points in the first quarter, to 6.88%, as higher rates and mix benefits more than offset day count in both linked quarter and year-over-year comparisons. Turning to slide five. As of the end of the first quarter, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.4%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.3%. We believe that we are now at the destination capital ratios appropriate for our current balance sheet mix. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Rich. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Scott. I'll begin on slide nine, with first quarter results for our Domestic Card business. As I discussed earlier, loan growth and purchase volume growth decelerated in the quarter, but remained strong. Compared to the first quarter of last year, our ending loans grew $6.5 billion, or about 8%. Average loans were up $7.9 billion, or about 9%. First quarter purchase volume increased about 7% from the prior year. Revenue for the quarter increased 7% from the prior year. Higher revenue from loan growth was partially offset by revenue suppression associated with higher delinquencies and charge-offs. Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.3%. Non-interest expense increased just under 3% compared to the prior year quarter. Our Domestic Card business continues to gain scale and improve efficiency. Charge-off rate for the quarter was 5.14%, up 48 basis points from the sequential quarter. The 30-plus delinquency rate at quarter end was 3.71%, down 24 basis points from the fourth quarter of 2016. In the first quarter, delinquencies began to turn down on a seasonal basis. Pulling up, we continue to be concerned about the supply of credit in the marketplace. Revolving credit grew at about 6.5% year-over-year, the seventh consecutive quarter it has grown much faster than household income. Against this backdrop, we have been tightening our underwriting. We still see growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business, but our growth window is gradually getting smaller. Slide 10 summarizes first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans grew about 5% compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up about 6% versus the prior year. First quarter auto originations were $7 billion, with strong growth in prime, near prime and subprime. Competitive intensity in the auto finance marketplace softened a bit, which contributed to our growth. While we still see attractive opportunities for future growth, there are also reasons for caution in the auto industry, including declining auction prices and an increasingly indebted consumer. Based on the competitive environment we see today, we expect to increasingly emphasize price and margin over volumes in our origination strategies. Our underwriting assumes a decline in used car prices. And we dialed back on some less resilient programs even as overall originations have grown. As the cycle plays out, we expect the charge-off rate will gradually increase and the growth will moderate. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter increased about 6% from the first quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans and higher deposit volumes was partially offset by margin compression in auto. Non-interest expense for the quarter increased 5% compared to the prior year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in retail deposit marketing. First quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year, primarily as the result of charge-offs and additions to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio. Moving to slide 11, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. First quarter ending loan balances increased 5% year-over-year as we continued to grow in selected industry specialties. Average loans increased 6% year-over-year. Higher average loans as well as higher non-interest income in our capital markets and agency businesses drove revenue growth of 11% compared to the first quarter of 2016. Non-interest expense was up 21%, driven by growth, technology investments and other business initiatives. Revision for credit losses declined $230 million from the first quarter of last year, primarily as a result of the change in allowance as well as modestly lower charge-offs. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 14 basis points. Criticized and non-performing loan rates were relatively stable in the quarter. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.7% and the criticized non-performing loan rate was 1.2%. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oil field services and taxi medallion portfolios. We've provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves and other metrics for these portfolios on slide 15 and 16. I'll close tonight by recapping the key themes driving our outlook for 2017. We expect the full-year Domestic Card charge-off rate for 2017 to be in the high 4%s to around 5%, with quarterly variability. We expect total company efficiency ratio, net of adjusting items, to be in the 51%s, plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility. And we expect the improved efficiency outlook will partially offset the earnings impact from our revised credit outlook. While there is a lower margin for error and based on what we see today, we should be in a position to deliver 7% to 11% adjusted EPS growth in 2017. Pulling up, we are struck by the amount of change that is coming in the marketplace and the opportunity to capitalize on that. We have invested heavily in transforming our company and driving growth opportunities. We are well on our way to rebuilding our infrastructure with a modern technology architecture and along the way we are redesigning how we work. We are delivering resilient growth across our businesses. We are driving improving efficiency. And we're building an enduring customer franchise and our momentum is growing. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth and returns as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. And now Scott, Steve and I would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Just in terms of the card growth outlook, what is the implication of that for rewards and marketing expense, Rich? Is there some possibility that perhaps that starts to plateau or even decline?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: So, Eric, we continue to be very positive about the success of our marketing and, frankly, the growth of our spender business. In fact, frankly, the growth of all of our business. But my comments about gradually dialing back around the edges from an underwriting point of view is entirely related to the competitive environment and its impact with respect to credit and revolving credit and the choices that we make there. The rewards business is – the top of the market spender business is a very competitive business, but we continue to be successful. Our actual growth rate in spenders and heavy spenders continues to be very good number there. And so we will continue pretty much the way we are going with respect to our marketing and growth plans. My only point, and I don't want to overdose on this point because, in many ways, it's a gradual continuation of something that we've been doing probably since the beginning of 2016, and that is just dialing a little bit around the edges of our programs in response to what we see is an increasing amount of supply out there and increasing amount of indebtedness. So we're still going hard for growth. Even, frankly, on the revolver side of the business, we think there are good growth opportunities. Our point is just that this is a continuation of a trend that's now, frankly, five quarters along.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: All right. Thank you for that. And just one follow-up, please in auto. The issue of residual values is one that's been talked about quite a bit. And one of the theories postulated in this quarter was that the delayed tax refunds were causing there to be incremental pressure on used car values in the period. Any legitimacy to that in your view?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, we have ourselves speculated about that. I don't think we have a good way to know that. Our own observation has been just kind of pulling up on the used car values, Eric. While the Manheim Index has stayed pretty high, it's starting to fall now. We have always created our own index based on the cars that we deal in. And that metric was moving down earlier and farther than some of the metrics that people were looking at overall in the industry. With respect to, therefore, shall we say, the Capital One Index of used car prices, we have been expecting that to go down. We underwrite assuming it'll go down actually quite a bit and stay down. That's an underwriting assumption. But even in terms of our own forecasting, it dropped below our forecast decline rate in the first quarter. So that certainly got our attention. Eric, well, it's too early to know whether that might have been related to the tax thing, but we will see. But it certainly underscores a very important thing to monitor in the auto business. And really, at the top of our list, frankly, in the auto business is used car values and the fact that for so many years they've been so high. In some ways, they only had one way to go from here.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good evening, guys. Maybe I could start off with credit first. Rich, just what drove the net charge-off guidance change? Secondly, should we be using the $7.21 adjusted EPS from 2016 as the base for 7% to 11%? And then, look, I know it's very preliminary, but just given that a lot of the growth from 2014 and 2015 are likely starting to peak out in terms of losses, 2016 obviously we'll get through a decent bulk over the next couple of quarters. Just wondering if you'd give us any sense for where you would expect charge-offs to go from here, given the fact that we have undergone growth math now for the better part of two-plus years.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Right. So, Ryan, a bunch of questions there. First of all, with respect to the base upon which you calculate the EPS growth.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Eric, this is Scott. Table 15 of the Earnings Supplement has the schedule that shows the adjusted EPS, and you'll see the full-year 2016 and it is $7.21. So you're correct in that.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: And Ryan, relative to growth math, yeah, let me just talk about growth math and how that relates to the revision in the outlook that we have talked about tonight. So this revision is entirely related to the front book of Capital One, the growth book that is from 2014, 2015 and 2016. And so think of it this way basically, this is playing out from a slightly higher base than we had earlier expected, but the underlying dynamic is exactly the same. So right now we're near the peak of the growth math effect in terms of the year-over-year impact on the loss rate of our card business. That impact moderates over the rest of 2017, with only a small tail in 2018.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: That will be from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks. And along with the guidance on charge-offs, Rich, could you talk a little bit about how you see the reserve? Because there seemed to be a little bit of a disconnect this quarter compared to previous ones, given that you had both a slowdown in the dollars of loan growth and slowdown in the dollars of delinquency growth and yet the provision – the reserve was built. What's the outlook for that? How long would you need to maintain that extra reserve given the comments you just made about the tail of charge-offs?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Moshe. it's Scott. Going to the reserve, as you said a couple times, there's really three components of the reserve loan balances that are as of the end of the period, our loss expectations for the next 12 months and then qualitative factors for risk and uncertainties. The biggest driver in what drove the Domestic Card allowance build in the quarter was the updated credit outlook that Rich discussed. So that was the primary driver. And then there's also growth in the quarter after you back out the expected seasonal paydowns. And on top of that, as always, we have qualitative factors. So it's really being driven by the credit outlook, but also by those other factors.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Right. But just to follow-up on that, the growth and ex-those seasonal factors would likely have been smaller than in prior periods, right? And so maybe you could just also – Rich had talked about the tail of that credit really dissipating as you get towards the end of this year and into next year. How long would it be that you would need to maintain the reserve at that level? At what point could it be used to essentially offset some of those charge-offs?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. So, one, the allowance is definitely covering the losses that we anticipate for the next 12 months. So that's the starting point of that. I think about where the allowance is going from here is a lot of, as Rich talked about, growth math. What you should anticipate with the allowance is the upward impact on charge-off rates from growth math starts to moderate. I would expect that the allowance builds are going to start to be driven really by credit, our outlook on credit, on the economy and growth. And so you'll start to see them moving a little bit more just in terms of those drivers as opposed to the growth math drivers. But, Moshe, beyond those kinds of things, I don't think I'm going to get ahead to say that there's any part of the allowance that we're saving for later in the year or anything like that. It's all based on our outlook for the next 12 months.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes, so Rich, in terms of a subprime card outlook, in terms of moderating the growth, I guess can you talk a little bit, is that being driven by more competition from other banks or are you just getting a little more concerned around where credit's trended versus your model? Can you elaborate a bit more on the subprime side on cards?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Don. So you probably heard us for, I would guess, four – this is like the fifth quarter now that we have been talking pretty vocally about supply out there in the marketplace. And the last few quarters we have pointed out the pretty striking growth rate of subprime itself. I don't have the number right in front of me, but I believe it's 14% year-over-year subprime growth for an industry that's growing at half that overall. Now, again, Don, that's off of – and I really want to stress this – it's off a much lower base that retracted significantly after the Great Recession. But still, that certainly has our attention, that subprime growth. And so the primary thing about the competition is not so much that it slows our growth down because fewer people respond, although I think there is that effect. Much more our focus on the competitive aspects in these lending marketplaces is what it does to selection quality and what it does ultimately to the nature of credit. And so the gradual decline in our growth rate, this is really now speaking of the whole card business, and I think as you can also see with our subprime percentage, that generally it has stayed flat or slightly actually grown over this period of time. But my point is a more universal point beyond subprime. The slowing of growth of Capital One has been probably minority parts affected by competition directly and majority parts just our own dialing back around the edges of our underwriting. And when I use this term, dial around the edges, what I really mean by that, we have hundreds of programs that we launch every year. And as we watch these effects in the marketplace and study all of our little test sales and everything else, we don't so much go in and out of programs and just stop doing things. What we do is we just tighten up a little bit and we take the marginal cuts around the edges and we just dial it back a little bit. And so pretty much if you go back to the peak growth of Capital One on the outstanding side was probably what we announced about one year ago. And from that point, which was really way at the kind of industry leading growth, we have just gradually dialed back a little bit off of that thing, plus a little bit more competition, leading us to where we are. The other thing I want to say is there's no dramatic thing right now that there's a change in the slope of our trajectory with respect to this. This is more of a continuation of the same thing that we've been doing for an extended period of time. And the reason I made my comments about growth is I put together accelerating industry growth and sort of continuation for us dialing around the edges still in the context of aggressive marketing, especially at the top of the marketplace. All that I think adds up to some moderation of growth, but that's more of a continuation of the trends that we've seen as opposed to any new point that I'm making today.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And that'll be from David Ho with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please pick up your handset or release your mute. We're still not able to hear you.
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. Sorry. Good afternoon. I just had a question around the vintage performance for the Domestic Card book. I know you called out before that the 2016 vintages had been performing slightly better than 2015. In terms of the seasoning, is that still the case? And how large is the magnitude of the drop-off from some of the vintages that are moving past peak? Does it tend to be flatter or more steep for subprime?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Okay. So, first of all, left me talk about 2016 and relative to 2015. So as we just talked about over the last year and a half, we have been really starting at the beginning of 2016 and increasing as we move through 2016, we were tightening our underwriting around the edges. As a result of these actions, we expected that credit losses on the 2016 vintage would come in lower than losses on the 2015 vintage. And the first indications were consistent with that. Given some of the trends in the industry and our latest data points and performance, we now believe that 2016 originations will come in on par with 2015 vintage losses. And I think there's an interesting thing I want to pull back on, a phenomenon I've seen a lot over the years, which is as you move into the parts of the cycle where growth is accelerating, you see effects that aren't exactly the same as you see in the rearview mirror. Now, we try to anticipate that and get in front of that. And as you can see, ironically – and it's not ironic. I mean, it's a fine outcome. But what we thought was getting around it to such an extent, 2016 was going to be lower than 2015. And, in fact, the very, very early reads on the vintages would be consistent with that. It turns out that the sort of offsetting effects ended up that we're on par between the two. But that's just to us so typical of how markets work. And our dialogue with you over time is trying to continually give you our view of the marketplace in which we operate. We then make our choices in anticipation of that and then calibrate as the results come in. So we feel great about all of our growth programs, 2014, 2015 and 2016. And even on this day when we're actually doing an upward recalibration of the loss guidance, I again want to say these three years of outsized growth are going to really pay handsomely in terms of the earnings power of the company over time. There was a – you asked and I realized there was an earlier question I didn't answer on how are the vintages from the beginning of this growth spurt doing. So let me just talk a little bit about our 2014 vintage because those are first originations in our accelerated growth period. And we can already see evidence of delinquencies and losses peaking and starting to moderate. So, again, this is the dynamic we've seen over and over for 20 years. What this call is about is calibrating when you have, in this case, three years of growth vintages piled on top of each other, to see how the actual timing and shape of the curves plays out for hundreds of programs. There are recalibrations along the way. And this is one of those recalibrations and it's a recalibration upward. But it takes nothing away from the dynamic of how all of these growth programs work, the incredible earnings power that they carry. And I think also we're going to look back and be really, really appreciative that we – and this was a conscious choice, of course – but really accelerated our growth in the period when the industry was not growing. And, in fact, it's an interesting thing that we're a little bit decelerating into the industry's acceleration at this point. And the performance of the 2014 vintage is typical of the way these vintages will turn and really be the basis for the earnings power in the future.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll move to Bill Carcache with Nomura Instinet.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Instinet: Thank you. Good evening. I appreciate you taking my question. If I'm understanding your guidance correctly, the charge-off rate and the allowance as a percentage of loans that we now see are both at about 5.1% in Domestic Card should not keep rising and basically can hold at or below these levels. Is that a correct interpretation? And then separately, is it reasonable to assume that both of those metrics, the charge-off rate and the reserve rate, can both remain at or below these levels that we saw this quarter if the labor markets remain healthy, as we look out at the rest of this year and into next?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, Scott, do you want to answer some of that? You go ahead and start, and I'll...
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. Let me talk a little bit about the allowance and then, Rich, you can talk about where rates are going. So in terms of the allowance, remember that the allowance is always based on our ending outstandings and balances that exist as of the end of the quarter. So some of the charge-off guidance that we've given also incorporates – the guidance by definition incorporates the charge-offs that we may incur on growth throughout the year. So there's a little bit of that that's baked in to there. But pulling up on the allowance, just to reiterate a few things. So, one, implicit in our EPS guidance is our view that the Q1 allowance build is going to be the peak quarterly build for 2017. I mentioned that for Domestic Card, as we've talked about the upward pressure from growth math is starting to moderate as with work through 2017. And so with that type of pressure gone, we should see the allowance then starting to just be moved by more macro types of things as well as growth. So changes in those factors, all of them can certainly cause things to move around. But at this point, based on the guidance and what we see today, we think that that was the peak for allowance builds in 2017.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: And, Bill, just to comment about your question about where losses go from here. We've been very focused on trying to share with investors the impact of growth on credit metrics. There's always the economy and other things that can affect things and we don't really – we're not really trying to be in that prediction business. But we're in the growth math story, we're actually at an important moment here because this is the peak of the growth mass effects. Now, that's not the same thing to say this is the peak of losses in a sense that, I mean, we've got seasonality and a lot of things going on that help here, too. But growth math is by definition the upward pressure on losses that come from an outsized burst of growth. So we're talking about upward pressure. But here's the key thing, this is the peak of those growth math effects. As I saw in one of the analyst articles, Speaking Nerdily, if you talk about the second derivative, we are now the rate of growth is going down from here. And, in fact, the growth math effect will moderate over the course of this year and just has a small tail in 2018. And what you're left with, of course, is, with respect to credit, is just all the other factors that drive credit, the industry factors, the economy factors and everything else. But the growth math story from this big burst of growth will have mostly played out over the course of this year.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Instinet: That's extremely helpful, Rich. Thank you. If I may squeeze in my follow-up. I wanted, Rich, to follow up around your earlier comments around lower recovery rates impacting severity in subprime auto. But I was hoping to ask you if you could please focus your thoughts a little bit more on the frequency side. There has been obviously a lot of concern in subprime auto in recent months that's trickled into subprime card. And I just was hoping that you could discuss whether in your view delinquency rates in subprime auto and subprime card are highly correlated in this market, or are there differences between subprime delinquency trends in card versus auto? I would love to hear your thoughts on that.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, well, the first thing I want to say is that card delinquencies are a lot more telling than auto delinquencies. And so that's point number one. So whenever you – I always just take as one part of a lot of pieces of information when you're looking at auto what's happening to delinquencies because the way that people pay, and, frankly, really what happens is they wait. A lot of people wait until the moment before a car would be repossessed. And then the key thing is the payment rate at that point. And that's a lot more telling than the delinquency patterns that precede that. So that's just more of a general observation. Whereas in the card business, delinquencies tend to just march on their way to charge-offs in fairly predictable ways. There has been a lot written about and talked about the auto business. And we have been one of the vocal commentators about the auto business for a long period of time. And I want to say you may notice, Bill, that we actually grew. We grew in our originations in the quarter. This was a pretty solid year of growth for Capital One. And so our actions in each of these businesses I think are reflective of our view of these. We've looked with quite a bit of concern on the card side about the growth of supply. And that's been the key driver for us to dial back there. In the auto business, the underlying consumer is the same. The economy effects and various things are the same. There's one anomalous difference that's going in the opposite direction of the card business, and it is the thing that has led us to be growing despite being so vocal about concerns about this marketplace. And that is what's happening on the supply side. There are at least a couple of big players in the marketplace that are pretty significantly dialing back and have done so gradually over the course of the last year. And as I've always said, for however important you think supply matters on the card side, it matters even more on the auto side because there's an auction marketplace there. And the supply and the pricing when you have auctions going on one dealer at a time really pressures the performance of growth and ultimately can have ripple effects on credit. So here we are with all of our concern about used car prices, our concern about consumer indebtedness that is growing and we're trying to also incorporate the supply side that is moving in the opposite direction that's led us to have a surge of growth here. We're actually now stepping in more to probably take that in terms of price and margin, less so in volumes just because we continue to share the macro concerns about progressively moving along in the cycle relative to consumer indebtedness.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll move to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. Good evening. I'm sorry to keep asking this question, but just on the charge-off rate as we look out to the next year, Rich, taking all your comments together, as we look out to next year and to first quarter, in the absence of some kind of macro weakness or macro impact, it would appear, given that you have a small tail related to growth math, that you wouldn't see significant pressure year-over-year in the charge-off rate. Obviously, there's seasonality through the year this year. But as we look out to next year, it would seem like there shouldn't be much of an upward bias to the rate. Is that correct?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, Sanjay, I'm going to stick with the comments that we have made on that topic. But with respect to growth math, the story is really just has a small tail next year. And it's really mostly going to be a story about where the card industry is and the economy are at that time. And we won't probably be talking that much about growth math anymore.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then I guess when we look at this range of EPS growth that you guys have called out for this year, is the delta just what the provision might be, or are there other factors that we should consider?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: I think that the range represents – I mean this is not like a massively scientific exercise. Obviously, there are judgment calls. This represents the range that we believe that we can do, even despite the credit pressures on earnings this year. And I think it's a reflection of the underlying earnings power of the business, the continuing momentum of efficiency. But that's the range that we chose there. It's not massively scientific.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: I'd just add in, I think that the range certainly takes into account the charge-off guidance range that we gave you, but also the fact that other parts of the income statement can move up and down and that we're not expecting to, as long as we're inside that charge-off range, that that's a direct path through either way and that there's going to be puts or takes to land inside that EPS range.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Pardon, I just want to say one other thing about that one. We don't usually, I mean usually, but we rarely – I have to think back when's the last time we gave EPS guidance at Capital One? It was a long time ago. So a little bit probably all of you should be wondering what on earth are we doing stepping out and doing something like this. But the reason for doing it is that we really did want to show the underlying earnings power of the business, the momentum we have on the efficiency side and, in a sense, demonstrate that even with the front-loaded pressure that happens whenever you have a credit event because then you bring all the allowance effects for it and it gets to be pretty intense, that there is still earnings power at a time like this that the business can generate. And I think that that's really the point that we're making here. We're also making the point that this doesn't have like an infinite capacity to absorb surprises from here. And we want to be clear about that. But we're certainly all-in driving to generate that EPS growth.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take that from Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you and good afternoon. Rich, the RoE has come down over the last couple of years, and I guess driven in part by the growth math. But your capital ratios have come down to where you've targeted. So we shouldn't see returning of capital beyond earnings. What is the right RoE for Capital One, the return on tangible equity? Where would you like it to be? What kind of a range is proper as the business mix has shifted?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, Bob, one thing that's very clear right now, there are a couple of things that are pressuring RoE. At the top of the list is growth. And with growth comes a double whammy on the credit side. One because of originations have front-loaded loss curves. So you have that effect. And then of course on the allowance side, you're bringing forward everything even more so. And the other thing is the significant investment that Capital One has been doing in transforming our company in response to the biggest revolution in the history of mankind and something that's going to absolutely transform banking and is only in the very early stages of doing that. So those two effects collectively have pulled down the earnings power of Capital One relative to what you might say is the more inherent earnings power. So where do we go from here? I'm not going to give a specific guidance on that number, but both of these things we're investing in are going to be good guys in terms of the returns of the company. The tremendous growth over the last few years in the card business as we pass through the seasoning of the vintages turns into a significant good guy on the earnings side, and that's a pretty sustainable kind of earnings stream there. And there's a striking thing that's been happening on the tech side, and that is that while we continue to invest heavily in technology and we will continue to do so, we also keep a meter of what are the savings that are directly attributable to this. And this meter is growing and it's growing pretty darn significantly. So it's very clear where that's headed over time and that's going to become more of a good guy over time. So the very thing that's holding down earnings in the recent time period and sort of like now is the very thing that over time is going to be the things that I think will propel both the returns to be higher and, frankly, put Capital One in a position to be at the higher end of the League Tables in terms of growth.
Robert Paul Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. And my follow-up question is just on rewards. Are you seeing any signs? Do you think that rewards competition has peaked as credit losses start to move up a little bit, does that put some pressure on the ability to offer rewards for the industry? So do you expect to see – have you seen competition stabilize and do you expect it to pull back at all on the rewards side?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: I would not invest on any thesis that rewards competition's going to get to be less. I'm going to predict it will increase. Now, the rate of increase may lessen. There's been a lot of competition in the last year, but I don't see any evidence that rewards competition is declining. I think what you might see is maybe it's going to settle out more. I think that's the optimistic case that it settles out. Frankly, I really think if you go back and talk about how do you win, I'll give you my own view, how do we win in the heavy spender marketplace. So much of the conversation and what's on TV and everything is about product. And product, of course, it's an important thing and it's a thing that there's a lot of arms race going on about. But winning is about product. It's about marketing. It's about customer experience. It's about brand. And it's hard to snap your fingers and get in a great place with respect to those. But a comment about each. I think maybe over time the product competition might settle out a little bit because that's where it has been most intense. Marketing, we spent more than two decades building this company around in a sense the science of marketing as well as the art of marketing. But what you see in terms of TV marketing and so on, behind-the-scenes, the even in many ways more important thing is the whole world of digital marketing, the power of information-based strategies to do that. That's a very important part of this. The customer experience, that's classically thought of in terms of things like the call center servicing experience. And companies like Capital One have invested heavily in that and have really, really I think now high performance with respect to that. But there's a whole new world coming on the customer experience side. And that's, of course, the digital customer experience where we're going all in on that and that's going to be a real competitive battleground of differentiation. And finally, in the end, the hardest one to buy, but maybe the important one is brand itself. And I think the companies that have really gone all in on quality and sustain their investment in this part of the market for a long time are going to be rewarded by that. That's certainly what we're doing. So if I pull way up on that, certainly, we're all watching the competition around product. I think this'll be a competitive marketplace. In the end, I think competitors are going to fully internalize to win, you've got to win across all those dimensions. And the best ones will.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take Matt Burnell with Well Fargo Securities.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Rich, you've mentioned several times tonight your focus on efficiency and improving the efficiency down to 51% this year, around that area, from 52% previously. Can you give us a little more color as to what initiatives or what areas would be most likely to benefit from that focus, relative to...
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yes.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: ...rather than what it might have been three to six months ago?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, yeah, Matt. First of all, I want to clarify the guidance is in the 51%s. The prior guidance was in the 52%s. So I just want to be clear about that. So first of all, we've been very, very focused on this. And it is clear to us, in many ways back to the earlier question that was asked about the return profile of the business, it's very, very clear that a central way that our investors get paid is through operating efficiency. And so we have been very, very focused on that. Where have we been generating that? First of all, just plain old-fashioned operating leverage. If you look at the numbers in the card business, you can see that. On the technology side, the relentless pursuit of efficiency. Even though I've said many, many times the technology investments are not motivated first and foremost in order to save money, frankly, it's for a lot of the other benefits that of a great customer experience, the ability to transform how the business works and so on. But along the way, the cost side is going to be an important beneficiary as we drive out analog costs and bring down the costs of our technology infrastructure and things like computing, storage, software development. Also benefiting the efficiency side I think has been opportunities we've seen, frankly, on the old-fashioned again, on the pricing and margin side. We've had some opportunities across our business on that side as well. All of these things have been moving in the same direction and with a lot of driving from us. But all of it is manifesting itself in the ability to lower by a whole notch the efficiency ratio for the very year that we are now entering.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. That's helpful. And Rich, or actually maybe Scott, let me go on that idea of the pricing and margin side. You actually grew average interest-bearing deposits this quarter by about $6.5 billion. Didn't see much of an increase in the cost of those deposits. Can you give us a sense as to how you're thinking about deposit beta going forward? If there's anything unusual in that growth in the interest-bearing deposit base?
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Matt. It's Steve Crawford. There's nothing unusual. The growth, there was a little bit of a mix difference in the growth which drove the increase in deposit costs in the quarter, but really performance as expected.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to go back over one other issue related to operating expenses and that's on the marketing side. Rich, you talked about the window getting smaller here. Does that mean you're likely to have to spend more on marketing to get the customers you like? Or because the window is going to be tougher, you might just give up on some of the opportunities? I'm just trying to think if we should think about marketing maybe having some upward pressure on it or not in coming quarters.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. Well, so the first thing – I'm glad you asked the question. The first thing that I have found over time, and I think we're seeing it now, as the competitive cycle moves along and we start trimming around the edges as we've been doing for a while, that thing doesn't directly translate into marketing because we still are doing the same programs and we still want our customers to sign up for those and we still very much want to make sure we get positive selection relative to that. And so what tends to happen as you move through the more competitive part of the cycle is that marketing, you just get a little bit less for a similar investment in a lot of ways. So that's point one. But that's a very important distinction. It's not like we're getting good return on it. We are very, very pleased with the return and we measure that. We have metrics all over the place about the different denominators, the return on this marketing. And I think we feel very, very good about it and it's very comfortably above a threshold. The second point I want to make is, a bunch of the marketing cost is for going right at the top of the marketplace. That's the rewards part of the business. That is a business that it's competitive in the classic business sense of competitive, but it doesn't have that second overlay of the credit impacts of so much supply. So there we just we continue to actually see a lot of success in what we would call the spender and heavy spender part of the marketplace. We're happy with our investment and our returns there, and we're continuing to market there. So the only thing that's really getting trimmed around the edges is the underwriting cuts for our various credit programs. That's going to lead to a continuation of the slight deceleration you've seen over the last four quarters. Doesn't really have a lot of impact on marketing. But I would also say that we're not looking at this and saying, oh, my gosh, we've got to now massively ramp up the marketing to try to stay competitive.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Got it. Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Good afternoon. Rich, I heard what you said about 2016 vintages being on par with 2015, but a couple of your peer card players have actually indicated that 2016 is actually heading above 2015 levels. And I just want to get your thoughts on that. Is there risk that 2016 could actually be higher than 2015?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, the first thing I want to say is whenever we are on any statement that I would make about our portfolio, the more recent stuff is always more subject to uncertainty and, therefore, to change than things that are older, obviously, because the older it is, the more established the vintage curves are and it's really not going anywhere in that sense, right? Even this revision that we've been talking about here, in some ways 2016 had the most revision on a proportional basis, probably then 2015, a lot less so 2014 and so on. It's just that same principle. The closer you are to having just been originated, the more information is still coming in that makes it subject to revision. Now, I think the right way to look at 2016 vintages and their performance is what our competitors are saying, because not only have competitors said that, we have looked at credit bureau data. And if you construct vintage curves out of credit bureau data, you can find that exact effect that in 2016, the vintage curves in many ways starting around the second quarter industry-wide started gapping out relative to earlier ones. Okay? Now, to us, this shows up in a different way, which is the thing I said that where we were headed to have 2016 better than 2015 because we had made anticipatory cuts with a tighter credit box. That effect that you're referring to, Jonathan (1:07:11), actually led to an offset of these two effects. So it's kind of a wash and our 2016 appears to be on par with 2015.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then separately, just in terms of the growth math impact, I guess it's implying you still expect a degree of earnings leverage as this plays out. I mean, what type of magnitude of leverage do you expect? Is this something you would still call a coiled spring? And when now do you think that that could materialize? Thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: We've used the term coiled spring to describe the creation of earnings power from our card growth. And, well, basically as we're growing rapidly, the near-term returns of course are pressured by these high upfront costs. And with vintage curves with higher up-front losses and allowance build that brings it all forward. And then you put several years of growth in succession, and that further amplifies and extends this effect. So that's basically what we call the coiled spring and it remains in a very coiled position. The precise timing of uncoiling depends in many ways on the actual shape and timing of the vintage curve from hundreds of programs. But the key thing that – the first thing to look for is as we now take one metaphor of coiled spring and turn to another term called growth math, the thing to look for is when the rate of increase in charge-offs starts to decline. And that is happening basically as we speak. So what happens as the growth math effect plays out over the course of this year and there's a small tail of that next year, that puts us in a position to enjoy more of the benefits of the spring uncoiling. But to be fair, the uncoiling is not a moment in time. This is a phenomenon that happens as the vintage curves from a bunch of programs gradually settle out, the loss curves gradually decline and there's just a continual uncoiling that goes on as that happens.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Manam Ghusali (1:10:00) on for Betsy Graseck. Quick question. Can you speak to what impact the Cabela's portfolio would have on your NCO outlook?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Could you repeat the question. Sorry, I couldn't hear the last part there.
Unknown Speaker: Could you speak to what impact the Cabela's portfolio acquisition would have on your NCO outlook?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Sure. Well, let's just go through a few things. One, remember that all of our guidance excludes Cabela's. And so until we actually are able to have a really firm date as to when that thing is going to close, we're excluding it from our guidance. So just a reminder on Cabela's, that deal still requires regulatory approval, just not for us but for others. And so as soon as that regulatory approval happens, we'll be looking to close as quickly as possible. And at that point, we would anticipate providing more information about the impact of that deal on the company's outlook.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. And separately, your tax rate was a lot lower this quarter. Was that related to the accounting change on RSUs?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, this is Scott again. And that's absolutely right. We did have a reduction of around $24 million of a benefit that went through the tax line item that was associated with the new accounting standard.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We will take Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. I want to reconcile a few things here. When we look at the NCO guidance for 2017, it's essentially been raised twice since you first laid out the framework for 2017 about 15 months ago. The second thing that we're trying to understand is, and Moshe alluded to this, there was a pretty significant and atypical reserve build in the first quarter. And you saw the normal seasonal runoff, you saw the improvement in delinquencies. And Scott alluded to the fact that other factors drove reserve build. When we parsed through all of this, I think the takeaway that you led everybody to is that the 2016 vintage is seasoning worse than you expected previously. That's great. Now we need to understand why that's happening. I mean, I think that's really the crux of what's going on here. And we know what; now let's try to delve into why.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Rick, so first of all, this is not entirely just about 2016. Proportionally, just like I said earlier, the more recent the thing we're looking at, and in many ways, this is something I've seen before in the past because obviously we don't have a lot of data preceding that. But the more recent, the more there's been an adjustment. So proportionally, the 2016 vintage was adjusted the most, but there was an adjustment in 2015 and even an adjustment in 2014 as we're watching the various vintage curves play out. So I just wanted to make that clarification. It's not entirely a 2016 story. So I don't think we're in a position to put a precise finger on this effect that was commented on earlier that a few other players have talked about something in 2016. We see in credit bureau data there's definitely some gapping out a little bit in terms of vintage curves. But we go back to watching the marketplace evolve. The trends that we saw six quarters ago start to accelerate in terms of the supply side of the business. And we have been pretty vocal about that there are a natural set of things that happen when the industry supply increases. One can't predict exactly when they are or what magnitude, but they tend to happen. So we're not really in a sense surprised by any of these effects. In terms of precision on what's going on, I don't think we've got a great explanation. But I think that this is in many ways what happens as markets get more supply. And we've got to also remember, we're coming off the bottom of the most seasoned and we probably won't see this again for hopefully not for a long, long time in terms of what happened with the Great Recession, but the seasoning of everybody's portfolio and the survivorship of everybody's portfolio and what has happened now as the industry off of that base starts growing and then, frankly, accelerates into a higher level of growth. For us, it's all part of a natural process of our actually decelerating into their acceleration.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, Rich. And, look, we start with the premise that you guys are really good at credit. That's been our thesis on the stock. And I guess what I'm hearing is that ex-post factors in terms of competitive behavior have had a material impact on credit performance, on vintages that you thought you had a pretty tight understanding on.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, I think competition for more than 20 years, Rick, I have seen the competitive environment affect credit performance. And so I'm not sure that there's any new point that I'm making here. And nor are we saying, gosh, there's some big industry effect. I want to go back to what we said before. We made a conscious choice to grow way above market rates, not only in 2014, but again in 2015 and well into 2016. That's a lot of growth on top of each other. Growth programs have an inherent uncertainty about how the actual vintages precisely play out on their shape and their timing, not their ultimate outcome and the returns which we feel fabulous about. In many ways, what we're talking about here is a refinement with the benefit of more data that has led to an overall modest upward revision in terms of the overall loss rate that we expect in 2017. And that's just a reflection of how the management of the business works. And this time, unfortunately, it's an upward adjustment and that hurts in terms of the allowance build associated with that. But the underlying story is really the same. The earnings power of the growth, the opportunity we see in the card business including in the subprime part of the marketplace, the coiled spring, the earnings power, and, in fact, even at a time like this, we still like our chances to get pretty good EPS growth in the 7% to 11% range
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Rick, I've got to come back just real quick on your allowance question and make sure that we have this really clear, because the allowance build in the quarter was principally driven by the change in charge-off guidance. That is vastly the build. We always add qualitative factors on top of that. And when you've got an environment where there's a lot of competitive activity going on, those are factors that typically get captured in your qualitative factors. So like every period, we added those on top, but growth is a factor there, too. So I wanted to make sure that it was clear that the primary factor was the change in charge-off guidance.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question comes from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good evening, gentlemen. And I appreciate the time for the question. Look, I really appreciate all the commentary you're trying to provide around credit. I have really two questions that I'm hoping you might be able to give us a very blunt or factual answer around. In terms of losses, there's this concept of cumulative losses. I know you're familiar with it. Is there a way to frame 2014 or 2015 vintages in terms of cumulative losses in subprime credit cards? I mean, everybody's looking at growth curves and they may understand that they peak a couple of years after the vintage. But it'd be really helpful if we knew what the end state of those losses would be within what Capital One's doing on subprime credit cards. If not for Capital One specifically, what would your assessment be of the industry cumulative losses?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, Ken. The very concept that has a lot of power in auto because it's a term loan doesn't really work so well on the card side. And also depending on where people play in the subprime marketplace, the losses can vary by a multiple of each other. So we have spent two decades building in a sense the information base and database capability to identify in the subprime marketplace who are the diamonds in the rough, if you will, the people that look like maybe they're not so good credit, but turn out to be a lot better than that. And that's a couple of decades worth of investment, including making it through the Great Recession successfully. But the cum loss concept isn't really probably the operative thing. What I will say is, most importantly, we measure this in terms of the net present value of our programs. And to go back to something I said earlier, we go and we measure before, during and after every program what is the net present value of that program. And we have hundreds and hundreds of programs. We add those all up by year and then look at what the entire value created for that year is. We have done that and we continue to revise that all of the time. Our current view is, even including the latest data on credit, is that 2014, 2015 and 2016 vintages, the total net present value of these is really at the very high end from all – you'd have to go all the way back to the early 2000s to find something exceeding these levels. And so, to us, it's about the value creation. And the other critical variable is the resilience. How do these perform under stress? And I think what we like about this collectively, all the things we're originating, is I think there's a lot of earnings power there. The resilience I think has been well demonstrated. And I think the growth programs that we're talking about today are the foundation of a lot of earnings power for Capital One for years to come.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And just finally, you pointed out that other credit card companies are growing. That obviously gets you in a little bit of a situation where they're potentially increasing leverage on the same customers that you've in essence capped out yourself. How do you protect yourself in that environment where there could be increasing indebtedness in the U.S. card book so that you could mitigate some of that risk?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Ken, it's a great question and it's a question we obsess about every single day because, in this business, customers, they don't just say, I've got one credit card and that's all they do. We can do all of our underwriting and have it just seem perfect and then the customer can take on a lot of debt, big high lines and other things, even in cards or beyond cards, and then that can spoil what we had planned. There're no guarantees in this business. What we do is try to watch a few decade's worth of experience in doing this and try to build in, most importantly, the resilience for things that might happen. How do we build resilience? Be very, very careful on credit line. How do we build resilience? Build it into the margin of the business, build it into the way that we manage the accounts over time and do this in the context of being absolute students of what is now more than two decade's worth of experience in the good times and the bad, the good decisions, the mistakes, the whole thing, the Great Recession. And while there are no guarantees, that is basically what we do. But your question I think goes to the heart of why in the end this isn't an actuarial science. This is a dynamic risk management business.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for your time and all your conversation this evening. Appreciate it.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Bye, Ken.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, thank you, Ken. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on this conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The investor relations team will be here in this evening to answer any questions you may still have after the call. I wish everybody a good evening.
Operator: Everyone, this concludes the call for this evening. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Anne, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2016 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Steve Crawford, Head of Finance and Corporate Development; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation, and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Also note that this presentation may include a discussion of certain non-GAAP measures. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our SEC filings and in the financial supplement available on our website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Blackley. Scott?
Scott Blackley: Thanks Jeff. Let me begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $791 million or a $1.45 per share in the fourth quarter. Pre-provision earnings were down from the third quarter as higher revenues were more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses driven by seasonal and growth related costs. Noninterest income in the quarter was negatively impacted by $42 million of accounting hedge and effectiveness driven by the magnitude and shape of the rate changes in the quarter. Provision for credit losses increased as the smaller allowance build compared to the third quarter was more than offset by higher charge-offs. Notable items in the quarter included the following; a build in our U.K. payment protection insurance customer refund reserve of $44 million or $0.09 a share, an impairment charge associated with certain acquired intangibles and software assets of $28 million or $0.04 a share, and an allowance build in our auto business reflecting a change in accounting estimate of the timing of charge-offs of bankrupt borrowers of $62 million or $0.08 per share. Turning to full-year 2016 results, Capital One earned $3.8 billion or $6.89 per share. Pre-provision earnings of $11.9 billion were up 15% year-over-year as higher revenues were partially offset by higher noninterest expense. Net income for 2016 was down 7% as higher pre-provision earnings were more than offset by additional provision for credit losses. Full-year efficiency ratio was 52.7% excluding adjusting items down from 54.3% in 2015. As you can see on Slide 4, reported net interest margin increased six basis points in the fourth quarter to 6.85% in line with the prior year increase and primarily driven by higher card yields. Turning to Slide 5, as of the end of 2016 our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 10.1%, which reflects current phase in. On a standardized fully phased-in basis it was 9.9%. We reduced our net share account by 9 million shares in the quarter or 2%. Full-year 2016 share count came down 9%. As you know we had an authorization to repurchase up to 2.5 billion of common stock. We've now completed 80% of our authorization at an average price of under $72 per share. With that let me turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Scott. I'll begin tonight on Slide 8 of our Domestic Card business. Loan growth and purchase volume growth remained strong. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year our ending loans grew $9.2 billion or about 10%. Average loans were up $8.9 billion or about 11%. Fourth quarter purchase volume increased about 10% from the prior year. We continue to like the return and resilience profile of the business we're booking. Revenues for the quarter increased 9% from the prior year slightly lagging average loan growth. Even with the positive margin impacts of higher subprime mix, revenue margin declined year-over-year as expected with our exit of the back book of payment protection products at the end of the first quarter. Revenue margin for the fourth quarter was 16.8%. Domestic Card purchase volume grew 10% versus the fourth quarter of last year. Fourth quarter net interchange revenue for the total company was flat versus the year ago quarter. As we discussed there's considerable quarterly volatility in the relationship between these two metrics. For the past several years on an annual basis net interchange growth has been well below Domestic Card purchase volume growth and we'd expect that to continue. Noninterest expense increased just 4% compared to the prior year quarter. Our Domestic Card business continues to gain scale and improve efficiency. As we discussed for several quarters the dominant driver of year-over-year charge-off rate trends is growth math which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances in our front book season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio relative to the older and highly seasoned back book. In the fourth quarter growth math drove the increase in charge-off rate compared to the prior year. Seasonality and growth math drove the increase in charge-off rate compared to the linked quarter. For the full year 2016 charge-off rate was 4.16% in line with our guidance. We continue to expect full-year 2017 charge-off rate to be in the mid-4 with quarterly variability. Growth math remains the largest driver of expected trends in the 2017 charge-off rate. Growth math began to impact charge-off rates in 2015. In terms of contribution the year-over-year change in the charge-off rate, the peak impact of growth math was in 2016. We expect the impact to moderate in 2017 especially in the second half of the year. Beyond 2017, we expect growth math will have only a modest effect. As an update on our Cabela's transaction, we do not expect to receive regulatory approval prior to October 3, 2017. This is the day when any of the parties involved in either the retailer deal or the bank deal can choose to terminate the transaction. Within the next week or so we expect to either withdraw our bank merger act application or have our application denied by the OCC. Ordinarily a bank would withdraw its application before receiving a denial but in this case our bank deal is tied up with the retailer deal which requires us to get consent from Cabela's in order to withdraw. In either case whether we withdraw application or it is denied we will not be in a position to refile our application until after we have completed our work under the AML consent order. We remain committed to this deal and we will continue to work with Cabela's and Bass Pro toward completing the transaction. Pulling up, we continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business but the marketplace is moving. Competitive intensity across the card business remains high and revolving credit has been growing at about 7% year-over-year meaningfully faster than household income growth. As these trends continue, we believe the Domestic Card industry has moved into the more intense part of the competitive cycle. Now against this backdrop we continue to monitor the marketplace vigilantly and we continue to dynamically manage our origination and underwriting and anticipation. We believe the growth window of opportunity remains open but it's clear that this opportunity won't last forever. Slide 9 summarizes fourth quarter results from our consumer banking business. Ending loans grew about 4% compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up about 5% versus the prior-year. Fourth quarter auto originations were $6.5 billion with strong growth in prime, near prime and subprime. Some of the aggressive competitor practices have moderated somewhat but we see opportunities for continuing growth the auto market and competitor practices remain dynamic and we will be very vigilant. Similar to our Domestic Card growth, we like the earnings profile and resilience of the auto business that we're booking. Our underwriting assumption include a decline in used car prices. We continue to focus on resilient originations and we continue to expect a gradual decrease in margins and a gradual increase in charge-off as the cycle plays out. We also expect upward pressure on the auto charge-off rate as a result of the accounting treatment of bankrupt accounts that got discussed. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased about 3% from the fourth quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans and higher deposit volumes was partially offset by margin compression in auto and planned runoff of mortgage balance. Noninterest expense for the quarter increased 5% compared to the prior-year quarter driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in retail deposit marketing. For the full year we recognized about $160 million in branch optimization cost in line with our expectation. These costs show up in the other category rather than in the consumer banking segment. Fourth quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior-year primarily as a result of charge-offs in addition to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio. We expect that several factors will continue to negatively affect consumer banking financial results. In the home loan business planned mortgage runoff continues and in auto finance we expect that margins will continue to decrease modestly and net charge-off rate will rise. Moving to Slide 10 I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Fourth quarter ending loan balances increased 6% year-over-year driven by growth in selected industry specialty. Average loans increased 16% year-over-year. Average loan growth resulted primarily from the acquisition of the GE healthcare business in the fourth quarter of 2015. Revenue grew 18% from the fourth quarter of 2015 and noninterest expense was up 15% consistent with the growth in average loan. Provision for credit losses declined 52 million from the fourth quarter of last year as allowance release driven by the impact of higher oil and gas prices was partially offset by higher charge-offs. Fourth quarter charge-offs were primarily driven by continuing pressure in our taxi medallion portfolio. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 47 basis points. Criticized and nonperforming loans rate were stable in the quarter. The commercial bank criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.7% and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 1.5%. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolio. We've provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves and other metrics for these portfolios on Slide 14 and 15. I'll close tonight with some thoughts on fourth quarter result and our outlook as we head into 2017. We posted another quarter of strong growth in Domestic Card loan balances and purchase volumes, as well as growth in auto and commercial loans driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue and related increases in operating expense and provision for credit loss. We've been working hard to improve the efficiency by growing revenues realizing analog cost savings and other efficiency gains as we become a more digital company and tightly managing costs across the enterprise. Our efforts are paying off. Our efficiency ratio for the full year 2016 was 52.7% net of adjusting items an improvement of 164 basis point from 2015. We continue to expect that our near-term annual efficiency ratio excluding adjusting items will be in the 52s plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility. Over the longer term we continue to believe that we should be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Pulling up our strong growth over the last two years puts us in a position to deliver solid EPS growth in 2017 assuming no substantial change in the broader credit and economic cycle. We expect that revenue will grow and will drive growth in pre-provision earnings as well. We expect the upward pressure from growth math on the allowance for loan losses will moderate and we're reducing share count. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth in return as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. Now Scott, Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll go ahead and take our first question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thanks. Rich, you mentioned the Domestic Credit market is in the intense part of the competitive cycle, I guess. When we think about how that impacts the growth trajectory looking out to 2017, should we expect the growth rate to moderate because of that?
Richard Fairbank: I think that it will contribute to a - I think this window is still open but as I've been saying kind of every consecutive quarter you know this thing won't stay open forever so I’ll leave you with two points. One, we're still all-in in pursuing the window but I think that but let me comment for a bit just about the kind of natural physics that go along with the what's happening on the supply side. First of all just to comment on the supply side. You know after a number of years post the great recession where the growth of revolving debt was near zero or even negative, it is crept up in the last couple of years and now it is running at a 7% year-over-year rate and obviously that's a faster growth rate than the economy is doing. And if you look at this growth it is broad-based although subprime growth has picked up and is now growing faster than prime. So currently if you exclude Capital One's impact on the metric about 34% of the industry's growth is in subprime and subprime card loans are growing 13% year-over-year versus prime which is growing about 6% year-over-year. Now I really want to stress this is off – and particularly in the subprime side off of a - much lower base following the great recession, so let's just ground that a little bit. We went back and looked at the data here, prime loans decreased 12% from prerecession levels and they began growing again in 2011. Subprime loans decreased 43% from prerecession levels and didn't start growing until 2014. So subprime industry outstandings right now are at 74% of prerecession levels and prime industry outstanding are basically right at prerecession levels. So clearly the subprime growth is - happened later and its off of the lower bank but the growth has physics and that's what I know - I'm always focused on because when you have - consumers taking on debt and competitors you know supplying more debt that can affect both the volume and the selection quality of new origination, as well as of course you know impacting existing customers who along the way can take on more debt. So what we do when we see that is we just - we try to manage Sanjay in anticipation of this because we view it as the physic and we are very - we've always said we can't predict the economic cycle but we really can watch and react to the credit cycle which isn’t the same thing as the economic cycle. So we are very focused on resilient, we try to anticipate how supply changes end up making their way into the credit performance of who we might originate and if I pull way up on all of that, we can continue to make very conservative assumptions in our underwriting, we managed to a belief that we are now in the intense part of the cycle but even with all that considered we still see a important growth opportunity available for us, is the window of opportunity and we will continue to pursue it obviously with our eyes very wide open.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. My follow-up question is on the Cabela's portfolio. So when we think about that deal, can that deal be consummated without the bank merger occurring? So could you buy the portfolio without doing the bank deal? Or is that a non-starter for Cabela's? And I guess when we think about the partner you have in on that deal, are they willing to be patient and wait for you to sort out the AML stuff?
Richard Fairbank: If we are to buy this it requires a bank merger act application and approval. Now we and Cabela's all the parties in this transaction are working incredibly hard to make this happen and obviously with respect to our own AML order which is the thing at that needs to get to for the approval to happen here, we're all in working incredibly hard. We're working with Cabela's, we are very committed to this transaction and we believe this can be a great deal for us and for Cabela's Bass Pro.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll next move to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Don Fandetti: Yes, Scott. I just wanted to clarify, the $42 million hedge amount, I guess that's why the other segment had a negative, and in theory, I guess we add that to the adjusted revs of $6.593. Am I thinking about that right?
Scott Blackley: Yes, I think we experienced what I think a lot of other banks experience where the shape of the curve moved. That does go to other and it is a offset to noninterest income.
Don Fandetti: Got it. And then Rich, real quick on the 2016 Card vintage, Domestic Cards, was curious if you had any update on how that's trending?
Richard Fairbank: We still see '16 as coming in better than 2015 so our prior statement we feel viewing that the same way.
Operator: Next question comes from David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho: Hi. I just want to parse out the rate of increase in 2017, for the credit card charge-off rate, in the mid-4%s. You did mention that the growth math would slow. At what point do you think the credit normalization impact would slow, or do you?
Richard Fairbank: What are you defining as the credit? The credit normalization impact meaning growth math.
David Ho: No, just the natural re-levering of the consumer, some of the leverage impact you're seeing on the margin, just getting back from historically low levels, aside from growth math.
Richard Fairbank: Look what we have tried to describe to help our investors think about the credit card growth - the trajectory of credit card charge-offs is to divide it into two very different thing. One is what we call growth math which is the impact of - on the charge-off rate of the seasoning from a acceleration in origination. And the other is the general probably industry-wide affect that relate to the consumer, the amount of debt they're taking on and probably where things are in the economic cycle. We said for some time now that the - that our numbers are going to be dominated by growth math and we are we're still saying that but I'm also saying that we should just all understand we are kind of at that part of the cycle where the industry I think is off the bottom with respect to the exceptionally low levels of charge-offs that we've seen from the very, very seasoned portfolios, all across the industry. And so over the longer run our portfolio like all the card players is going to be - our performance is really going to be driven by this industry and affect but for now still the big story at Capital One is the seasoning of the - our front book and the math of how that plays out over - particularly over - as we played out in '16 and now in 2017.
David Ho: And in terms of the…
Richard Fairbank: Sorry, go ahead David.
David Ho: Sorry. Just one more question. I was fascinated by - you bring up a very good point about leverage kind of rising above income. Do you think that that in isolation could create an environment where consumer credit, and that space, continues to exhibit some of the lost attributes that you just called out, in absence of any kind of shock to rates, gas prices, or employment?
Richard Fairbank: I think we have to take the holistic picture here. I mean I think it is the card business has been benefited by a number of years of having relatively low growth and particularly on the subprime side a big shrinkage and a delayed growth. So I think it's all has to be evaluated in the context of - from where it started and for how long it's been going in and where it's headed. So our primary point has been - look in the end this is physics. The year after year just amazingly low losses it is - as we've said some quarters ago this has to be the bottom, things are going up from here all of that said you know I think that - I mean we are still - we are pursuing growth opportunities and continue to be optimistic about the originations that we can generate., So again we try to adjust based on an assumption that over time things will just gradually normalize. We try to get in front of that anticipate that, make our origination choices in the context of that and this view that we carry around internally, we just share that with our investors. So I think we're still pretty bullish about the opportunity. But I've said probably a year ago, I said that when I cross-calibrate all the businesses especially the parts of commercial, the auto business and the card business that the card business was in the most benign and competitively benign part of the cycle and that auto and commercial were farther along in the competitive and credit intensity. I would say the card business is certainly, I think caught up to the others - the others interestingly have had a little bit of almost a low if you will, and some stability there but all of the businesses in pulling way out banking in general is still moving along towards the more intense part of the credit cycle. But I think card has caught up.
Operator: Next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, Rich. Thanks. Following up on that last answer, how should we think about the things like marketing and rewards cost growth into 2017, given that commentary? Is there going to be any reduction there? And how do you think about Capital One's kind of role in that kind of competitive dynamic?
Richard Fairbank: I want to separate in a sense the intensity of competition around the heavy spender from the commentary I gave about lending. It's really in a sense two different business, the spending business and the lending business and both are competitive, both have become more competitive. But my commentary was really about the lending business because of the interaction between supply and ultimately the performance and things that make their way into consumers and credit performance and things over time and what I call kind of the physics of how cycles work. The spender business is one that when I get concerned about supply and the intensity of competition, it's not a concern that is going to ripple into the credit performance. It's all a matter of the level of competition. How much it cost to get accounts, how we go out and market to get those accounts. What is the prevailing level of rewards that people are offering and in the end what choices should we be making. So in the - so let me now comment about that business. That has also and it's - it will be a surprise to no one that say this, that has also become more competitively intense. You have seen some players on the cash back side kind of raise their offers up to a level higher than they were before and more consistent with some of the industry leaders there. You've seen probably the most intensity is come at the very top of the market going right after the very heavy spenders and that's a very priced customer segment. It's also very tough to prevail in that space, and that's very competitive. So we have said all along this - this market, I can't remember the last time I said that this market is not that competitive. I think it is very, very competitive and it is particularly competitive at this moment. Now when we look at this we - and you made a comment about our role in this whole thing, I mean as there are a few players who I think have gone very heavy into the spender business and we are one of them and all of us are contributing to that competitive intensity. But one thing I have found over the years and I believe so strongly about this business, this is a business that's about sustained commitments and building of a brand, building of a customer experience that is at the very high end a digital experience now that becomes very, very important in this thing, it's about the building a brand the marketing capabilities, and also product offer. Now we - it is not our view to just go rush out and just keep changing product offers constantly. It is our view that we need a very good offer, which I think we have across our businesses and then the leverage is in really being great across the dimensions that I mentioned. All of that said we continue while the competition is intense, to continue to grow that business significantly, we continue to really like what is happening to our customers when we get them and their balances, their utilization, the percentage that are first and wallet and a lot of characteristics that are key to the success of the program. So this is going to be competitive, I don't see a real course correction for Capital One here. I think that we are continuing to be one of the players that's going hard at this space and I think that we continue to see everything that we see is consistent where this is very value creating and generating of great long-term annuities.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks. Just as a somewhat unrelated follow-up, on the Auto bankruptcy, Scott, did you say like what caused - what triggered this, and over what period of time it would have otherwise been reported?
Scott Blackley: Yes, Moshe thanks for the question. I'm just kind of run through a summary of what we're doing. So the bankruptcy change is accelerating charge-off timing for certain bankruptcy accounts. So starting in 2017 within 60 days of receiving the notification of bankruptcy, we're going to charge that loan down to collateral value regardless of payment status. The net impact of that as you might be able to figure out is that we'll accelerate the charge-off timing and then we're subsequently going to have an increase in recoveries. So we would expect that over time, those things are basically going to start to offset each other. The change here is really an accounting shift and doesn't reflect a change in what we're seeing in the business for our expectations, recoveries or cash flows. We are still working through some of the process changes to implement that. So there's a bit of uncertainty as to when the exact impact will show up in charge-offs. You'll see this in a few other process change we're making, they’re going to start impacting the auto charge-offs really in the first half of 2017. You're going to see kind of a one-time larger impact as we process our current portfolio of BK loans. That will show up in the monthly metrics. We're going to put a marker on that so that you can see it. And then in terms of why, really this is something where I think our past practice has been pretty much where others have been in the industry. We're moving to a more conservative practice. I think that's really consistent with how regulators prefer big banks like us to manage things.
Operator: Next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hi, good evening, guys. Rich, in the past you used the phrase uncoiling the spring. I'm not sure if you referenced solid EPS growth on the call. But, I was wondering, do you still feel confident that we could see an acceleration in EPS growth? Or do you feel that the competitive pressures that you've talked about, from either the window closening or too much supply coming to the market, are going to prevent us from inevitably seeing that?
Richard Fairbank: I feel great about our prospects for generating earnings power from the coiled spring of growth that really three years of growth in the card business, where we have gone all into seize the opportunity when we really like this opportunity and you have watched the, pretty breathtaking upfront costs of doing that particularly in terms of - on the credit side, both the front-loaded - the front-loaded nature of credit cost in what we originate but then of course that even being more front loaded by the allowance builds that precede that. So that creates quite a coiled spring of earnings power and while it is true that the industry dynamics always are at play here, I think there is a lot of coiled earnings power here and while the precise levels of exactly how would, how it delivers itself always depends on industry things too. This is a pretty big effect and I do look forward to having the in a sense the potential energy that's been stored up in this spring to turn into the kinetic energy of earnings.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Maybe just one follow-up. Rich, you talked about all the progress that you made on efficiency this year, with over 160 basis points. When I think about the outlook today versus the last time we heard you speak, we've obviously seen the outlook for interest rates improve a lot, which I know historically was a headwind to efficiency gains in prior years. You talked about $160 million of Branch optimization costs, which I would assume likely won't repeat. Can you just give us a sense of, what are the incremental investments that you're being forced to make that are preventing you from making further efficiency gains this year relative to what you did in 2016? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: So I don't feel we're being forced to make a lot of incremental investments. We are certainly continuing to invest important places we're investing is as we talk, many, many times is on the digital side and it's - as I've said for a long time the digital transformation of us really into operating like a technology company that's not a one or two or three years thing that is, that is the transformation that - that in many ways the lifetime transformation because the world will continue to change. What I do want to say about that though is, while we continue to invest in that business. The very visible well, there are many benefits including growth and customer experience and ability to have an increasingly well controlled environment and compliance, the associated experience and all the stuff there are many benefits the meter, if you will of visible cost benefits that we're able to achieve directly as a result of the digital investments that meter is also growing too. So we don't have any change to share with you in terms of our outlook in the near term relative to efficiency ratio. But what we see – benefit that one of which is on the cost side, I think it is going to be a good guy that's going to help us over the long-term continue to achieve increased efficiency in the company, even as we also go out and capitalize on the enormous benefits that come from this digital transformation.
Operator: Next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi good evening. Question just on the efficiency topic you were talking about. Expectation is that it remains around 52%, which what I hear in that is, that you're expecting the - that any expense build is going to be in line with revenues, or is it the other way around? I mean, with marketing in particular, do you anticipate maybe a near term continuation of an uplift driving revenues, and then feeding the revenue growth behind it to hit that 52%?
Richard Fairbank: Well first of all, I want to say the guidance is in the 52s plus or minus reasonable variant of uncertainty there. But so we do believe that we're continuing to capitalize on the growth window. I think our marketing investment is going to be still pretty significant when you look at the competitive levels on the one hand but also the opportunity on the other hand. I think marketing investment is certainly going to be there and I have commented on some of the other investments. But I think when you pull up on all of it, which is a growth agenda and investment agenda and a whole bunch of savings that are also happening in the mix master, it nets out to an expectation of efficiency ratio in the 52s over the near term.
Betsy Graseck: And then on the provision side, you talked about Domestic Card 4.5%-ish, in that range. Is that -- we get typical seasonality throughout the year, I would expect. But is there anything else that would drive how that NCO is likely to traject throughout the year besides just seasonality?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So if you - so the two things - so seasonality we would expect to be the typical seasonality effect. We have talked about growth math on an annual basis that growth math being the upward, the upward pressure on charge-offs that comes from the seasoning of this front book of substantial originations. So, we've described, its biggest effect is in 2016 it still has an important effect in '17 and then it becomes pretty modest after that, that speaking one year at a time. If you look within a year it tends to move okay. That it's a bigger effect in the first part of this year then it is in the latter part of the year, just not as a seasonal thing, but consistent with the fact that this is gradually diminishing as an effect. So that, so that in addition to seasonality I think it's useful to put a little slope on the growth math effect over the course of the year.
Scott Blackley: One thing - Betsy this is Scott, one thing I do want to clarify our guidance is that losses in 2017, are going to be in the mid-4s. I think you put out a point estimate we've intentionally used mid-4s.
Operator: Next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks for taking my questions. Just a couple of small follow-ups on Auto. Rich, you mentioned that the competitive environment there is improving a little bit, and I think you made similar commentary last quarter. If we can just understand in what form you're seeing that, is that on pricing or on rate? Or, how is that manifesting itself?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. First of all, we should use a small letters not capital letters, with respect to this effect. It is - and we made a pretty big deal - we spoke with some alarm really about a year ago and you may remember it was in the year ago quarter that our originations I think our subprime originations dropped and then it dropped pretty materially at that time because we were alarmed about the underwriting practices that we started to see in the marketplace but not by most players but on a more isolated but important basis, we saw in one or two cases and it one or two competitors. That was more of a subprime phenomenon. It related to the amount of documentation and data that was going to be required to underwrite a loan and willingness to do it on a more low doc basis, which we didn't want to go there. That has not disappeared. That has mitigated if you will, so that we see the effect, but it is not as rampant as it was a year. So that is improving with a small eye if you will. Okay, but certainly don't - and then the other, the other thing that's going on I think in the prime part of the marketplace which has been very competitive in many ways, probably a little bit more competitive than cycle average, if you look at some of the effects on the margin side. I think there might be just a tiny bit of easing maybe about related to and I'm speculating here with respect to maybe certain capital requirements for players and the attractiveness of prime auto relative to that, this is again a relatively small effect, but certainly I would say the kind of steady - in steadily increasing pressure on the - competitively on the prime side has lightened up a little bit, but it's not, it's not a big effect but it was enough that we who especially when we talk about the auto business, we take what the market will give us and we don't take anything more than it will give us and buy and in the context of that, we've just found that this year it's got a little bit more to give us.
Eric Wasserstrom: Great. Thanks for that. And just on the - backing out the bankruptcy effect from this change in recognition, is there any change in your underlying you view on credit evolution?
Richard Fairbank: No, so if you separate that effect, we have said even obviously that the bankruptcy accounting effect that raises the expected number for next year. If you take that effect out, we do still expect that our charge-offs will be higher next year than this year. This is actually just a continuation of the kind of normalizing effect it's been going on for a number of years. And as we've mentioned over the years, we have seen and probably over the last few years, just a - each year successive vintage coming in just a little bit higher in terms of credit losses than the year before all very much consistent with very good business and all of that and is again the natural physics of kind of how the marketplace works. And the other thing on Capital One's loss rate is that we have for years our prime percentage in our portfolio has been going up and so that has - that's been an offsetting factor in the loss rate but as we've said over a number of years, there is still this gradual normalization that's going on and we still feel very good about the opportunity in the business.
Scott Blackley: I just want to pile on, I mentioned this earlier, but I just want to reiterate that the change that we made in accounting really was not associated with new or different view about recoveries or how we look at that and really was just moving to a more conservative process in that business.
Operator: Next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris Brendler: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon. On the net interchange growth of just 1%, I understand that it can be volatile on a quarter-to-quarter basis. I just want to make sure I'm clear here, that roughly 9% growth for the year, is that a good run rate? And can you just help us figure out or explain what drives that quarter-to-quarter volatility? I think in the past it may have been expansion of rewards programs or tweaking rewards programs. Just given the level of investor concern about rewards costs these days, any comment there would be he helpful.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So first of all - and we've always said the quarterly this thing balances all over the place and this is - you can't draw a lot. So I want to talk a little bit about the volatility and then let's talk about sort of the bigger picture though trends that are going on. So quarterly it can fluctuate because an individual quarters we update our rewards liability based on points earned and redeem, redemption mix, redemption rates. It includes partnership contractual payments, international card, consumer bank net interchange. And so, there are lot of things that go into the quarterly number. What we have said is this phenomenon of interchange - net interchange growth being well below purchase volume growth, I think is something that while individual quarters can bounce around that is a real effect that's been going on for the last couple of years and we would expect it to continue. We're building a long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers, we're extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards very importantly of course we're originating a lot of new business with strong flagship products like Quicksilver Venture, our spot products for small business that have very attractive rewards. So our continued investment in the business and continuing to build a franchise that affect will continue. The other thing that has gone on – on a rolling basis over the course of this the past four, three or four quarters is what's happened with respect to a few a small number of merchant deals where interchange was renegotiated downward and that there is two ways that plays into our portfolio. One is when the interchange rate drops, obviously we feel that effect but there is kind of a lasting effect too because the handful of merchants where this interchange became lower are also growing faster than the economy. And so their growth will over time continue to roll through our numbers, so pulling way up, we continue to be very bullish about the opportunity to grow our spender business, all of our calculations are with our eyes wide open about the fact that net interchange growth is going to lag the pretty eye-popping growth. We've been able to get in the - on the reward side of the business, but when we incorporate the full economics of our spenders and we have years and years of experience with this and lots of tests and rollouts and many, many things that the integrated economics for Capital One given the franchise that we have built, I think continues to be very attractive even in the context where there is will be a delta between purchase volume growth and net interchange growth at least in the in the foreseeable future.
Chris Brendler: That's helpful. Thank you. And then, a follow-up on a related basis. The U.K. business has seen some interchange reductions. I assume that's filtering through there. But I'm surprised International Card was not broken out separately in the release. Any signaling there? And also, I'm also surprised that the weaker pound isn't having a more dramatic effect on the outstandings in that segment, just because it would seem like the underlying growth, actually, is a little stronger, just given how much the pound has been hit.
Scott Blackley: Hi Chris, this is Scott. Yes, so on the international given that component of our total card businesses just gotten continued to be smaller and smaller, we no longer felt like it was important to material for us to break that out separately. So going forward, you'll see us having total card and Domestic Card. We're not going to separately break out Canada or the U.K. so you'll see that kind of working its way through our monthly metrics and the rest of our financial reporting starting with our 10-K.
Operator: Next question comes from Bill Carcache with Nomura Instinet. Please go ahead.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Rich, I wanted to follow up on your comments around subprime growth in Card. In looking through the public filings, it doesn't seem like the larger players are increasing their sub-660 FICO exposure. So, I wondered whether you were perhaps seeing smaller players growing in subprime? Can you comment on where the supply is coming from?
Richard Fairbank: It is coming from all of the above. It is definitely coming in some of the larger players. And I can't speak to their back books, what I can speak to is the good solid data we have on what is happening in the origination marketplace and there has been. And the data that I gave you, that is excludes Capital One therefore, by definition is the industry, but, and I think you've actually seen a player to comment on, stepping up a little bit here and I don't want to overdose with the point. This is off relatively small base. And it is in the context of some other players also growing probably across the board, all the way from the top of the market but there is a tail that is extending into the - below 660 marketplace that is real and these are real customers picking up more debt and we also validate this too when we look - we can follow the industry's trends with our own customers by looking at the credit - while beyond, looking at our own customers and what are their balances we look on collectively all of their credit bureau reports and see what's happening there. And we see that same phenomenon that is in the industry data, it would be shocking if we didn't. But we can see some increase and these are relatively small effects but some increase in indebtedness for example in our own customer base.
Bill Carcache: Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you. Separately, if I could throw in a question about capital. If we were to stick with standardized, how much room is they for your CET1 ratio to fall below, call it the 10% range? Obviously, some regionals are running below that, but they don't have as much exposure in Cards. I was hoping you could share with us a little bit about how you're thinking about that.
Scott Blackley: Yes, I don't want to front run the process on capital, I think we understand the importance of capital return, I think we've been very creative in our process, whether it was - I think the first to use the de minimis exception last year front-loading, stock repurchases this year at attractive valuations. I think one of the things we're actually most pleased about is the fact that we've been able to put a lot of capital to work organically and acquisitions, which I know this is a market that particularly in the financial services industry, good growth has been hard to come by. So, I’ll end where were Rich ends, where Rich ended his prepared comments with the profitability that we have we believe we can both continue to fund growth and return a good amount of capital to our investors and we think we can do that even though there is still a fair amount of uncertainty in the environment with respect to the regulatory front. How CCAR is going to change, what's going to happen to Basel IV, Cecil, some of the other long-term factors that are going to drive the way we allocate capital.
Operator: Next question comes from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell: Thanks for taking my question. Scott, maybe just a quick one for you. In terms of the bankruptcy change, just want to make sure that what you're - what I think you're saying is, that the reserves that you took in this quarter are basically the entire effect that you think you'll see in terms of the provision that will be needed for the Auto portfolio. Then going forward, it's just - it's effectively business as usual in that business, other than the bankruptcy effect on the loss rate itself. Correct?
Scott Blackley: Now you've got that right and just to kind of repeat that to make sure we've got that clear. So the allowance build reflected kind of the change that we saw in accelerating losses into the allowance window. So I think that's going to cover the vast majority of the effect. And so I mentioned, we'll start to see recoveries come in overtime and offset that increase. So, you will see a bubble in '17 and then you'll see that start to settle down.
Matt Burnell: Okay. And then for my follow-up, just a question on the revenue margin. Obviously, that came down about 30 basis points this year, year-versus-year because of the U.K. portfolio. How are you thinking about that margin going forward? Is there going to be the same effect on revenue margin in the card business from the U.K. portfolio in 2017, as we saw in 2016?
Scott Blackley: I'm sorry, just to clarify, are you talking about the year-over-year decline in the Domestic Card revenue margin?
Matt Burnell: Yes.
Scott Blackley: So the Domestic Card revenue margin won't be affected by U.K.'s PPI.
Matt Burnell: Okay. My mistake. But, is your outlook for that going to be basically flat? Or is it going to continue to come down because of the competitive pressures?
Scott Blackley: Matt, we have really gotten into forecasting revenue margin by line of business. I think what we've done is kind of pulled up and look at the things that are driving margin for the company overall and general rates going to be a positive assuming forwards play out the way that they have that hasn't happened in the past, but I think there is more feeling that rates could actually mature the way that the forwards are expected. I mean if you look we've gotten benefits from a higher mix of card and a lower mix of mortgage. So I'll let you know make your own forecast there in terms of mix probably being a beneficiary. There have been some, as Rich mentioned these were throughout his comments there's also been a little bit of rate pressure on auto and normalization there. So it's kind of - the story hasn't really changed over the last couple of years. We've gone out and made big predictions about potential changes in revenue margin and ultimately they been pretty flat. So that's made us a little bit less bold. I think you have all of the factors that you have to think about the major things are going to drive net interest margin for the company.
Operator: Next question comes from Ken Bruce with Bank of America.
Ken Bruce: Thanks. Good evening. Appreciate all your comments in trying to tease out some of the moving pieces here. I guess, in the context of transactors, in particular, you kind of point out that the economics of that business are still very attractive. I think many of us are concerned that they look attractive to everybody, and so that there's going to continue to be this pressure on the rewards and the various incentives used to kind of acquire those cards. Is there a way to frame, in your mind, kind of how that annuity looks today versus maybe five years prior to now? Does it take you 30% longer to effectively have a positive NPV out of those cards? Can you give us some sense as to how it's -- kind of the timeliness of the economics on that business?
Richard Fairbank: Ken I think this annuity - look I want to go back to - this has been incredibly intensely competitive for a long time. We see that there is a flurry right now with respect to a few products, some breathtaking giveaways in terms of - for a period of time up front miles and things like that but the - first of all I just seen anything ebb-and-flow over time a lot. The second thing I would say is in many ways our own - when we look at these annuities in many ways they are improving every year for Capital One because of the investments that we're making to really build the business I want to go back to the part that I think you all see - the world sees so much is what is being offered in terms of rewards and obviously that has become more competitive. But the - for the last several years we've been offering pretty much the same rewards products and so you know we've already internalizing those economic. The reason I say this is an all in business that it doesn't work to just bounce in and bounce out is what incredibly important is things like the - how long these annuities last, what is the attrition rate, what is the first in wallet rate, what is the mix, the profile of how heavy your spenders are when you're getting them, what is happening to customer metrics on customer satisfaction, net promoter scores, the digital experience, and we have had nothing but progress year-after-year on this and our own annuities are actually getting better and better and actually more economically attractive. It’s not to say I don't worry a lot about competition and focus on that and we talk about it all the time but this is about franchises and people can't will themselves in the franchises overnight is taken us a number of years to build it and I have a lot of respect for the competitors who are going after this space and there's some great players that are doing this but this is attractive business for those who have built a franchise and I'm as excited today about it as I was three months ago, six months ago and one year ago.
Ken Bruce: Understood. I think I get a sense of that. Okay. And just a quick follow-up. Looking at the subprime growth in the portfolio, it's been roughly over two times kind of the prime growth on the revolver side, U.S. Card business. And, I can hear the caution that you're kind of trying to lead us to in terms of kind of where we are in the cycle. I appreciate that. Does, in your mind, that need to slow in order to kind of achieve some of the -- kind of the lower growth math impacts that you're talking about for 2017 and 2018?
Richard Fairbank: Ken you known me for many, many years. We obsess in the best of times. We obsess about everything credit because in the worst of times is too late to be obsessing about everything credit. So I remember one of our leading investor called me Dr. Doom in the 90s because I kept focusing on that even though we're in such an amazing kind of boom time. My point is these are all effects that play out over a course of years. My real point has been that just people need to watch all the metrics as I’ve been saying for a lot of quarters and we really believe there is power that you can manage - to say something I said earlier it's hard to predict economic cycles but there's a lot of leverage in managing within the credit cycle. And so I give you a calibration of where we see the marketplace is, it means that we add probably even an extra layer of caution in our own originations and in our choices to the earlier question does that impact growth. I mean in some sense all other things being equal it slows down growth a bit but with all of that going on a lot of - we've been talking about this and anticipating this interactions for a long period of time. So I still go back if I pull way up in this business we're very happy we see the growth window when it is been there. It is still there the competition is heating up, we're still going after it. We continue to build a coiled spring of earnings power that - there's a lot of upfront cost now but a lot of earnings power that is being compressed in this spring. All of this is in the context of an industry marketplace that is moved off the bottom, it's only got one way to go and over time it is just physics but we can't predict exactly how these will play out but I think that the - the earnings power and the growth math that are associated with how that plays out is a real phenomenon and I think has a lot of value creation baked into that. And we continue to be bullish about the business and about our prospects to deliver some nice numbers for our investors.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our call for this evening. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Jeff Norris for closing or additional remarks.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, and thanks everybody for joining us on the conference call today and for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Operator: That does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp. Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp. R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp. Unverified Participant Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.
Analysts: Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Arren Cyganovich - D. A. Davidson & Co. Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question and answer period. [Operation Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks very much, Kevin, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2016 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Head of Finance and Corporate Development; and Mr. Scott Blackley, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information. Whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation, and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the calling over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Jeff, and good evening, everyone. I'll begin tonight on slide four with our Domestic Card business. Loan growth and purchase volume growth remained strong. Compared to the third quarter of last year, our ending loans grew $8.8 billion or about 11%. Average loans were up $9.4 billion, or about 12%. Third quarter purchase volume increased about 12% from the prior year. We continue to like the return and resilience profile of the business we're booking. In the quarter, we also announced that we entered into an agreement for a new partnership with Cabela's, and the acquisition of Cabela's co-branded card portfolio, which has roughly $5.2 billion in outstandings. The agreement is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Cabela's is a great retailer with a powerful brand and highly engaged and loyal customers. Revenue for the quarter increased 8% from the prior year quarter, slightly lagging average loan growth. Even with the positive margin impacts of higher subprime mix, revenue margin declined year-over-year as expected, with our exit of the back book of payment protection products at the end of the first quarter. Revenue margin for the third quarter was 16.6%. Non-interest expense increased 4% compared to the prior year quarter. Our Domestic Card business continues to gain scale and improve efficiency. Net interchange revenue for the total company grew 9% from the prior year quarter versus the 12% growth in Domestic Card purchase volume. As we've discussed, there's considerable quarterly volatility in the relationship between these two metrics. For the past several years on an annual basis, net interchange growth has been well below Domestic Card purchase volume growth. We'd expect this difference to continue as we originate new rewards customers in our flagship products and extend rewards to existing customers. Additionally, a few of the largest merchants have negotiated custom deals with the card networks. These deals are putting pressure on interchange revenue and we expect the pressure to continue. As we've discussed for several quarters, the dominant driver of year-over-year charge-off rate trends is growth math, which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances in our front book season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio relative to the older and highly seasoned back book. Growth math began to impact charge-off rates in 2015. We still expect the peak impact of growth math in terms of its contribution to year-over-year change in our loss rate to be in 2016 with a diminishing effect in 2017 and only a modest effect beyond that. In the third quarter, growth math drove the increase in charge-off rate compared to the prior year and seasonality drove the improvement in charge-off rates compared to the linked quarter. Looking ahead, two effects are together moderately impacting our charge-off outlooks since last quarter. One effect is better than expected growth, especially in subprime. While we are growing nicely everywhere we are investing, we are seeing particular success in subprime, which has raised the mix modestly. Our proportion of loans below FICO 660 has grown from 35% one quarter ago to 36% at the end of the third quarter. Subprime has higher losses than average and they're also more front-loaded, so it tends to have a pretty immediate impact on our near-term credit metrics. Beyond the growth and mix effect, we have revised slightly upward our front book loss expectations for 2017 and slightly downward our front book loss expectations for 2018 based on the composite performance and projections for hundreds of credit programs. These effects together lead us to raise our full-year 2017 charge-off guidance from the low 4s to the mid 4s, with normal seasonal variability and excluding the modest benefit we expect from adding the Cabela's portfolio. With nine months of actual results in the books, we expect 2016 full-year charge-off rate will be around 4.15%. We expect the changes in guidance to largely play out over the next three or four quarters, so the expected impact of higher charge-offs is mostly captured in our current allowance. While we are modestly raising our loss outlook for 2017, our internal view of 2018 losses is unchanged with slightly improved expectations for front book performance offsetting higher subprime mix. Pulling up, the higher growth in subprime mix are also driving up our revenues and pre-provision earnings. We continue to see attractive growth opportunities in our Domestic Card business, but it's clear this opportunity won't last forever. The marketplace is moving and competitive intensity across the Card business remains high; and revolving credit growth is now 6% year-over-year. We will continue to monitor the marketplace vigilantly. But in the meantime, we continue to like the opportunities that we see. Slide five summarizes third quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans grew about 2% compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was partially offset by planned mortgage runoff. Ending deposits were up about $8 billion or 5% versus the prior year. Third quarter auto originations were $6.8 billion, about 22% higher compared to the third quarter of last year, with strong growth in prime, near-prime, and subprime. Similar to our Domestic Card growth, we liked the earnings profile and resilience of the Auto business we're booking and continue to believe that the through-the-cycle economics of our Auto business are attractive. The auto market and competitor practices remain dynamic. While we see opportunities for growth, we remain very vigilant about competitor practices. Our underwriting assumes a decline in used car prices. We continue to focus on resilient originations, and we continue to expect a gradual decrease in margins and a gradual increase in charge-offs as the cycle plays out. Consumer Banking revenue for the quarter increased about 3% from the third quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans and higher deposit volumes was partially offset by margin compression in auto and planned runoff of mortgage balances. Non-interest expense for the quarter also increased 3% compared to the prior-year quarter driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in retail deposit marketing. As we've discussed in prior quarters, we've been optimizing both the format and number of branches to better meet the evolving needs of our customers as banking goes digital. In the third quarter, actual changes related to branch moves were about $60 million. Year-to-date, we've recognized about $106 million of the $160 million in expected costs for 2016. We expect branch optimization costs to continue in 2017. These costs show up in the other category rather than in the Consumer Banking segment. Third quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year, primarily as the result of charge-offs and additions to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio. Growth in auto loans, the expectation of gradually rising auto charge-off rates and the expectation of declining used vehicle values drove the trend in consumer bank provision for credit losses. For several quarters, we've said that we expect pressure on our Consumer Banking financial results. In the home loans business, planned mortgage runoff continues. In auto finance, margins are decreasing and charge-offs are rising modestly. And our deposit businesses continue to face a prolonged period of low interest rates. We expect that these factors will negatively affect Consumer Banking revenues, efficiency ratio and net income even as we continue to tightly manage costs. Moving to slide six, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Third quarter ending loan balances increased 28% year-over-year, including the acquisition of the GE Healthcare Finance business. Excluding the $8.3 billion of loans acquired from GE, ending loans grew about 12% over the same time period. Average loans increased 28% year-over-year, while average deposits increased 2%. Revenue was up 27% from the third quarter of 2015. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolios. We've provided summaries of loans, exposures, reserves and other metrics for these portfolios on slides 14 and 15. For the total Commercial Banking business, third quarter charge-offs were $108 million, primarily driven by charge-offs of Chicago taxi medallion loans and to a lesser extent, oil and gas loans. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 66 basis points. We added to reserves for some third quarter weakness in New York City taxi medallion values, but the reserve additions only partially offset the charge-offs flowing out of reserves, resulting in a net reserve release in the quarter. Combining both charge-offs and reserve changes, provision for credit losses declined $14 million from the prior year quarter to $61 million. Criticized and nonperforming loan rates were relatively stable in the quarter. The criticized performing loan rate for the quarter was 3.7%, and the criticized nonperforming loan rate was 1.5%. Now I'll pass the call over to Scott.
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Rich. I'll begin on slide seven. Capital One earned $1 billion or $1.90 a share in the third quarter. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share was $2.03. Adjusting items in the quarter included a $63 million build in our UK Payment Protection Insurance customer refund reserve, of which $47 million was an offset to revenue and $16 million was captured in operating expense. A slide outlining adjusting items can be found on page 12 of the slide deck. Pre-provision earnings increased modestly on a linked quarter basis as higher revenues were only partially offset by higher noninterest expenses. As I highlighted last quarter, we had a one-time rewards expense that reduced net interchange income by $38 million, driven by the completion of some system enhancements that moved our rewards liability cutoff to the last day of the quarter. Provision for credit losses was flat on a linked quarter basis as higher charge-offs were almost entirely offset by a lower linked quarter allowance build. An allowance roll-forward by segment can be found on table eight of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in our allowance across businesses in the quarter. In our Domestic Card business, we built $349 million of allowance. This build was driven by growth and subprime mix in the quarter and incorporating our charge-off expectations for the next 12 months into our allowance calculation. In our Consumer Banking segment, allowance increased $31 million in the quarter, almost entirely driven by growth in our Auto business. In our Commercial Banking segment, we had a $48 million reduction in reserves, driven by charge-offs in our taxi medallion portfolio. Recent reserve movements have focused on taxi and our oil and gas portfolios, and we have provided details for those portfolios on slide 14 and 15 of the appendix of tonight's slide deck. Turning to slide nine, you can see that reported net interest margin increased 6 basis points from the second quarter to 6.79%. That was primarily driven by day count. NIM also increased 6 basis point year-over-year, which was fueled by strong growth in our Domestic Card business. Turning to slide 10, I'll discuss capital. As previously announced following the approval of our 2016 CCAR capital plan, our board authorized repurchases of up to $2.5 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2017. In the quarter, we accelerated the pace of our buybacks and repurchased 17 million shares, or $1.2 billion of our authorization. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.6%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.5%. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: I'll close tonight with some thoughts on third quarter results and our outlook as we head into 2017. We posted another strong quarter of growth in Domestic Card loan balances and purchase volumes, as well as growth in auto and commercial loans, driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue and related increases in operating expense and allowance for loan losses. We've been working hard to improve efficiency by growing revenues, realizing analog cost-savings and other efficiency gains as we become a more digital company, and tightly managing costs across the enterprise. Our efforts are paying off. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 52%. Excluding the impacts of UK PPI, the adjusted efficiency ratio was 51.4% for the third quarter and 51.8% year-to-date. It's clear that we're on track to deliver much more than our prior guidance of some improvement in our full-year 2016 efficiency ratio, excluding adjusting items. Even with the expected significant seasonal increase in non-interest expenses in the fourth quarter, we now expect that our full year 2016 efficiency ratio will be substantially lower than full-year 2015. In 2016 we are already on pace to deliver the efficiency ratio improvement we had expected to achieve in 2017, primarily driven by enhanced revenues and concerted efforts to drive out analog costs. From this more efficient starting point, we expect that our near-term annual efficiency ratio, excluding adjusting items and the expected impact of Cabela's will be in the 52%s, plus or minus a reasonable margin of volatility. Over the longer term, we continue to believe that we should be able to achieve gradual efficiency improvement driven by growth and digital productivity gains. Pulling up, our strong growth over the last two years puts us in a position to deliver solid EPS growth in 2017 assuming no substantial change in the broader credit and economic cycles. We expect that revenue will grow and will drive growth in pre-provision earnings as well. We expect the upward pressure from growth math on the allowance for loan losses will begin to moderate, and we're reducing share count. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder return driven by growth and sustained returns at the higher end of banks, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval. And now, Scott, Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Unverified Participant: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself as usual to one question, plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Kevin, please start the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operation Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good evening, guys. So, Rich, thanks for the update on the credit guidance. Can you maybe just flush out a couple of those comments for us; and in particular, what it means for the allowance? You talked about higher charge-offs, but that largely being in your allowance already. So I guess just one, what is driving the changes in the back book expectations for 2017 and 2018, and is that just mix? And you noted that you still think that you're on track to deliver solid 2017 EPS growth. You referred to it as a coiled spring. Do you still think that's achievable given your expectations for slightly higher charge-offs?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Okay. Ryan, there's a bunch of great questions that you have. I think, Scott, you can take the allowance thing. So, first of all, when you said it's – tell me about your change in back book expectations. We don't really have any change in back book expectations. The change in expectations that we're talking about is driven by two factors, okay, and a key part of this point is that better than expected growth, especially in subprime is a key part of our revised guidance. And as for our front book loss expectations, we revised them up...
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, sorry. Rich, I meant front book.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, exactly. So, and as our front book loss expectations kind beyond – in other words, beyond the effect of the growth in mix, so I'm trying to de-average all these effects. There's a slight upward revision that we made in the quarter for 2017 and a slight downward revision in 2018. And that's driven by a composite of like many multiple vintages across like hundreds of lending programs. And just give you just a little bit more granularity behind this, if you compile them all and pull way up over the patterns that we see, 2015 programs are coming in with slightly higher losses than 2014 programs. And now, 2016 programs are coming in a little bit better than 2015 programs. And so, the higher 2015 origination losses make their way into the late 2016 and 2017 numbers, the lower 2016 origination losses make their way into the later 2017 and 2018 numbers. Now these are all very modest effect is the most important point I want to leave with you. The other thing is our view of the value creation from our lending programs is not only bullish and high, just to put it in perspective, this thing we're calling the front book, which is, basically, everything that – all the growth we've had since the higher growth began. So we're talking about 2014, 2015, 2016. Our view of the value creation for that is that the high end of anything we booked in the last 15 years. So, back to your question about, how we feel about the earnings potential in the business, what you actually have is a Card business, if you kind of pull up on a yearly basis, that has maintained pretty flattish earnings and strong earnings power, while absorbing a whopping increase in, especially front-loaded credit costs, that come in the form of originations that are: A, higher than the back book; B, that have their losses more front loaded; and C, of course, it flows right through allowance. And so this brings a lot of pressure right upfront when we grow at the kind of trajectory that we're talking about. Hopefully, you can see when you look at the numbers and do the math on what we are booking here, this is a coiled spring of a lot of earnings power, and we're – and that's why we continue to work hard to originate and grow what we can very prudently during this window of opportunity. Scott, why don't you comment about the allowance part of this question?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. Yeah. Ryan, let me spend a minute and just kind of walk through some of the puts and takes in the allowance. So, one way to look at the build is to start off by taking the coverage ratio from last quarter and applying it to the change in ending balances. That really ignores the effects of growth and subprime mix that are impacting the loss rate, but you can see that if you kind of start with that static coverage ratio and apply it to the change in balances, that's going to explain roughly a third of the build. Be mindful that when you get to Q4 if you're going to try to do that calculation, you need to adjust for seasonal balances. So just keep that in mind. Now the rest of the build is really associated with the loss rate and kind of the mechanics of doing the calculation of the allowance. Rich just walked through in detail the drivers of our updated charge-off guidance, growth in mix, and performance. So most of that guidance change happened during periods that are included in our Q3 allowance. And so we captured those as part of our updated allowance calculation this quarter. In addition to that, the mechanical effect of the quarter swap, which is moving forward the loss forecast one quarter, results in us dropping off Q3 2016 and adding Q3 2017 to the allowance calculation. Our forecast, as you know and as we've been saying, is for losses to be higher in 2017 versus 2016, so that change in quarters, all things equal, adds to the allowance calculation. And on top of that, we always have qualitative factors which are for risks that are outside of the models. So just kind of pulling up, though, looking ahead, I want to give you kind of some of the building blocks as you think about how you can calculate the estimates of the allowance movements in 2017. So we told you a couple of key things. One, we told you that what the full year loss rate for 2017 is expected to be. We told you that the increase in our loss guidance has already been captured in the current allowance. And we've told you that we expect the impact of growth math is diminishing in 2017 and only has a modest effect beyond that. So all of those factors, I think, collectively give you a good base to start kind of building up what your loss expectation is going to be in your 2017 allowance.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for taking my questions. I'll step aside so others can ask questions.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Ryan. Next question, please.
Operator: Next with Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities. Go ahead, please.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you for taking my question and thanks for that very detailed explanation about the ALL (27:47) outlook. If I could just maybe follow up, Rich, on the commentary about the coiled spring, which Ryan also referred to. I mean, should we expect 2017 net income given the factors that you've just highlighted to be above the 2016? And I guess the issue I'm really getting to is we're seeing this outstanding growth at incredible marketing efficiency, and yet we're seeing ROE decline despite the impacts of the share repurchase. So I'm just trying to understand kind of what we're looking for in terms of secular profitability?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: So, Eric, I don't want to go beyond the forward-looking statements that we made in the prepared remarks. But I think the key way to look at this, again, is a pretty dramatic growth for several years on the order of what we're talking about puts a lot of pressure on the P&L of the Card business, and it has been absorbing that. Now meanwhile and I always used this term of a coiled spring, I think it's a great metaphor, but meanwhile when we look at the value of what we're retaining here, we're very bullish and that's why we're growing at the rate that we are. But I think all I would say is, again, just think through the mechanics of kind of the timing of how this plays out. You start with a lot of growth, which has more cost but especially, most importantly, impacts the credit metrics and especially goes right through the allowance line. So how the earnings power shows up, the line item where the earnings power will really start to hit that inflection point is really as allowance builds start to mitigate. And that, of course, happens right at the time when looking ahead, the growth math effects are also starting to really settle out. And our point is we are approaching that period in this dramatic period of growth in the Card business, and I think that's why we're not giving specific guidance on earnings power. We're just saying that we should start seeing earnings power play out over time as this – the growth math does its very predictable things.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay, thanks that's very helpful. Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Your next question, Don Fandetti with Citi. Go ahead.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Rich or Steve, I guess, I wanted to clarify, it sounds like you said that the 2016 vintage is coming in better than the 2015, and 2015 worse than 2014, which makes sense. I mean, it just seems – can you talk a little about how 2016 could possibly be coming in better, and why that might be the case?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Right. There's many, many ways we look at that, but starting with mechanically, the actual vintages themselves and the very early credit metrics, things like delinquencies on those vintages. Additionally, Don, we also just look at the mix of what are the metrics, things like credit scores and so on of the business that we're booking, what is that blended distribution. And all of the key indicators we look at, and this matches our own intuition about what's going on as well, show a positive impact for 2016 versus 2015. Now I want to make it very clear, 2015 is going to be a very successful year and very profitable and with very good long-term credit performance. We're talking about small changes relative to expectations as we revise – as we always do every quarter, our own credit outlook. We're just kind of painstakingly trying to break down the components so you get a better understanding of this. But we feel great about 2014 front book. We feel great about 2015 front book. 2016, all the early indicators of 2016 suggest that from a credit point of view, it's going to come in a little bit better than 2015.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. That's real helpful. And then just quickly, you've been pretty active in subprime cards. Do you expect the other banks to sort of reach down? You saw JPMorgan talk a little bit about it as early as Q2. Can you talk about competition in that segment?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. It's a striking thing. We've talked a lot about industry growth, and we talk often about industry growth has gone from very low single-digits or even occasionally negative a couple of years ago to 6% and that has our attention. But here's another stat that's an interesting one. If you look at the composition of the industry's growth over the last 12 months, about – and I'm going to just exclude Capital One from the whole calculation because your question is an industry effect there, about 31% of the growth is in subprime. And so subprime growth has certainly picked up now, it's growing faster than prime, and certainly that has our attention. Now I do want to say, on the other hand, it remains well below pre-recession levels in absolute terms because there was such an exodus from that part of the business over the years following the Great Recession. So, at times I think you hear from some players, subprime we don't do that. Well, all I'm saying is 31% of all the growth is subprime, and somebody is doing it. And so, yeah, that has our attention. And it's part of – it's one – it's an important part of the overall – if you kind of look at the industry story and this, by the way, is the number one thing that we worry about, more so than like the next recession; obviously, we worry about things like that, too. But the industry growth being at 6% and the subprime component of that, and then also the, beyond card growth when you look at student lending, auto lending, installment lending, that's been running for a while now at around 7%. So we're pretty obsessive about these things. It causes us to believe, first of all, that we have a window, and it's just another reason we've doubled down and gone really hard while we have this window. It means we have to be doubly and triply obsessive about looking for indicators of things that inevitably happen when supply goes up a lot, and those indicators can be broad-based impact on credit metrics, as well as, of course, just directly affecting response rates and things like that. So we're on the lookout and as we kind of always do for our investors, try to raise these flags. But we feel very good about what we're booking. We like the resilience of what we're booking, and we still are moving forward with resolve to continue to capitalize on these opportunities. But there's no doubt the industry growth data is just one more reason to remind ourselves that everything is a window of opportunity and we have to carefully watch the industry from here.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: And we go next to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead please.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning or good afternoon. It feels like morning here. I'm just wondering on Cabela's, maybe you could give us a little bit of some color around how you expect it's going to be impacting various line items in the business overall? Any investment spend that you need to do to prepare for it? And if there's any of what you expect Cabela's to do to your numbers in the commentary that you gave on the outlook for 2017?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Hey, Betsy. This is Scott. In terms of our guidance, so all of the guidance that we gave is excluding Cabela's. We haven't yet finalized all of our projections in terms of impact for Cabela's. We think it's a fantastic partner. We're extremely excited to have won that business. It's a powerful brand. Incredibly loyal and engaged customers. So we're pretty thrilled about that. We're still working on all the details of the closing of that transaction, so don't have more information about that at this point.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just separately, follow up on the vintage discussion that we just had. Just wondering, I know you mentioned that 2016's seasoning better than 2015. Are we talking about the first quarter of 2016? Just wanted to get a sense as to how long you think it takes for things to season and why the trajectory so soon into the 2016 cycle is looking better?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, I mean, this is all something that with every passing month gives you a little bit more clarity. And that's why on all of this stuff we triangulate from just the literal vintage analysis but we already looking at all the vintages of 2016, can see a gap relative to early vintage reads versus 2015 and in the same way that 2015 had a gap relative to 2014. But again, there are – it is a triangulation, or it's reinforced by just kind of watching the underlying dynamics of what – of even the mix within the mix of all of the programs and looking at the distributions of who's applying and it's something that's composite across hundreds of programs, but all of the signs are consistent with us that there is this – all of this we're talking about is modest effect. But enough that I – it was worth mentioning that 2016 is a positive relative to 2015.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Go next to Arren Cyganovich with D. A. Davidson. Go ahead, please.
Arren Cyganovich - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thanks. I guess, relative to the window of opportunity you still see in Domestic Card in thinking about how much the subprime has grown, do you still expect to see that higher take-up rate on the subprime? Or do you have any kind of expectations for limiting that at some point if it grows too large relative to the other piece of the portfolio?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Arren, one thing we've kind of been featuring subprime here. I don't want to diminish the really good momentum that we have in pretty much all of the parts of the Card business that we're investing in. And we're pretty bullish about our growth opportunity in all of the areas. We've had more recently kind of a surge on the subprime side, and – but who knows, I – I don't want to project what will happen to mix on a relative basis. I think we like all of the things we're booking. I think we have reasons to believe we can continue to grow in all of the areas, but it was worth highlighting, though, that the kind of recent surge that we've had on the subprime side. But I wouldn't extrapolate to that to some significant continuation of that surge.
Arren Cyganovich - D. A. Davidson & Co.: Okay, thanks. And then just secondly, wondering if you had any updates on Capital One 360 Cafés that you've been testing in different markets. If it's too soon for anything you can share from the impacts of putting those stores into various cities?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, the Capital One Cafés just tended to pull way up. As you know, we're a national company in just about everything we do, except we are local in really only 20% of the nation in retail banking. And so, Capital One Cafés are kind of the manifestation of how we're re-imagining the future of banking and also how we can kind of enhance the national banking presence we already have through our old ING book that, of course, we call Capital One 360 now. The key thing there is it's not about putting a branch on every corner; far from it. It is about building kind of, if you will, flagship stores in key metropolitan areas and using that as, in many ways, a manifestation of banking re-imagined relative to the very traditional way that banking has been done for forever, basically. So we have been gradually expanding our footprint in the cafés. We've been very pleased with the early results from the cafés and we are – what we see is reinforces our view that this will – this is a good thing to continue to build out on a very thin basis, distribution in major metropolitan areas with these cafés.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Arren. Next question, please.
Operator: Next to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities. Go ahead, please.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate all of the detail you've provided on the credit card side of things in terms of your expectation for losses. The question I frequently get from investors is your outlook for the auto portfolio given that that's also growing at a relatively healthy pace. Can you give us a sense as to – and maybe a similar way of thinking about losses and originations in 2016 versus 2015, and what your thoughts are in terms of forward-looking losses for the auto portfolio?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: So thanks, Matt. I'm not going to give you specific like numerical guidance about the Auto business, but let me just pull way up about auto. As we've talked about – first of all, we really like the Auto business. I think it plays to Capital One's strengths, and we built a very strong and kind of leading presence in that space. The Auto business after the Great Recession was something that I don't think we'll see again in our lifetime in terms of unique opportunity to grow and create value with high margins and exceptional credit quality because so many players had headed for the hills and consumers were, gosh, they were even at times walking away from their houses and still paying on their cars. And used car prices were just at incredible highs. So much of our commentary about auto has been predicting, saying it's got to be that this thing will normalize over time, and the journey since then has really been one of normalization where pretty much every year the margins are going down, every year credit losses have kind of gone up. Now in Capital One's case is – two things I want to say. Anything that we – we've also had a mix change going on within Capital One over the last few years that has been more market growth and so that has tended to dampen this effect. But let me also say, really, if you stack vintage after vintage year after year in auto, they have been, the last few years, going up year over year, but the overall thing that we've seen is we've been – surprised is probably an overstatement, but I think we have kind of predicted something, a more rapid normalization than we've actually seen. All of that said, I think the Auto business is still in a good place for us to generate profitable business. But it is mostly kind of normalized, and it has a number of things going on in the industry that cause us to be very vigilant, most importantly, kind of underwriting practices there. But I would say really over the last few years, the actual credit performance has been strikingly good and maybe even a little better than expected.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please?
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Oh, I'm sorry, Matt. You have a follow-up?
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Just to follow up on the – if I can for Scott on the buyback. If I take the average price of Capital One shares over the course of the third quarter, that was about $68.68 versus the 17 million shares you said you repurchased, is a little less than $1.2 billion in buybacks versus the $2.5 billion announced buyback program for the four quarters of the capital planning cycle. Can you give us a sense, Scott, as to how you all are thinking about the buybacks for the next three quarters?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, you can see that we've – this wouldn't be a ratable use of the buyback.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right.
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: So I think that's the one thing that we point out. And obviously, we're trying to be opportunistic and look at the market and use the authorization that we have within CCAR in the way that we feel is most productive. And that's really what has led to the acceleration year-to-date in the total amount of repurchases we have authorized for the year.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: (48:54)
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Matt. Next – oh, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Matthew Hart Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just to finish that thought. So looking forward, Steve, should we think about acceleration over the – relative to a ratable buyback over the next three quarters?
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: Again, we don't have a tremendous amount of flexibility as it is with our repurchase authorizations, so I don't think I'm going to get more specific. Obviously, we have the limitation in CCAR that we can only do the amount authorized for the year. And it's really just a function of looking at the marketplace and where we are and how quickly we want to use that authorization. But I think we've demonstrated that it – you shouldn't count on it always being ratable going forward.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Matt. Next question, please?
Operator: Go next to Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill. Go ahead, please.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Wanted to first ask on – really on the efficiency of your marketing. We saw marketing spend go down 6% quarter on quarter. I know it will bounce around a bit. But with your Domestic Card growth in the double digits, it looks like you're being very efficient with that spend. I'm just wondering if you've cracked the code to higher efficiency or if there's something sort of temporary going on with the lower spending on marketing.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, on marketing, I wouldn't put any particular emphasis on what you see in the third quarter. As you know, the fourth quarter is seasonally, by quite a bit, our highest quarter and there are reasons for that, of course. And turn on a television, you probably can see that because we're sponsoring bowl games and the ESPN bowl week. And there's a lot of things that we line up seasonally in terms of our marketing blitz in the fourth quarter. The other thing I want to say about marketing is that while I think on a just kind of pulling way up calibrated across the years, I think marketing efficiency's at a pretty high level right now. It's maybe a commentary on our marketing, but probably as much a commentary about the window of opportunity we have to grow and the success of that. One thing is very clear: competitors have stepped up their marketing. Competitors are stepping up their advertising. Competitors are working – in a number of cases they have, in fact, sort of duplicated some of the Capital One products themselves. This game will require a pretty high level of marketing. And that's probably the case even as the growth opportunity wanes a little bit just because it's the nature of how this competition works. So, we feel great about our marketing, but to continue to succeed it's going to take a fair amount of marketing.
Christopher Roy Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: And then just shifting to the oil and gas, your held for investment portfolio decreased quarter on quarter, but unfunded exposure increased only by $100 million or so and mostly in midstream, is that just a reflection of confidence in that portion of the oil and gas portfolio?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, this is Scott. I think that if – when you look at that portfolio, we obviously see some opportunities in midstream. We think that there's been a lot of rationalization that's happened in the E&P sector as well. And then in oilfield services, that's probably the area where we continue to see risk, those are companies that are still struggling with kind of the effects of reduction in capital spending. So that is an area where in midstream we are seeing some selected opportunities and taking advantage of those.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Chris. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. I guess I have another question on the loan loss reserving from here on out. Scott, maybe you could just go through it a little bit more, I want to paraphrase a little bit of what you said. It seems like you probably have one more quarter of pressure in terms of build because you're lapping a tougher quarter and taking out an easier one, but thereafter, you're kind of going to grow the provision in line with loan growth. Is that a fair assumption to make?
R. Scott Blackley - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah, thanks for the question. And just to kind of go back. So what we've told you is that we expect losses are going to grow into 2017. We haven't given you any kind of specific quarterly guidance, so I'm not going to go into kind of the – how you might calculate the quarterly swap. But I do think you've got kind of the right thread, which is that we do expect the impact of growth map be diminishing in 2017 and with a modest effect beyond that. That's going to meaningfully impact kind of the way the allowance works out as we get into 2017.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And I guess a follow-up question for Rich, just on Cabela's, you've talked about how these large deals are pretty aggressively priced historically. I mean, what was – what kind of struck you with Cabela's that it made it quite worthwhile for you to go for it?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Well, I've been pretty vocal about the nature of the auction environment and how easy it is for companies to get caught up in the frenzy of this kind of bidding. What we have said is on a selective and disciplined basis, we really do want to grow the partnership business. We want to grow this business where we can find partners that have attractive, loyal and growing customer bases, compelling value proposition, and who want – who their view of what they're trying to achieve through a partnership is, in fact, very consistent with what we would want to do and very customer focused. Now Cabela's is an amazing franchise. I mean, for I think anybody who walks into one of these Cabela's sees this is not your, like, typical store. This is all designed around a customer experience. People, customers spend – the amount of time the average customer spends in a Cabela's is actually measured in terms of hours. It's different from your typical kind of shopping experience. So we are attracted to the customer focus that they have and it's all about brand and franchise and that kind of thing. So what we did is enthusiastically went after this, but said that it still has to be within the context of a financial deal that really works for us and, of course, that works for Cabela's. In this particular case, I think that we found a meeting of the minds, and I think Cabela's liked the opportunity they saw with us, and we were able to maintain our financial discipline and actually win this transaction.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Sanjay. Next question, please?
Operator: Go next to Chris Brendler with Stifel. Go ahead, please.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Good afternoon. Actually to follow up the last question. Just overall, your opinion of the private label market, the attractiveness of that market, the competitiveness, it seems like these deals are difficult to win. Could you talk all of how merchants or retailers you've added to the portfolio since you've bought it from HSBC? It seems that they're – this is sort of a unique situation here at Cabela's being run (57:08) public, but have you had success winning other retailers? And do you like this business? Any disclosure on how fast it's growing relative to the rest of the Card business would also be helpful. And then a follow-up question, a different question, on the share count is down a little over 3% this quarter, nice reduction. Is that all buyback? Is there anything else going on there? Thank you.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Okay. So first of all, your question was about private label. One thing I want to say is that the Cabela's deal is actually a co-brand partnership, so let me just pull way up. In what we call our partnership business, there are two types of credit card programs. One is private label, which is not a Visa, MasterCard. That is just a retailer's card. And the other is co-brand where the retailer or the issuer is issuing a Visa card or a MasterCard, and there is spend both at the store and outside of the store. As it turns out, the key to a co-brand program, and a really good co-brand program is kind of the Holy Grail. That's what – when you probably talk to any card issuer, I think the great – there are a handful, a few – a couple of handfuls and maybe a little more than that of like truly great co-brand programs. And the thing that characterize it, in addition to strong retailers and that kind of thing, is this is where you see high out-of-store spend to supplement good in-store spend. And when you see that, then all the kind of strong economics and the way credit cards work is a great thing and that's why there's a lot of – all the card issuers are really trying to get those great flagship programs. I would put – absolutely put Cabela's in that category. Now private label is, again, it's a different business, not a co-brand business by definition. All the spend that's going on is inside the store. And there, our – I think our focus has been going after the really top of the line retailers. And we have not been going after the middle or lower end of that marketplace. So where you see us, where we've had a lot of growth and great success is, for example, with Kohl's. We also have Neiman Marcus. We have Saks. But Capital One's focus has been more at the upper end, and we've added – I don't know have the count, but we've added several brands that are really good, modestly sized brand on the private label side. The private label business is pound for pound not as profitable as the pure branded Card business. It's a great business to have in conjunction with a branded Card business. But it, for us, has lower returns, but it's a natural part of our business. The top co-brands are something that are very additive to any card program, and we're pursuing those with a lot of interest.
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: On your second question, the reduction was all a function of repurchase, but as we talked about earlier, we obviously can't keep it at the same level for the next three quarters. We used more than our pro rata authorization this quarter.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: Go next to Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Hey. I just want to sort of do a little back of the envelope math about the change to the charge-off guidance for 2017. If we sort of take a rough estimate and say that you've increased the outlook for charge-offs in 2017 by about 30 basis points and we also make the assumption that the 2015 vintage, which is driving this, represents somewhere between 15% and 20% of the book. That would suggest in order to get to the change that you have described, somewhere between 150 and 200 basis point change in your loss outlook on that particular vintage. If you can walk through that math and either point out – either agree with it or sort of dispute one of the points here, that would be helpful, so we can understand the magnitude of the change?
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: Rick, I don't even know how you would get there, because we talked about so many factors in the calculation of the allowance, growth and mix and the quarter swap, there's tons of – so decomposing that to just the vintage composition, I don't know how we could do that without having a 45-minute conversation and getting into a lot more detail than we're going to.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: So I understand the effort, but I don't see how we could actually get there.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. I mean, so let – perhaps given the numbers that you have, you could, without sort of – could you put some context around the change to the 2015 vintage from where you were at the beginning of the year to where you are now?
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: I think, Rich can put context around it in terms of these were really modest changes.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: So, Rick, I want to go back to – remember an important part of the change in the guidance for 2017 is about growth in subprime mix. So we're already dealing with a – only a part of this effect. And then beyond that, this is the composite effect of many, many different things that are going on. My point about 2015 was in many ways to help, if you pull way up to give a little bit of kind of tangibility to – well, why would be saying one year's loss outlook is up by a little bit relative to a quarter ago and the next year's loss outlook is down a little bit relative to a quarter ago? And it's really just because as these things play out, 2015 is coming in a little higher than 2014. And 2016 is coming in a little better than 2015, and that's pretty much the way the math works out. These are all very successful years of origination with – I think you're going to really like what we have booked there.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Rick. Next question, please.
Operator: Go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura. Go ahead, please.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. I wanted to ask about a different topic. Can you share any thoughts on the current expected credit loss model? And any perspective for, I guess, the broader industry? And then for Capital One in particular in terms of how you guys are thinking about the impact?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Yeah. Hey, Bill. Thanks for asking about that topic. It's, obviously, something that we are focused on, have a lot of people who are starting to build out some of the work. I have a couple of thoughts on that. One, the rules that have come out there allow for a fair amount of judgment and guidance, or judgment. It's more principle-based guidance as opposed to a set of rules. So I do think that you may see some divergent practices initially. And I think that you'll see the of the industry kind of coming together on some topics over time. So I'm a little cautious about getting ahead of – putting out kind of estimates and guidance on CCIL (01:05:38) because I do think that we'll see kind of people's estimates kind of converge over time as we all kind of get together on some of the interpretation issues. Pulling up for us, when we look at kind of the effects of CCIL (01:05:55), I think we're probably not going to be in the business of giving any kind of estimates on that until we are well into kind of being certain that we know how the standard is going to be interpreted and kind of what the net impacts are going to be here. So, that may not be that you're going to hear from me on this topic until well into next year.
Stephen S. Crawford - Capital One Financial Corp.: And just to add a little bit of color to that, one of the reasons to hold off, right, is to the extent that you have literally all of the losses you expect over the life of the loan to be booked upfront through your income statement, one could assume that there would be positive benefits to how much capital you need to carry as well. So there's a whole bunch of things that are going to move here and how CCIL (01:06:41) gets integrated and how people think about the combined reserves and capital you need for the business.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our final question today from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you and good evening. Thanks for squeezing me in. My question is on credit. Sorry, I know we've been beating this to death, but I'm hoping you might be willing to discuss what you think normalized losses are within the U.S. credit card book and I don't mean necessarily within your guidance, but just how do you think about normalized losses, and dimensionalize it by prime and subprime, if you could. Just realizing we're not there yet, but as you think about what normalized would look like at some point in the future, you kind of said that auto is back to being normal, and I don't think credit card is. So if we could understand how that looks, that would be very helpful?
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Okay. Well, Ken, first of all, I want to say, and I don't think auto is fully normalized per se. I mean, I think it's inched up a little – I'm talking industry losses now. It's kind of – I think there's a little bit still to go in the normalization of auto losses. And as I said, in many ways, it keeps a little bit outperforming in a good way, our own expectations of that normalization, but I think there's a little more normalization still to happen. In the U.S. Card business, every card player has a back book that is at exceptionally low loss levels. It's because for years – a couple of things behind that. And most importantly, anybody in our back book who like survived the Great Recession, not surprisingly, is pretty resilient and having great credit performance at this point. Additionally, most players didn't grow very much for a whole bunch of years there, so that there isn't a lot of kind of front book effects on people's existing books. So, against that backdrop, our belief is, at some point, there will be some normalization of that credit. And I'm reluctant to pick numbers, because that's going to depend on a lot of things. And one of the things it's going to depend on is how much subprime the industry does, for example. You go back to the late 1990s, there was a – in the middle of an economy that didn't really move at all, credit card losses went up quite a bit just due to a lot of – and probably subprime is a wrong word, just a lot of risk expansion, a lot of lending in the Card business. And so I've just been around long enough that I find myself the longer I do this, the more reluctant I am to declare what a normalized loss rate is. But I think there is a net pressure over time that will pull up losses for kind of existing books of all players including Capital One. We also have one other effect that at some point will be beneficial to Capital One, which is the actual – the other side of growth math, which is the seasoning that – remember, we've talked about the general pattern of credit programs is they have higher upfront losses. Now, it depends on what kind of credit program, whether it's an origination, a line increase, what part of the subprime is a little different than prime, but if you pull it all together, the general pattern is for front book programs, they have higher losses early on, and then they gradually settle out over time. So with the big front book that we have at Capital One, that will at some point become a bit of a good guy in terms of the seasoning effects. I'm not here to predict the exact timing of that and so on. So I think over the longer run when we think about our own book, there is kind of just upward pressure on all Card businesses and some long run seasoning that I think will be beneficial for Capital One. The key thing that we focus on since I don't think that we feel we can absolutely predict, like the precise through the cycle loss rate for our businesses is everything that we underwrite, we assume significant worsening and we focus actually more so than the loss rate itself that we predict, our biggest focus is on resilience, because even some of the low loss programs, this is really the story of banking in general. A lot of times some of the low loss programs look great and until they don't and they don't have much of a buffer there. So in all of our underwriting, we are very – in addition to doing all the projections we always do about losses and the whole life cycle of a vintage, we are very focused on resilience so that we have a maximum chance to not only like the business in its full net present value, but to like the business a lot when we get there in the middle of a bad economic cycle. So that's kind of a long answer, but that's – in the context of all of that, we believe that the business we're booking over in this front book is particularly resilient, and frankly has particularly good economics.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: For a long time, so you can't argue that. Thank you. I think that's it. You've been very generous with your time. I appreciate it.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Ken.
Richard D. Fairbank - Capital One Financial Corp.: Thanks, Ken.
Jeff Norris - Capital One Financial Corp.: And thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Dede, and welcome everyone to Capital One's second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2016 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Head of Finance and Corporate Development; and Scott Blackley, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Scott will walk you through this presentation this evening. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Jeff and good evening everyone. I wanted to begin this evening by welcome Scott Blackley. In May, we announced that Steve Crawford was appointed to the role of Head of Finance and Corporate Development and that Scott was appointed to CFO reporting to Steve. This is Scott’s first earnings call as a CFO, and he’ll continue to be a key leader in our investor communications. Scott brings tremendous experience, expertise and insight to Capital One. He has been our controller since March 2011 and our principal accounting officer since July 2011. Prior to joining Capital One, Scott held various executive positions at Fannie Mae, and he has more than 20 years of experience in consulting and public accounting, including an appointment to the SEC as a professional accounting fellow and as a partner with KPMG. And now I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Scott Blackley: Thanks Rich. I’ll begin tonight with slide 3, Capital One earned 942 million or a $1.69 per share in the second quarter. Excluding adjusting items, earnings per share were $1.76. Adjusting items in the quarter included a 54 million build in our UK payment protection insurance customer refund reserve which was partially offset by a gain on sale of our interest in Visa Europe of 24 million. A slight outlining adjusting items can be found on page 11 of the slide deck. Pre-provision earnings decreased 1% on a linked basis as higher revenues were offset by higher non-interest expenses. Provisions for credit losses increased 4% on a linked quarter basis, as modestly lower charge-offs were more than offset by a higher linked quarter allowance build. We have provided an allowance report by segment, which you can see on table 8 of our earnings supplement. Let me take a moment to explain the movements in our allowance across our businesses. In our domestic card business, we built $290 million of allowance in the quarter. Two factors drove that increase, balanced growth in the quarter and our expectation of rising charge-offs associated with growth math. Our allowance covers 12 months of losses, so as we continue to move through 2016, we are picking up more of the loss increases that we’re projecting in to 2017. And as we have been saying, based on the credit guidance we have today, we expect allowance build to continue. Allowance in our consumer banking segment increased 58 million in the quarter. This increase was attributable to our auto business, where we build allowance for new originations that included a higher portion of subprime and we expected auto auction prices will decline from current levels. Lastly, we had a net $50 million build in reserves in our commercial banking segment. We build allowance in the quarter to address increased risks in our taxi medallion lending business, particularly in Chicago, where we have around a $100 million portfolio and taxi medallion trading values decreased by about 60% in the quarter. In our oil and gas portfolio, our allowance for the quarter was essentially flat. But we released 57 million of reserves per unfunded commitments coming out of the spring redetermination process. Turning to slide 4, you can see that reported NIM decreased 2 basis points from the first quarter to 6.7%, primarily driven by lower yields on investment securities. Net interest margin increased 17 basis points year-over-year, fuelled by strong growth in our domestic card business. Turning to slide 5, I will discuss capital. Our 2016 CCAR results demonstrate our continued commitment to returning capital to shareholders. As previously announced, following the approval of our 2016 CCAR capital plan, our Board authorized repurchases of up to 2.5 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2017. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 10.9%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis it was 10.8%, and we reduced our net share account by 8.6 million shares in the quarter. As we continue our parallel run for Basel III advanced approaches, we estimate our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio remains above our 8% target. Given existing and likely changes coming in capital regulations, we no longer believe that advanced approaches will be our long term constraint. Accordingly, until we exit parallel run for advanced approaches, we plan to only report our standardized approach common equity Tier 1 capital ratio. Before I turn the call over to Rich, I want to call out that in the third quarter we expect a one-time rewards expense that will reduce net interchange income by approximately 45 million to 55 million. Our rewards liability has been measures on a slight lag to quarter end. In the third quarter, we expect to complete some system enhancements that will move their rewards liability cut-off to the last day of the quarter, resulting in a one-time increase in rewards costs in the third quarter. With that, I will turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Scott. I’ll begin tonight on slide 7, with our domestic card business. Growth of loans and purchase volume remained strong, although growth decelerated modestly. Compared to the second quarter of last year, our ending loans grew $9.6 billion or about 12%. Average loans were up $10.1 billion or about 13%. Second quarter purchase volume increased about 14% from the prior year. Competition is picking up across the domestic credit card market from the rewards space to subprime. Overtime this can have impact on the growth opportunity and even credit quality in the business. While we always watch vigilantly for these effects, we continue to find attractive growth opportunities in the parts of the market we’ve been focusing on for some time. Revenue for the quarter increased 12% from the prior year quarter slightly lagging average loan growth as revenue margins declined modestly with our exit of the back book of payment protection products at the end of the first quarter. Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.6%. Non-interest expense increased 3% compared to the prior year quarter, with higher marketing and growth related operating expenses, as well as continuing digital investments. Net interchange revenue for the total company increased 9% from the prior quarter versus the 14% growth in domestic card purchase volume. As we’ve discussed, there’s considerable quarterly volatility in the relationship between these two metrics. For the past several years, on an annual basis, net interchange growth has been well below domestic card purchase volume growth. We’d expect this difference to continue, as we originate new reward customers in our flagship products and extend rewards to existing customers. Additionally, a few of the largest merchants have negotiated custom deals with the card networks. These deals are putting pressure on interchange revenue and we expect the pressure to continue. As we’ve discussed for several quarters, two factors are driving our current credit trends and expectations. The first is growth math, which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio. The second is seasonality, growth math drove the increase in charge-off rate compared to the second quarter of last year and seasonality drove the improvement in charge-off rate compared to the linked quarter. Our guidance for domestic card charge-off rate remains unchanged. We expect the upward pressure from growth math will continue through 2016 and begin to moderate in 2017. We still expect the full year 2016 charge-off rates to be around 4% with quarterly seasonal variability. And while it’s still 18 months in the future, based on what we see today and assuming relative stability in consumer behavior, the domestic economy and competitive conditions, we still expect full year 2017 charge-off rate in the low force with quarterly seasonal variability. Our domestic card business delivered strong growth in returns in the second quarter, and we really like the business we are booking. While we continue to closely watch the market place, we still see attractive growth opportunities in our domestic card business. Slide 8 summarizes second quarter results for the consumer banking business. Ending loans were essentially flat compared to the prior year. Growth at auto loans was offset by planned mortgage run-off. Ending deposits were up about $6 billion versus the prior year. Second quarter auto originations were $6.5 billion, about 20% higher compared to the second quarter of last year. Similar to our domestic card growth, we like the earnings profile and resilience of the auto business we’re booking and continue to believe that the through-the-cycle economics of our auto business are attractive. Sustained success in the auto business requires active management of competitive cycles rather than aiming for arbitrary growth or market share targets. Immediately after the great recession, we had a unique opportunity in auto that we vigorously pursued. Gradually as competition intensified, some subprime players adopted more aggressive underwriting practices that we chose not to follow. As a result, our subprime origination stayed essentially flat for a few years before shrinking in 2015, despite growth in the subprime market. Our prime originations continue to grow during this period. In the first half of 2016, these competitive practices seemed to have subsided somewhat, which enabled us to grow our subprime originations. Even though we’ve had two quarters of stronger growth, the auto market and competitive practices remain dynamic. While we opportunities for growth, we remain very vigilant about competitor practices. Our underwriting assumes a decline in used car prices. We continue to focus on resilient originations, and we continue to expect a gradual decrease in margins and a gradual increase in charge-offs as the cycle plays out. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter decreased modestly from the second quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans and higher deposit volumes was offset by margin compression in auto and planned run-off of mortgage balances. Non-interest expense for the quarter increased 1% compared to the prior year quarter, driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in retail deposit marketing. As we mentioned last quarter, we’ve been optimizing both the format and number of branches to better meet the evolving needs of our customers as banking goes digital. In the second quarter, actual charges related to branch moves were about $35 million. Year-to-date, we’ve recognized about 45 million of the $160 million in expected cost for 2016. These costs show up in the other category rather in the consumer bank segment. Second quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year, primarily driven by additions to the allowance for loan losses for the auto portfolio which Scott described. For several quarters, we’ve said, that we expect pressure on our consumer banking financial results. We expect the pressure to become more visible in consumer banking quarterly results in the second half of the year. In the home loans business, planned mortgage run-off continues. In auto finance, margins are decreasing and charge-offs are rising modestly, and our deposit business continues to face a prolonged period of low interest rates. We expect that these factors will negatively affect consumer banking revenues, efficiency ratio and net income, even as we continue to tightly manage costs. Moving to slide 9, I’ll discuss our commercial banking business. Second quarter ending loan balances increased 29% year-over-year including the acquisition of the GE Healthcare Finance business. Excluding the $8.3 billion of loans acquired from GE, ending loans grew about 13% over the same time period. Average loans increased 27% year-over-year while average deposits increased 3%. Revenue was up 17% from the second quarter of 2015. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolios. Provision for credit losses increased $79 million from the prior year quarter to a $128 million, as we continued to build reserves. We’ve been building reserves over the last six quarters to reflect increasing risk in oil and gas and taxi medallion loans. Criticized and non-performing loan rates were relatively stable in the quarter. The commercial bank criticized loan rate was 5.3% in the second quarter comprised of the criticized performing loan rates of 3.7% and the criticized non-performing loan rate of 1.6%. We continue to focus on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. As you can see on slide 10, our total oil and gas loans ended the second quarter at $3.0 billion or about 1.3% of total company loans. Unfunded exposure decreased to $2.7 billion. We had a net release from the reserves allocated to the oil and gas portfolio, driven by reductions in our unfunded exposures following the spring redetermination process. But we still expect that oil and gas loans will continue to present challenges. At quarter end, approximately $265 million of our total commercial allowance for loan losses was specifically allocated to our oil and gas portfolio. This allowance is about 8.9% of total oil and gas loans. Including unfunded reserves plus allowance, we held $310 million in total reserves allocated to the oil and gas portfolio. I’ll close this evening with some thoughts on second quarter results and our outlook for 2016. We posted another quarter of strong growth in domestic card loan balances and purchase volumes, as well as growth in auto and commercial loans, driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue and related increases in operating expense, marketing and allowance for loan losses. Non-interest expense increased modestly from the linked quarter, but second quarter non-interest expense remains below our expected run rate for the remaining quarters of 2016 for several reasons. Our businesses continue to grow, we expect about $115 million in branch optimization cost to impact the remainder of 2016, and we expect higher FDIC expenses in the second half of 2016. Our efficiency ratio guidance is not changing. Compared to 2015, we still expect some improvement in our full year 2016 efficiency ratio, with continuing improvement in 2017, excluding adjusting items. We plan to deliver efficiency improvement despite pressure from elevated branch optimization costs, higher FDIC expenses and recent deterioration in market expectations for interest rates. We expect our card growth will create positive operating leverage overtime, and we continue to tightly manage cost across our businesses. The 2016 CCAR process concluded in the quarter. The Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan, so we expect to maintain our dividend and repurchase $2.5 billion of stock over the next four quarters. Pulling up, we continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder returns driven by growth and sustainable returns at the higher end of banks, as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. Now Scott, Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy there are other investors and analyst who may wish to ask a question. Please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the call, the Investor Relations team will be available. Please start the Q&A session Dede.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll start the question with Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Betsy Graseck: Couple of questions, one is on the reserve. Just wanted to understand when during the quarter do you make decision to do the reserve top up and this is something that’s looking forward just on a four quarter basis or is this on a - more of a two year basis, an eight quarter basis.
Scott Blackley: Besty its Scott, thanks for the question. Let me just reiterate that for our consumer facing businesses there’s kind of three parts that impact the allowance. The first is that we take the outstand as of the end of the period, the second is that we look at our loss expectations for the next 12 months and then we also have qualitative factors to account for some of the non-modeled risks. In this quarter, we had $4 billion of growth, we increased the losses in our allowance window which is totally consistent with what we have been signaling in our guidance for rising charge-offs and of course as we every quarter we true-up qualitative factor. So those were really the factors, the same process that we do each quarter for the allowance.
Betsy Graseck: Second question is just on the interchange that you talked about, pressure on the interchange coming from some specific deals that large merchants are doing with the network. And I think Rich you’ve mentioned this on prior calls, just wanted to get a sense as to, is this an acceleration here and is it large enough for you to consider or think about changing how your rewards are structured.
Scott Blackley: Betsy, it’s the same phenomenon with pretty much the same merchants that I talked about in the past. So these are big merchants so therefore you’ll see the effects on our metrics as this rolls through. Some of it is in there and some is rolling in to the numbers. But it will not necessitate a change in anything about our strategy of going after the rewards business and continue to believe in the growth opportunity in that business.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Rich, maybe if I could start off with a question on credit. We’ve now had 13 months of double-digit loan growth in the US. You’re reiterating the guidance on charge-offs for and low for us next year. You noted the impact of growth math will decelerate. So I’m just trying to understand if let’s just say loan growth were to remain steadier even decelerate from here. Given the way that the book seasons, how far out is it going to take for charge-offs to peak and then related to that when would you actually expect provisions from growth mix to actually peak.
Richard Fairbank: Hey Ryan, Look I’m reluctant to predict peak per say, we like to explain very much the mechanics of how things work. Growth math which on the way up and as growth is increasing, growth math works one way and then slowing growth in some ways works the other way. That would impact provision expenses directly by reducing the allowance build driven by loan growth. And overtime slower growth could also reduce the pace of growth math related to cards overall loss rate by accelerating the point at which the natural seasoning of older growth offsets the growth math effects of newer growth. But a lot depends really on the magnitude, and mix of the remaining growth. So, we are growing at a pretty rapid pace now, so even if the loan growth flows a bit from here, it is still quite a bit of growth relative to the highly seasoned back book. So you’re right about the math, I’m reluctant to pick a peak here because there are a lot of factors involved, but I think that everyone should understand the way growth math works and the way it works as growth accelerates and as growth is big and then it tends to be a good guy, as it works through on the other side. The growth math of a particular vintage has most of its impact over the two years following that, and then there is really a seasoning from there and so this is really just the net seasoning math of all the different vintages and the size of those.
Ryan Nash: Got it. Maybe if I could just do one unrelated follow-up, Rich. Very healthy quarter for growth in auto, you said that you’re still seeing some competitive pressures. Maybe can you just expand a little bit on those comments, what you’re seeing competitively and one of the regional bank Huntington talked about the sensitivity to a fall-in in the Manheim. They said if the Manheim fell a 100 they would see charge-offs go from 20 to 30. Can you may be just talk quantitatively or qualitatively about how you would expect the sensitivity to charge-offs to a falling Manheim.
Richard Fairbank: As credit people we are always worriers, right. And so we have - the auto business is a classic business that we really like the business, but we need to have our eyes very wide open about where we are in the credit cycle, which may or may not be the very same thing as in the economic cycle and we have to act accordingly. So at the top of our worry list is underwriting practices, because that not only affects volumes as we pull back, but it also can so quickly make its way in to credit quality and not only for those doing those practices, but it can ripple effects on the industry. So it’s a top of our list, its concerns has been competitors practices, and we have lagged particularly in the subprime area some concern about that. That as I mentioned is actually looks like its mitigating somewhat, I don’t want to declare victory on that, but that’s a positive here and we’ll keep an eye on that. The next thing is just the amount of supply out there, and from the amazingly low levels of supply a few years ago, this has been a very natural return to more and more supply in the industry and you can see every year there’s a little bit more out there and more competition and that’s why overtime margins have gone down, and so far we feel good that some of the most critical things like LTV have stayed, haven’t gotten affected yet. A lot of pricing, a lot of the impact has been more on the pricing that affects margins. So that’s kind of the competitive side of it, and then as we mentioned for quite a long time, we’ve got to remember the collateral value side of this thing, and the fact that used car prices have been at record levels for a long time is certainly a matter concern and we said pretty much there’s only one way for them to go from here. Interestingly if you look at the Manheim index, that is pretty flat, may be ticking down a little bit. We have our own recovery index on our own business and that has been actually declining really for the last couple of years. Interesting point, well why would our recovery index would be disconnected a little bit from the Manheim index? I think that’s a little bit more about that our mix is a little different from Manheim’s’ mix. The Manheim mix has a higher proportion of larger vehicles, they have been increasing in price. Lately prices for smaller vehicles have been declining and on a relative basis we have more of a mix of smaller cars and fewer trucks basically than the Manheim index overall. So I think we see more of that effect than the industry does. But the main point is, the only way from here is down and we underwrite to an assumption that this thing is coming down right away. How it actually plays out, we’ll have to see. I don’t think we’ve got any like scenario modeling quantitatively to share with you, but I think you’re focusing on the right concerns in the business.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom: Rich, just to follow-up on Ryan’s question, it sounded like some of the provision increase in auto had to do with some higher anticipated severity, but is there anything that you’re seeing that caused you think that there’s going to be a change in the frequency of default in auto.
Richard Fairbank: No, I think that our outlook was frankly relative to last quarter probably a little more bullish, just more locally bullish about the auto business because of a little mitigation that’s going on in the competitive environment of subprime. But I think the way to think about the auto business is that off of the once in a life time levels from some years ago, there’s a gradual normalization that’s very much kind of how the market works, and I think that we see that going on, but we don’t see indicators that would suggest that there’s some turn in the business and we talked about the used car issues we’re keeping an eye on, but other than that I think more this is us worrying as oppose to reporting some real degradation in the business.
Eric Wasserstrom: And if I can just follow-up on the optimization cost, can you just remind me what the full year figure is and where will we see come to the benefits of that manifested in the income statement?
Richard Fairbank: When you say optimization you’re talking about the branch restructuring cost?
Eric Wasserstrom: Correct.
Richard Fairbank: Well you’ll see obviously the charges will be broken out in the other area, but they will be spread throughout the income statement, they’ll obviously be recognized overtime. We’ve already recognized about 40 million of the 160 million so that means we have another 80 to go in the second half.
Scott Blackley: If you think about this quarter, a good portion of the total charges that ramp through our occupancy and equipment line item, which really reflected some accelerated depreciation and some additional cost associated with closures.
Richard Fairbank: It’s a 160 total, so 40 in the first half, the run rate will be up 80 versus the first half, so it will be about 120.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next we have Rich Shane with J.P. Morgan.
Rich Shane: I think in a lot of ways that the positive factor for Capital One over the next 18 months is going to be given the ramp up in car charge-offs the stabilization that you point to in 2017, what I’m trying to understand is, and I think this sort of gets back to Ryan’s question as well. Given that you are still in a high growth mode at least through the first half of 2016, why aren’t we going to see the impact of growth math impact charge-offs in 2017. What gives you confidence that it’s going to start to flatten out?
Richard Fairbank: I want to be perfectly clear that the business we’re booking this year absolutely impacts the 2017 numbers and growth math plays out over a multi-year period. So I want to be perfectly clear, we are continuing book a lot of business here and these vintages then have to work their way through and they tend to over the first couple of years reach their peak and then moderate from there. In fact you can see our guidance about 2017 charge-offs is higher than 2016. So I want to say that this how a growth math works.
Rich Shane: I think you guys recognize the same thing in terms of how important that issue is, given that you provided guidance in terms of charge-offs for ’17 a little bit earlier than you have in the past.
Richard Fairbank: Absolutely Rich. The way we looked at it is that and why we stepped out of character a little bit to provide guidance farther out in to the future is that we were moving in to a period where two things were true, one is that we were growing at a pretty rapid rate and expected to do continue to do that, which is in fact turned out to be the case. And it comes off of just a - you probably won’t see it again in your years of following this industry in terms of how seasoned and recession sort of survived the existing back book is. And so that impact of all of that let us to feel it was important to give a sense of where, with a lots of other things being equal growth math would take our credit. And along the way to explain to you how growth math works. But I want to pull up on this, I found over the many years in building Capital One, just about anything that’s really value creating involves digging a hole before the benefits come. If it weren’t that way, everybody would rush in and do it and actually would kill the opportunity. We have many years of experience in studying credit and understanding how value gets created overtime by origination. But the key is very solid underwriting, incredibly rigorous, what I call horizontal accountings that one understands the full vintage economics and how they perform overtime and then finally helping our investors along the way to understand what comes with that journey. But if we pull way up at this very time when there is credit losses are going up, allowances being built, we feel great about the business that we are booking. We’re incredibly happy that we’ve had the growth opportunity for the period of time that we have. We know competition is increasing, but we’re still pretty bullish that we can get some continuing growth opportunities, and I think this can be a real value creator for our investors.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next we have Arren Cyganovich with D.A. Davidson.
Arren Cyganovich: Rich, in your prepared remarks you talked about competition picking up in the domestic credit card market across all of the platforms that you work and reward subprime. And my question is more about you still finding opportunities in here, but you’re also seeing this increasing competition. I’m trying to balance the way that you’re discussing this. It seems as though that it’s becoming more difficult and maybe you’re signaling that loan growth could slow a little bit from here. I’m trying to understand what you’re trying to tell us in that comment.
Richard Fairbank: I think for those who know me, how I try to operate in this thing. It’s less about signaling and more about just describing what we see and sharing with you what are the - so what’s of that. So I start with, we are very bullish about our growth opportunity. It is factual matter that the growth rate is down over some of the highs of the last couple of quarters on a year-over-year basis, but we’re continuing to have pretty significant and to us very attractive growth. But we are very obsessive about how competition works. So often people always talk about well what’s the economy doing and how big is the opportunity. Number one on our list is, what is the nature of the competitive environment, and that of course in its most first order effect effects growth itself. So it is noteworthy that competition from rewards all the way down to subprime despite sometimes protestation of folks that they don’t do subprime there is an increase and in fact the actual growth rate in subprime by our tally industry is actually higher than in prime. And you can see in the overall revolving debt numbers, growth is up. So all other things being equal, that increases the challenge with respect to our own growth rate. But again, we’ve created some pretty unique opportunities and we like the value that we’re offering customers and the customer experience and we feel good about that opportunity. The second thing and I made the same point last quarter and I make it so often is, what we’re seeing here is a very natural part of how the competitive cycle works. But increased growth overtime tends to make its way into credit metrics in the industry as well. This is an industry where all of us share a lot of the same customers. So it is a natural part of the cycle that when you have sustained competition typically, we tend to see on a delayed basis that that makes its way in to industry credit metrics. And then the thing that even more worries and that we look for and we have not seen this is sort of the next stage in cycles do people actually start really compromising their underwriting standards and that becomes something that is kind of at the next level in how these cycles evolve. So we feel great about the opportunity, it’s not lost on us as a competition has increased, and industry growth is up and we will watch incredibly vigilantly, we will continue to pursue this growth window because we are very focused on windows of opportunity. As a company, we believe in this window, we will continue to pursue it with our eyes wide open and that’s kind of how we operate Capital One.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next from KBW we’ll here from Sanjay Sakhrani.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to touch back on the competition, is it due to existing players or are there new entrants that are coming in both the credit card and the auto side?
Richard Fairbank: This competition, by the way there’s not like some big thing that happened in the last quarter. This is a creeping increase in competition, it’s primarily by the biggest players in the business who in fact definitionally dominate the business. So you’ve seen some increased competition in the reward space, you’ve seen some competitors strengthen some of their rewards proposition, value propositions. There’s actually been people stepping up and announcing they are going to step up some of their marketing, and finally we can see it in just in some of the growth numbers across the segment. I would also point out that there is sort of pulling back beyond credit cards or auto for that matter. There continues to be growth in other forms of consumer credit like installment loans and student loans. So that’s part of the supply equation as well, but this is something that we’d give a continuing description about this phenomenon, because over time these things affect the business. But the main point I want to leave with you is in the card business and really in the auto business, we remain bullish about the opportunity and very bullish about the business that we have been able to generate.
Unidentified Analyst: And then separately on the efficiency ratio side, how much leverage do you guys have in terms of for the next year. How should we think about that?
Richard Fairbank: I don’t know there’s much to do beyond the guidance that we’ve already given you. Is there something else that you’d like to discuss just kind of as far as we’ve been prepared to go?
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah just wanted to quantify in terms of the continued improvement in 2017.
Richard Fairbank: We are not going to go to the quantification, the guidance kind of is what we’ve stated and it’s been stated for a while, so it’s going to be a function of a whole bunch of things, but that’s a long way out going in to ’17.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris Brendler: Can you talk at all the comments on interchange pressure, as I look at your net interchange stands about 15 basis points last two years? How much of that is increasing rewards expense and how much of the decline recently has been from this margin effect. My sense is most of it is higher rewards expense rather than some significant decrease in interchange rates? Thank you.
Steve Crawford: Again I don’t think we’re going to get in to the main issue on line by line with each of these things and the factors that are driving our income statement. We’re trying to give you a sense of the major things, but you’d kind of heard our commentary on what the impacts are that’s kind of probably where I’d leave it.
Chris Brendler: I guess ask a different way, if I look back historically net interchange used to be a 150 basis points maybe five-ten years ago and now we’re down to 87. Is this the rate for the bottom or do you think it will stabilize at some point?
Richard Fairbank: I think that the entire industry is - look there’s competition both on the front-end kind of marketed products and what are the rewards that are being offered. And the other trend is very important one to point out is, the extension of more rewards deeper in to various competitors including our own customer base. So, I think that will play out for some time. I don’t think this is a race down to zero. I really believe in the business and I think that we are incredibly bullish about the opportunity in this business and the long term economics in the business. I think we have wanted to point that over a multi-year period there is this migration that has gone on.
Scott Blackley: And again just look at the rewards decline in a vacuum. The rewards that we’ve provided to customers in terms of additional share of wallet have been very important to the business. So there are other things that contribute to the value of that relationship besides just what’s happening in that rewards.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next we’ll hear from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: I know that you don’t think about the reserve as a percentage of loan in the credit card business. But it seems like there’s a bit of disconnect, right, you’ve given a lot of specific guidance that you’ve actually been meeting on a monthly and quarterly basis in terms of the charge-offs and then there are those of us on this side that seems to be getting wrong of their reserve build. With what seems like relatively stability in the charge-offs right, you’re talking about charge-offs that averaged a little more than 4% for the first half and you’re saying pretty much that for the full year. So not a big change in the next couple of quarter and then low fours after that. So this doesn’t sound like there’s a big change in that. I understand that you’ve got to provide for growth, but are we close to a point where we should be seeing that reserve to loans being relatively stable?
Scott Blackley: Hey Moshe its Scott. I think that using coverage rates is a tough thing for our business because we do have a lot of seasonal activity as you know. And so you know as sounds fluctuate that those coverage ratios can send false signals. I think I would say that as we told you we expect losses increase 2016 to 2017, and that means that the rate of allowance growth in those periods is going to be more than the loan growth all else being equal. And as Rich mentioned, there is going to be a point where you start to see the growth math effects moderate and at that time we would expect that relationship to change, but we do expect that we’re going to continue to see fluctuations in the allowance quarter-to-quarter. I really to appreciate that modeling that thing is tough. And I’m going to just give you a very blunt hypothetical example, a 10 basis points move in loss rate which can easily happen, not be anything more than noise can trigger a 90 million allowance change. So there’s nothing that I would point to and I definitely believe that the most important thing for you to look at in terms of where think credits’ going and what’s driving our allowances as well as the guidance that we’ve already provided.
Moshe Orenbuch: Scott we’re not trying combative here, but the problem is if you’re telling us that the guidance is the same, that’s where we are struggling, because if the guidance is the same and we’ve seen the additions over the last five quarters, what is different? Is it just that --.
Steve Crawford: We didn’t provide you guidance on allowance still.
Moshe Orenbuch: Understood.
Steve Crawford: So that’s not something that we’re prepared to do. What we can tell you is what drives allowance, growth in our portfolio, change in credit card charge-offs insight in to, and then Scott provided a very real example, a 10 basis points change which is not very much which is one-third of the reserve build we had this quarter. So you’re not difficult to totally understand the genesis of the question, but over the last 18 months as we knew that this was going to be a real consideration and we really deliberately tried to talk about the three or four factors that drive our allowance. And actually as Rich said earlier, despite the discomfort, stepped out and went even further trying to predict loss rates in 2017, just to give people a sense as to the fact that there weren’t surprises here. We really like the growth we’re having, but think about it as a capital investment in growth. It’s something that we believe is going to lead to real economic value creation.
Moshe Orenbuch: Or maybe this will be one of the advantages of [CCAR].
Operator: Our next question is from James Fotheringham with the Bank of Montreal
James Fotheringham: So if growth math works both ways, just roughly, how meaningful a deceleration in loan growth from the current level hypothetically would be required to affect a change in provision say with a two year view all else being equal. And I’m not looking for precision here, but roughly do you need hundreds of basis points in deceleration to affect the change, and is the relationship on the way down linear or is it more of a step change. Thanks.
Scott Blackley: The fact that we’re having deceleration in growth if you go back to I think Scotts excellent explanation. If we just lower growth next quarter, by definition we are going to have a lower allowance build for that growth. And then if you have lower new originations than you have a higher percentage of the back book relative to the front book comparing to what you otherwise would have. So that and that in some degree will drive down the allowance filled. But that’s all else equal as well, so I don’t know that we can go a lot further than that and give you some intuition about the way that this is going to unfold.
Richard Fairbank: I don’t think people should expect that if the very high growth rate we’ve been going on turns in to a pretty high growth rate that you’re going to see some big sea change here. This is still - we are origination at - these are a lot of originations and as a percentage relative to the back book which is great news for value creation a bigger and bigger percentage of our book has actually been recently originated. So growth math will be with us in terms of the - how losses go up. That’s going to be with us through - that’s not going to suddenly turnaround. But I think what I like so much about this is coiled spring of economic value for which we are paying upfront through higher, through allowance build and a loss curve that is front loaded. That coils the spring of value creation. In a business and in an industry that doesn’t have that many of those kinds of opportunities and this is in many ways really the pay-off for the information based strategy where we invested for years. And I’d also point out too that we’re a company that while a lot of companies look around and say what’s the next thing we can buy. We are a company that is designed to as in origination based company, where can we really massively test and find growth opportunities that really pay-off in the long term and work with our investors to understand the journey of how the performance actually plays out. But the pay-off is not going to come in the near-term by credit losses turning around and going down. Over the longer term each vintage will peak and actually go down and there’s a continuing dividend that will be paid over time. But right now this is the period of rising losses and growth math on the way up.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Thank you gentlemen. Our last question of the day will be from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell: Just a couple of administrative questions first, the release of the unfunded commitments in the oil and gas portfolio, where did that run through the income statement? Was that in operating expenses?
Scott Blackley: Matt this is Scott. The release actually runs through as part of our provision expense.
Matt Burnell: And then the FDIC insurance assessments, have you quantified the size of those?
Steve Crawford: Yeah, that will be about 20 million a quarter starting in the third quarter.
Matt Burnell: And then just on the taxi medallion portfolio, I appreciate it’s not huge, it’s than a $1 billion obviously. But do you have any color as to how you’re thinking that will continue to perform, are there other cities where you’re concerned about a meaningful drop in valuation similar to what you saw in Chicago?
Richard Fairbank: Matt let me start and other can pile in. So first of all, if you look at the allowance build in this quarter, I mentioned that we have 100 million in Chicago and we did observe in that market a pretty steep decline in prices of traded taxi medallion. So that’s principally what’s going on in that market. The other market that we have our principal exposure to its in New York, which is a different market. I think we’ve talked about that in markets where it’s a hail market, prices are seemed to be more stable, and so I don’t want to give you too much confidence about where we see things move in to New York. But definitely our level of concern about Chicago is much higher than what we would say in the New York market place, it’s just a different mix and small right now.
Jeff Norris: Well thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember if you have further questions, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to try and answer them. Have a great evening everybody.
Operator: And that concludes today’s conference call. We thank you for joining.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and CEO Steve Crawford - CFO
Analysts: Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Rich Shane - JPMorgan Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW David Ho - Deutsche Bank Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Chris Brendler - Stifel Don Fandetti - Citi Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Arren Cyganovich - D.A. Davidson Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Please go ahead sir.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Tom, and welcome everyone to Capital One's first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2016 results. With me these evenings are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on these factors, please see the section entitled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factors section in our annual and quarterly reports which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Steve Crawford: Thanks Jeff, I’ll begin tonight with slide 3. Capital One earned $1 billion or $1.84 per share in the first quarter. Pre-provision earnings increased 10% from the fourth quarter to $3 billion as we had higher revenues and lower marketing and operating expenses. Provision for credit losses increased linked quarter driven by higher charge-offs and a $286 million allowance build including $73 million of allowance build in our oil and gas portfolio.  As you can see on slide 4 reported NIM decreased 4 basis points from the fourth quarter to 6.75%, driven by one last day of recognized income and a full quarter of lower yielding GE commercial assets, partially offset by higher interest rates. NIM increased 18 basis point year-over-year fuelled by strong growth in our domestic card business. Turning to slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 11.1%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, it was 10.9%. We reduced our net share count by 12.8 million shares in the quarter. As we completed our previously announced incremental 300 million in repurchases in the first quarter. We are on track to complete our remaining C card authorization by the end of the second quarter of 2016. As we continue our parallel run for Basel III advanced to purchase, we estimate that our common equity Tier 1 Capital ratio was above our target of 8%. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Steve, I’ll begin on slide 7 with our domestic card business. Strong growth continued in the quarter. Compared to the first quarter of last year, our ending loans and average loans were both up 14%. We continued to like the earnings profile and the resilience of the business we’re booking. First-quarter revenue increased 12% from the prior-year quarter, slightly lagging average loan growth as revenue margin declined modestly. Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.6%. As a reminder, payment protection revenue contributed about 25 basis points to full-year 2015 revenue margin. Because we completed the exit of our back book of payment protection products at the end of the first quarter, we expect this contribution to go to zero in the second quarter revenue margin. Purchase volume in the first quarter increased about 20% from the prior year. Net interchange revenue for the total company also increased 20%. Although the two growth rates were the same this quarter, we’ve consistently emphasized the need to look at longer term trends to understand that interchange growth without the quarterly volatility. For the past several years, on an annual basis net interchange growth has been well below domestic card purchase volume growth. We’d expect this divergence to continue as we continue to expand and strengthen our rewards franchise by originating new rewards customers and extending rewards to existing customers. Also a few of the largest merchants have negotiated custom deals with the card networks that will make their way into interchange revenue overtime. First quarter non-interest expenses increased compared to the prior-year quarter, with higher marketing and growth-related operating expenses as well as continuing digital investments. As we've discussed for several quarters, two factors are driving our current credit trends and expectations. The first is growth math, which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio. The second is seasonality. All else equal, the first quarter is the seasonal peak for charge-off rate. Our guidance for domestic card charge-off rate remains unchanged. We expect the upward pressure from growth math will continue through 2016 and begin to moderate in 2017. We still expect the full year 2016 charge-off rate to be around 4% with quarterly seasonal variability. Based on what we see today and assuming relative stability and consumer behavior the domestic economy and competitive conditions, we still expect full year 2017 charge-off rate in the low 4s with quarterly seasonal variability. Loan growth coupled with our expectations for rise in charge-off rate drove an allowance build in the quarter. We expect allowance additions going forward primarily driven by growth. Slide 8 summarizes first-quarter results for our consumer banking business. Ending loans were down a little less than $1 billion compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was offset by planned mortgage run-off. Ending deposits were up about $5.3 billion and versus the prior year. Auto originations in the first quarter were $5.8 billion, about 13% higher compared to the first quarter of last year. In the fourth quarter of 2015, originations shrink particularly in subprime. This quarter, originations growth was stronger including in subprime. We had good success with our originations programs and it appears that competitive intensity may have softened a bit in the quarter. But we wouldn’t take much from any one quarter of results. We still feel the same way about this business as we have for several quarters. We remain very vigilant about competitor practices, in our underwriting we assume used card prices declined further. We continue to focus on resilient originations and we continue to expect gradual or normalization of margin and credit. Consumer banking revenue for the quarter increased modestly from the first quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans and higher deposit volumes was offset by margin compression in auto and declining mortgage balances. First quarter revenues were also aided by rewards liability release associated with discontinuing certain checking products. Non-interest expense increased compared to the prior year quarter driven by growth in auto loans and an increase in retail deposit marketing. First quarter provision for credit losses was up from the prior year, mostly as a result of growth in auto loans and a modestly higher auto charge-off rate. We also added to the consumer banking allowance for loan losses in the quarter. As we previously discussed, we expect auto charge-offs to increase gradually and in the first quarter we observed a decline in used vehicle values. These two factors drove the allowance addition. In our retail deposit businesses, customer needs and preferences are changing driving changes to the function, format and number of our branches. Like all banks we’ve been optimizing both the format and number of branches to better meet the evolving needs of our customers as banking goes digital. In 2015 branch optimization costs were about $50 million. We are planning to accelerate these efforts and we expect branch optimization cost to be elevated in 2016. We are still formulating specific plans and timings, but based on what we see today we expect to recognize branch optimization expenses of about $160 million in 2016. In the first quarter, actual charges were $11 million. This category rather than the consumer bank P&L. We expect several factors to put pressure on our consumer banking financial results in 2016. In the home loans business planned mortgage run off continues. In auto finance, margins are compressing and charge-offs are rising modestly. And our deposit businesses continue to face a prolonged period of low interest rates. We expect these factors will negatively affect consumer banking revenue, efficiency ratio and net income in 2016 even as we continue to tightly manage cost. Moving to slide 9, I’ll discuss our commercial banking business. Ending loan balances in the quarter increased 27% year-over-year, and average loans increased 24% including the acquisition of GE Healthcare Finance business. Excluding the $8.3 billion of loans acquired from GE ending loans grew about 10% year-over-year. While competition is pressuring loan terms and pricing in both CRE and CNI, we continue to see good growth opportunities in select specialty industry verticals. Revenue in the first quarter increased 14% compared to the first quarter of 2015. Revenue growth was below average loan growth because of continuing spread compression. Credit pressures continue to be focused in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolios. Provision for credit losses increased $168 million from the prior-year quarter to $228 million, as we continued to build reserves. We’ve been building reserves over the last six quarters in anticipation of increasing risk in oil and gas and taxi medallion loans. Downgrades of oil and gas loans drove first quarter increases in criticized and non-performing loans. The commercial bank criticized loan rate was 5.6% in the first quarter comprised of the criticized performing loan rate of 4% and the criticized non-performing loan rate of 1.6%. We continue to focus on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. As you can see on slide 10, our total oil and gas loans ended the first quarter at $3.2 billion or about 1.5% of total company loans as some exploration and production customers drew on their lines in the quarter. Unfunded exposure decrease to $2.7 billion, total exposure including both loans and unfunded exposure decline to $5.9 billion, we expect that oil and gas loans will continue to present challenges and we've been building reserves to reflect that concern. At quarter end approximately $262 million of our total commercial allowance for loan losses was specifically allocated to our oil and gas portfolio. This allowance is about 8% of total oil and gas loans. Including unfunded reserves plus allowance we hold $359 million in total reserves allocated to the oil and gas portfolio. While our current reserves fully reflect all the information we have today as the turmoil and the energy industry continues future developments could lead to further reserve builds and possibly increasing charge-offs. I'll close tonight with some thoughts on first quarter results and our outlook for 2016. We posted another strong quarter of growth in domestic card loan balances and purchase volumes driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue, as well as related increases in operating expense, marketing and allowance for loan losses. Non-interest expense decreased 6% from the linked quarter driven by seasonal declines in marketing and operating expense. First quarter non-interest expense does not represent a run rate for the remaining quarters of 2016 for several reasons. The first quarter is typically a low point for non-interest expense. Our businesses continue to grow. We expect about $100 million in elevated branch optimization cost to impact the remainder of 2016, and we expect the net impact of FDIC surcharges and premium changes to add about $20 million to quarterly operating expense beginning in the third quarter of 2016. Provision for credit losses increased in the quarter. We added to the allowance for loan losses, primarily because of domestic card loan growth and the expectation of higher domestic card charge-off rates because of growth math. We expect these factors to drive further allowance builds in 2016. We also build commercial banking reserves in the quarter to reflect increasing risk in energy loan. Our efficiency ratio guidance is not changing. Compared to 2015, we still expect some improvement in our full year 2016 efficiency ratio with continuing improvement in 2017 excluding adjusting item. To be clear there were no adjusting items in the first quarter. We planned to deliver efficiency improvement despite the additional pressure from elevated branch optimization cost, higher FDIC expense and deterioration in marketing expectations for interest rate. We expect our card growth will create positive operating leverage over time, and we continue to tightly managed cost across our business. Pulling up, we continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder returns driven by growth and sustainable returns at the higher end of banks, as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. Now Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start Q&A session. As currently the other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any questions after the Q&A session, Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Sam, please start the Q&A session. 
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Rich, I heard you say don't look just in each quarter in terms of like growth rate of interchange income, but you had a couple of quarters where it's kind of match or been close to matching the level of the growth rate in spending volumes. Could you just talk a little bit about what will cause it, I mean, if you're saying that it will diverge and go lower, like what is the cause in the future. Have you got specific plans for growth and can maybe just relate that to how you see the competitive environment for rewards right now?
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Moshe. So the most important point is to just reflect on the volatility of this number and particularly as we turn in the second consecutive quarter of where this – the number meaning the net interchange growth number where it is as high as it is, we go out of our way to remind folks that there's a lot that goes in to this particular calculation and these contribute to its volatility. So, let me start Moshe with just the volatility side of this thing. The net interest interchange metric includes partnership, contractual payments and international card and consumer bank net interchange and also we update our rewards liability every quarter based on points earned and redeemed the redemption mix and redemption rates. And so, any one quarter we probably spend more calories explaining that volatility than we do just reporting it just to make sure that folks focus on the longer term trends. If you look at the full year 2015 compared to 2014, our net interchange grew 11% compared to purchase volume growth of 21%. So, if we get pass the quarterly noise part of the conversation. Let's talk about why net interchange growth has generally lag domestic card purchase volume growth and why we also expect that to continue. Our rewards programs have been and continue to be very successful with -- yes of course strong growth in flagship products like Quicksilver and Venture and our Spark card, but we're also building a long term franchise very consciously and consistently by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers and extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards. And as you can imagine this entails some near term cannibalization when we do this. But it's all part of building stronger, deeper customer franchise. And those trends – I mean we're well on our way with respect to those trends, but they will continue. And also -- and this is something that will be a newer effect in the numbers that's not in our prior numbers, a few of the larger merchants have negotiated customer interchange deals with the network and those economics on negotiations that have now happened will make their way into the interchange metrics for card players. So, you ask the question about rewards competition. This is a very competitive space, I think the competition has intensified a bit over the past years, over the past year really issuers are continuing to introduce new offers, upfront bonuses have been gradually increasing over time. I still look at this, as the player its generally rational, intensely competitive and our strategy is design to go right into a marketplace like that. So, we'll keep an eye obviously on interchange risk, I mean, that's a different orthogonal factor, but I think that we still feel pretty optimistic about that. That variable overall in the marketplace and all-in-all as we post another quarter of pretty strong performance we – it’s really more of the same story that we've seen in the past and despite intense competitive we still see a window of opportunity to grow and beyond sort of the notion of window here I think this is just part of the same strategy of Capital One to invest in and going at the top end of the marketplace and I think we're very pleased with our success.
Moshe Orenbuch: Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Shane with JPMorgan.
Rich Shane: Thank you for taking my questions. Really there is sort of related, Rich, you've been very clear about your decision to be little bit more cautious in auto. Over the last several quarters you're actually going back probably four, five quarters, you've been pretty bullish on the opportunity in the card space. Do you see that opportunity still being there? And in light of the growth that you're experience now, I understand the growth math impacting losses into 2016, why are you so confident that they're going to start to flatten out into 2017 as you continue to grow? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Rick, several questions there. First of all you mentioned auto and card, so let me do a little cross calibration relative to those two. We see growth opportunities in both businesses, in fact you saw an auto actually growth stepped up a little, although we went out of our way to say, don't get carried away with that. I think our message is really the same as before, frankly, in both businesses our message is really the same as we had last quarter. On a cross calibration, I think the auto business is a little bit further along in the sort of the natural evolution of a market and the competitive dynamic associated with that and I think we see less growth opportunity there even though at the margin we're both vigilant and very much working to capture the opportunities that are consistent with our underwriting. On the card side, I think that the marketplace is despite very competitive is still, I'd say it's very rational. The competitors have staked our different positions in the marketplace with different strategies and several are succeeding all at the same time. Where we are finding growth is an opportunities that are through the result of investments for years and strategic focus and testing and a lot of things that give rise to a more sustainable growth opportunity. Again, I still would flag nothing last forever and we'll take this one quarter at a time. But we feel the same way about the card business as we do a quarter – did a quarter ago. I think there are still lags on the growth opportunity here. And again, it will all be down within abandons of caution and knowing that window is always open and close, but I think we still are quite bullish about this opportunity. Now, then you said, so what about growth math? The growth math, because we have the – the key thing about growth math that is – that's so central to our explanation about credit at the moment is not just that we're doing a lot of growth right now. And as you know Rick, growth entails sort of peak losses on a vantage in the first couple of years before a thing settled out. So you have that component, but the fact that it is on top of almost we never quite seen before the extend of such a season resilient back book that the juxtaposition of high growth on top of a highly season back book creates particularly more dramatic growth math effects. All of that said, it's also the case that if you overlaying a bunch of vintages that have the same credit growth dynamics, there is just a natural seasoning effect that occurs. Frankly whether growth continues or whether growth slows down that becomes a pretty strong effect in causing the credit effects of growth math to settle out in the latter part of the time horizon that we have provided guidance for.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good afternoon. The couple of questions, one was just on Richard mentioned, the custom deals that the larger networks has struck with some of the larger merchants. I just wanted to get a sense from you as to the pace of impact on your fee rates that you're anticipating from this. Is it something that is a few basis points over a year time or it just tens of basis points over a couple of quarters? Maybe give sense of magnitude and timing and then whether or not you feel that as it plays out to other merchants, this is just something we should put in our model for the next year or two?
Richard Fairbank: So, I think there are some – there are really kind of a couple of one-off things that have happened, that have been negotiated and those will become enduring effects relative to those merchants. So those effects will make their way over the course of the next number of quarters into a change in the run rate of interchange from those couple of merchants. And I don't think this is just like a see [ph] change in how the industry works, but we just wanted to flag that these I think well known things that have gone on in the marketplace, have a natural impact as they flow into any of the major card players.
Betsy Graseck: So, is it changing your go-to-market strategy with rewards as you indicated with this, this is just kind of noise in the background as oppose to we have to change, how we are thinking about rewards with this custom deals happening?
Richard Fairbank: The reality is the merchant marketplace even though it’s a lot more consolidated than it was years ago, it still when you really stand back and look at it a strikingly fragmented marketplace and this does not have any impact on our overall strategy.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. Rich, you talked about possibly more provisions in the oil and gas portfolio, could you just talk about the sensitivity going forward?
Richard Fairbank: So, I think that, look, I don't think we want to be in the sensitivity business. I think we did scenario last time that went through sort of the mathematical impact of a one unique set of assumptions about prices and all that happened is our own provision was different, but the external scenario was different and our own allowance build reserve and everything else ended up being unique. So, I think what I would say is this. It maybe useful just to pull back and just talk about the provision in the quarter for a minute and then I come back and comment on your question, but if we look at our -- we had a $157 million of the $228 million commercial provision expense was related to energy and $18 million was due to charge-offs mainly in the oil and field services segment. We build reserves by $139 million, and of that our unfunded build was $54 million. As we used higher utilization assumptions for some borrowers given the somewhat defensive behavior that we saw during the quarter, and then lower oil and gas prices run off on hedges and declining collateral values also impacted our borrowers and contributed to the reserve build. And then there were some odds and end to round out the build in provision. So, I think that what we have done in terms of allowance and unfunded reserve builds reflects what we see with our customers and in the marketplace at this time, but I think it is also the nature of markets that sometimes feed on each other that I think that they still needs the deleveraging of the oil and gas industry, still needs to happen. I think we've reserve for that which we see and I think it's our expectation that it will take a while and have continuing credit impacts as this thing fully plays out.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And just a follow-up, just that revenue margins disclosure going forward in terms of protection products, how much of the 25 basis points was in the first quarter, that's going to go to zero on the second quarter? And then when I look at the U.S. card – sorry the domestic card revenue margin, that came down quite significantly year-over-year. Could you just maybe talk, speak to the trajectory going forward maybe? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. First of all, to your cross-sell question. As we mentioned we fully exited cross-sell at the end of the first quarter and we'll have no cross-sell revenue in the second quarter. But yes, some of that affect happened in the first quarter, the first quarter was I don't have the exact number in front of me, but something in the neighborhood of half of the -- is around 10 basis points and being the amount of revenue that we got and that was around 10 basis points. So that would be your answer on that. The domestic card revenue margin, it's interesting how stable that has been over the years. That has been – there's been a lot of factors that have worked in opposite directions on that margin. There is certainly been a macro effect that we've been flagging over time in terms of things that we call franchise enhancements where we continue to make choices in the customers favor and that have a bit of impact on revenue. The most dramatic of these in recent years has been this cross-sell effect and it is now fully playing out. I think the biggest impacts on revenue margin going forward will not be so much of the franchise – further franchise enhancement, although here and there those always go on. I think it’s the – whatever happens in the competitive marketplace which is every intense, and we will continue to monitor that, but I think we're going to stay out of forecasting business with respect to revenue margins.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk about some of the asset sensitivity and I know it's been coming down the last three or four quarters. I know that the outlook on rates obviously continuous to evolve but certainly little lower here versus your expectations. Can you talk about just your balancing strategy and how do you think about positioning this year?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. It's not our policy and try to end up with a large asset sensitive position that's kind of naturally what we end up with as a result of the balance sheet that we have. So we find ourselves in an asset sensitive position but I think we probably if we could do it in an efficient way work to not have as much sensitivity. I should mention we do have some work underway that suggest deposit pricing may not lag as much as we've originally estimated.  There's no final decisions estimate on that point and we probably won't had a more fully formed analysis of that until the second quarter in terms of how it might change our disclosed impacts. But we're taking all of the actions that we can at our accounting friendly to manage the interest rate risk. And really what we're trying to do is balance kind of near term net interest income sensitivity which longer term changes in economic value.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs
Ryan Nash: Hi, good evening guys. Steve, maybe you could follow-up a little bit on that last comment you made about that deposit pricing likely won't lag as much you expected, what is it given that betas have been extremely low across the industry? What is that you're seeing that leads you to the conclusion that it might not be as low.
Steve Crawford: I think we are all struggling with and as you look across the industry at management comments, with the extraordinary change in the actual balance sheets of different depositories and then the extraordinary influence of central banks and the market place and a real uncertainty is to how regulation impacts, deposit flow is going forward and the nature of completion, we're not a period where history provides much comfort to try and figure out where we're headed. So, I think it’s just not surprising that we will continue to be to look at our assumptions on interest rate, sensitivity and risk management and frankly trying to be creative about how this environment which is so different and unlike an unprecedented to how that's going to unfold and what that should mean for how we manage interest rate risk. Now if in fact things due change and our model suggest we are less sensitive, I think that will be a good thing and we'll have avoided for instance, putting on more hedges than we would have otherwise done. So, but I think this is something that everybody in the industry expresses a lot of uncertainly about and its continuing to look at what the implications of that our for rate risk and rate risk management.
Ryan Nash: See if you let, let me interrupt, almost 10% expenses are up 6%. I take the fact that there some headwinds over the next couple of quarters from the branch optimization from the FDIC, but if we continue to see loan growth at these various strong levels, can you help us understand just the magnitude of efficiency improvement, do you think you can continue to drive similar like levels to what we've seen year-over-year, would you expect to see somewhat of a deceleration. And what is a future benefit of the branch optimization that you're doing this year? Thanks.
Steve Crawford: Yes. We really spend a lot of time on the guidance that we gave last quarter and Rich talked about some of the challenges that have emerged over the last three months to that guidance which were absorbing and keeping where it is. And I think with all the puts and takes that's about as far as we prepared to go. Obviously the branch optimization in and of itself on a narrow basis creates savings, but we're also investing in that business in other places and really what we want to do is talk about this on consolidated level. Rich, I don't know whether you have anything to add.
Richard Fairbank: Nothing.
Steve Crawford: Okay.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris Brendler: Hey, thanks for taking my question. I just wonder to see if you any additional color you provide on the strong purchase volume growth in the U.S. card business, 20% is very strong and it seems like most of your competitors are trying to piggy back on Quicksilver and other successes in the cash back space. Any thoughts on the competitive environment with that 20% growth, can you sustain that level? And I'd also like you to address the private label businesses, is that contributing to that strong growth or is that actually dragging on that. It seems to me you haven't really invested or done a whole lot of private label since you bought that HSBC business? Thanks
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Chris, the purchase volume continues to be strong, let's talk about where we're seeing it. We're seeing it across various segments in our business that are growing nicely and obviously the spender and rewards business is growing in our revolver business where we focus on revolvers rather high balance revolvers, we see it in small business. But the growth results from success of our rewards programs, it results from new account origination but also credit line increases. And there is an element of this as you're familiar with the fact that we over the last couple of years increased credit line quite significantly making up for kind of a brown-out that preceded that period of time. Now we're in equilibrium with respect to credit line increases. But as people utilize extra line as you have new originations just the utilization of the card, all of these thing help grow purchase volume. So, the purchase volume numbers are the results of direct success in spend oriented programs as well as it’s a byproduct of all the growth that's going on at Capital One. Can we sustain this? I think that we're in a good competitive position, but obviously a lot of other competitors are investing heavily and have a lot of very successful things that they're doing, so we will continue to take this opportunity as far as it will take us but we're cognizant of the intense competition there. Private label with respect to growth rate is in a different place because that's relatively modest growth rate, because we have not been adding lot of big partnerships. Some of our existing partnerships are having nice growth but that business is in an intense competitive period around auction prices and we've gone to a bunch of auctions. We've tended to come up empty handed lately because of – we're not been willing to go to some of the extreme levels that we have seen where the market clearing price goes. All that said, we like the partnership business and I think it has continued opportunity, but in that business that is so auction driven, I think we have to be very respectful about the nature of the auction pricing cycle within that business and make sure that we don't do unnatural things for the seek of growth.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Don Fandetti: Yes. Rich, if you look around at the major card issuers, it looks like consumer credit very strong. But if you look on the edges for example, the marketplace lenders, they're starting to have problems, and I was just curious if you thought that could be canary in the coal mine or if you think that just a more of a reflection of aggressive growth and maybe not having good credit underwriting in their DNA?
Richard Fairbank: First of all, I want to start with your opening point, consumer credit and especially card credit have been exceptionally strong for some years now. And for Capital One if you peel away the effects of growth math that's still very much the case. And when we look at our back book for example credit is strikingly stable with some pockets have even continuing improvement. And this very strong credit environment has been the result of for ourselves and the industry highly -- highly seasoned back book is made up largely of customers who weathered the great recession, a more disciplined consumer who is less likely to be over stretched or over indebted and a economy that has slow though it has been sort of on a long sustained kind of recovery here. But from where we sit today, my biggest worry and it kind of gets to your question is the potential impact of growing a competition and actually the growth itself that we see of credit around us. We’ve seen a growth of revolving debt creep up to about 6% recently. That’s pretty high relative to the low and sometimes negative levels since the recession. And both consumers and creditors have been very cautious. Beyond card growth, we’ve seen growth in other non-mortgage debt. We’ve seen it institute [ph] in lending, auto lending and installment lending and we are watching that closely as well and installment lending which I think the banks have gradually returned to has been the primary asset class for the alternative lenders and you may remember we had an installment lending book that into the great recession was probably our worst performing portfolio. So we -- my point is primarily a installment lending point but the broader point is all of this -- the math of the amount of growth that we see in the credit market place is not lost on us. Now it is in the context of a particularly on the card side growth being flattish for a long period of time so we are not overly alarmed by just a surge of growth but we’ll certainly have to keep an eye on this. And we know that in the end the growth, the things that we see in the market place with respect to growth not only affect our growth opportunity they can affect credit with the selection quality of new originations and can impact existing customers who take on more debt from other players. So, all of that is stuff that we look at, at this point Don we have not seen these effects in our performance. We’ve reaffirmed our guidance but it’s just a reminder why we focus so much on resilience. We don't set growth targets in company. We focus on capturing highly resilient opportunities when we have them and in the end always that we're in the risk management business, but right now net-net we still feel very good about our opportunity here and we feel very good about the credit outlook.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill.
Ken Bruce: Thanks. Good evening. I would like to piggyback off of the questions around credit. I guess you've talked about the general performance. Can you address the subprime portfolio, subprime credit card portfolio that's obvious grown a whole lot. And then just interested if it's in performing in line with your original expectations and if you could dimensionalize how you expect the economics of that portfolio to perform over the next year, 1.5 years? Thank you.
Steve Crawford: Ken, it is performing consistent with our expectations, and we've been that business for a long period of time and what we see is consistent with what we've learned over the year about that business and we like its profitable business. We like its resilience and we're continuing to grow in that of one of many segments that we're growing in at the moment.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Wassterstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wassterstrom: Thanks very much. Maybe just a follow-up on that last point. Could you give us a sense of -- in the new accounts that are being booked, how they compare from a FICO stratification standpoint, or some other underwriting metric to the historical growth?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. We're growing in segments in which we have a lot of history and a strong track record even through the great recession. We're in our branded card business. It’s probably not exaggeration to say when we look at the major places we're investing, we're growing in all of them with the exception of one – we are growing in all of those and there is one place we're not growing, we're actively working to continue to dial that down and to shrink it and that's the high balance revolvers. The combination of these factors has driven our portfolio mix of 650 and below assets, a little higher over the past year. Generally though our portfolio mix has been about one-third plus or minus, I think recently it’s been a little bit more on plus side.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Arren Cyganovich with D.A. Davidson.
Arren Cyganovich: Thanks. Excuse me, there is -- one of your competitors in the online banking business had acquired a brokerage and wealth management company. I was wondering what you see as the opportunities? I know you have some of that business that you've built organically. And are you pursuing that strategy? Is there an opportunity to grow that or acquire other businesses related?
Steve Crawford: We're not – we're certainly in that business. We're not a big player in brokerage and wealth management space. I think that it is not – it’s an area on an organic basis we continue to work to growth opportunities. We're kind of a small player. I don't think that the big wirehouses are shaking in their boots about Capital One. But especially for our existing customers we've got some really nice, very refreshing high value products for our customers, but it still off of a very small base at this point.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matt Burnell: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Rich, I wanted to follow up on a couple of earlier questions in terms of you've mentioned for several quarters the opportunity, particularly for growth, particularly in cards. I am curious what you see as a potential yellow flag or warning signal that might signal to you that maybe that growth opportunity is coming to an end? Is it economic factors or is it some of the competitive factors that you mentioned earlier?
Richard Fairbank: So, I think – look, the economy is always a wildcard there, but I don't think that is where that – as our growth I think is going to be more driven unless there's a dramatic kind of change in the economy. I think it’s going to be much more driven by the competitive environment and the related impacts of that competitive environment on the credit environment. And we just learned long ago one of the things that makes this business what it is in terms of the opportunity to make money and get growth opportunities, but on the same its always something that we have to remind ourselves is the relationship between competitive practices that both how intensive the marketing is, the underwriting practices, the pricing and those things, how much they impact not only growth but ultimately make their way into the credit side of the business as well. And this is one business where our own customers and a lot of credit business this customers have a lending product from one bank. In this case people can have credit cards with a lot of players and then of course they hold the lending products from others as well. So as I have said and I still actually would describe the credit card market place this way, on a cross calibration with the rest of the industries that we are in, I think this is the most rational of the market places. But certainly the thing that we are watching the most is the level of supply out there and I think the underwriting competition has been very rational which is a good thing, but we will continue to watch that competition and then look for impacts that can come with that, that would signal to us that it would be appropriate to slow down or whatever. But again, you always know us, we are always in the go out and look out and [Indiscernible] at things to worry about, but I think that we continue to like the opportunity in the current space.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Hey good afternoon, thanks for squeezing me in, me in here. Was just curious to follow up on the last question, as we look at the disclosures in your 10-Q we see that your subprime credit card balances have been growing in the high teens or even 20% in the fourth quarter. In terms of the competitive landscape are you really facing much competition or do you have a lot of running room compared to what other issuers are doing?
Richard Fairbank: So one of the things that has been striking to us is the amount of -- there’s a lot of consumer credit is in that space. There is a number of major competitors are actually growing in that space and also what impacts that business a lot is the what spills downstream from the prime business as consumers migrate. And so, when you -- and you can look at the overall disclosures on how much the various banks have of 660 and below. And you can see that there is a pretty sizeable amount of business that each of the players have. I think they have different strategies with respect to them. Capital One’s case we explicitly actually target certain pockets within that business, other players it’s more of a byproduct of more generalized marketing that they do and some of the retail bank players I think they are going to this space with your own customers that they know well. So I think that it’s a more competitive space then I think sometimes urban legend will have it, but that Capital One I think just has a more unique approach to the business and one of the striking things I’ll mention again about the card business is the major card players have staked out unique strategies for how they play in this business and relative to most businesses that we are in I am struck by the differences in those strategies and frankly look around and see a lot of successful players doing smart things given where they are and the bone structure of assets that they have and it leads to the simultaneous success I think of a number of players.
Richard Fairbank: Well thank you everyone for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. As I mentioned before the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks again. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and CEO Steve Crawford - CFO
Analysts: Bill Carcache - Nomura Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette and Woods David Ho - Deutsche Bank Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities Don Fandetti - Citi Chris Brendler - Stifel Rich Shane - J.P. Morgan Bob Napoli - William Blair Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Matthew Howlett - UBS
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded.  Thank you. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Justin, and welcome everyone to Capital One's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2015 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on these factors, please see the section entitled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factors section in our annual and quarterly reports which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Steve Crawford: Thanks Jeff, I’ll begin tonight with slide 3. Capital One earned $920 million or $1.58 per share in the fourth quarter. Net of adjusting items, we earned $1.67 per share. Pre-provision earnings were down from the third quarter as higher revenues were more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses, driven by seasonal and growth-related costs. Provision for credit losses increased as we recognized higher charge-offs and a larger allowance build. On December 1, we closed on the acquisition of the GE Healthcare business, including $8.3 billion of loans and $500 million of goodwill. In addition to one month of operating earnings, there were two adjusting items related to the close of the deal. We had a $49 million allowance build related to pass rated loans and $20 million of deal related costs. As a reminder, for the acquired GE loans, we are required to account for term loans with credit deterioration under SOP 03-3, and current and revolving loans under our traditional loan accounting processes. Of the acquired loans, $835 million are accounted for as 03-3 loans. Turning to full year results, 2015 pre-provision earnings of $10.4 billion were up 3% year-over-year as higher revenue was partially offset by higher non-interest expense. Net income for 2015 was down 11% as higher pre-provision earnings were more than offset by additional provision from credit losses. Full-year efficiency ratio was 54.3%, excluding adjusting items. As you can see on slide 4, reported net interest margin increased 6 basis points in the fourth quarter to 6.79%, in line with the prior-year increase. Turning to slide 5, as of the end of 2015, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 11.1%, which reflects current phase-ins. On a standard fully phased-in basis, it was 10.7%. We reduced our net share count by 7.6 million shares in the quarter. We expect to complete our previously announced buyback program in the second quarter of 2016. [Technical Difficulty] $91 million over the prior year. Assuming no new issuance, we would expect to pay out approximately $205 million in preferred dividends in 2016. Specific quarterly payout schedules can be found in our regulatory filings. With that, let me turn it over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Steve, I’ll begin on slide 7 with our domestic card business. Strong growth continued in the quarter. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, ending loans and average loans were both up 13% and purchase volume was up about 18%. We continued to like the earnings profile and the resilience of the business we’re booking. Fourth-quarter revenue increased 11% from the prior-year quarter, slightly lagging average loan growth as revenue margin declined modestly. Revenue margin for the full year was 16.9%. As a reminder, we’re on track to fully exit our back book of payment protection products in the first quarter. Payment protection revenue contributed about 25 basis points to full-year 2015 revenue margin, and we expect this contribution to go to zero by the second quarter of 2016. Fourth-quarter non-interest expenses increased 7% compared to the prior-year quarter, with higher marketing and growth-related operating expenses as well as continuing digital investments. Credit continues to perform in line with our expectation in both our existing portfolio and our new originations. As we've discussed for several quarters, two factors are driving our current credit trends and expectations. The first is growth math, which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio. The second is seasonality. All else equal, seasonality results in an increasing charge-off rate in the fourth quarter rising to peak charge-off rate in the first quarter. As we’ve said for the last three quarters, we expected growth math and seasonality would drive charge-off rate to the mid-to-high 3s in the fourth quarter. The fourth-quarter charge-off rate came in at 3.75%, in the middle of an expected range. We expect the upward pressure from growth math will continue through 2016 and begin to moderate in 2017. We still expect the full-year 2016 charge-off rate to be around 4% with quarterly seasonal variability. We don't normally discuss our charge-off outlook two years in advance. But given the sustained rapid growth rate, we want to give investors a sense of the growth math impact in 2017. I want to note that our 2017 charge-off outlook is our best estimate today for things that are fairly far in the future, particularly given recent volatility in financial markets. All that said, based on what we see today and assuming relative stability in consumer behavior, the domestic economy, and competitive conditions, we expect full-year 2017 charge-off rate in the low 4s with quarterly seasonal variability. Loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates drove an allowance build in the quarter. And we expect allowance additions going forward, primarily driven by growth. Slide 8 summarizes third-quarter results for our consumer banking business. Ending loans were down about $1 billion compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was offset by expected mortgage run-off. Consumer banking revenue for the fourth quarter was down 2% from the fourth quarter of last year. Higher revenue from growth in auto loans was offset by margin compression in auto and declining mortgage balances. Fourth-quarter non-interest expense was up 1% from the prior-year quarter, driven by infrastructure and technology expenses in retail banking and growth in auto loan. Provision for credit losses was up from the linked quarter, primarily as a result of auto seasonality. Fourth-quarter auto originations declined about 8% compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. For the full year, auto originations were up 1% to $21.2 billion. Prime originations continued to grow. Sub-prime originations have been essentially flat for several quarters before declining in the fourth quarter. We’ve discussed the effects of increased competition on pricing and underwriting, particularly in sub-prime. We will continue to pursue opportunities in auto lending that are consistent with our long-standing focus on resilience, including adding new relationships with well-qualified dealers and gaining greater share of prime originations with existing dealers. Our consumer banking businesses faced headwinds in 2016. Planned mortgage run-off continues and auto margins are compressing from exceptional levels due to the mix shift toward prime and competitive pressure.  We expect these trends will negatively affect revenues and efficiency ratio in 2016 even as we continue to manage costs tightly. Moving to slide 9, I’ll discuss our commercial banking business. Ending loan balances increased 24% year-over-year, including the acquisition of GE Healthcare Finance business. Fourth-quarter ending loan balances also include about $900 million from a short-term agency warehousing transaction that is already paid down, which also will affect loan growth optics when we report first-quarter results. Excluding the GE loans and the agency warehousing transactions, loans grew about 6% year-over-year. As we’ve been signaling, our organic growth has slowed compared to prior years because of choices we’re making in response to market condition. While increasing competition is pressuring loan terms and pricing in both CRE and CNI, we continue to see good growth opportunities in select specialty industry verticals. Full-year revenue increased 7%. Revenue growth was below average loan growth driven by continuing spread compression. Credit performance remain strong for the majority of our commercial businesses but credit pressures continue in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolios. While the charge-off rate for the quarter remained very low at 3 basis points, provision for credit losses increased $86 million from the prior-year quarter to $118 million, driven by allowance build. We build allowance over the last five quarters in anticipation of increasing risk in oil and gas and taxi medallion loans and the addition of the GE Healthcare loads drove a $49 million allowance addition in the fourth quarter. Compared to the linked quarter, criticized performing loans were up $290 million to $2 billion and non-performing loans were up $97 million to $550 million driven by downgrades of oil and gas loans. The credit quality of the GE Healthcare portfolio is in line with our expectation. The GE Healthcare loans we acquired run at a higher criticized rate than our legacy commercial business but that affect doesn't show up in the fourth quarter criticized loan metrics because of purchase accounting. We've provided visibility into that impact by disclosing the managed criticized rate which excludes the purchase accounting impact. In the fourth quarter, the managed criticized rate was 5.4%, 130 basis points higher than the reported criticized rate of 4.1%. As we book new healthcare loans and the marked loans paydown, this will create upward pressure on our reported criticized loan metrics over time all else equal. We like the GE Healthcare business and we’re thrilled to welcome the new team to Capital One. We remain highly focused on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. Of our approximately $3.1 billion portfolio of oil and gas loans, around half is in exploration and production, and around a third is in oilfield services. We expect that energy loans will continue to present challenges and we've been building reserves to reflect the concern. At year-end, approximately $190 million of our $604 million in total commercial allowance for loan losses was specifically allocated to our oil and gas portfolio. This is about 6.1% of total energy loans. Given that oil prices have fallen since quarter end, unless they rebound, it is likely that energy loans will drive increasing criticized and non-performing loans for the reserve build and possibly increasing charge-offs in 2016. I'll close tonight with some thoughts on Capital One’s full year 2015 results and our outlook for 2016. Two factors shaped our 2015 results; growth and investments. Growth in Domestic Card loan balances and purchase volumes led the industry driving strong year-over-year growth in revenue, as well as increases in operating expense, marketing and allowance for loan losses. The costs of growth are frontloaded, but in our experience of more than two decades, revenue growth surpasses frontloaded costs over time and growth pays off on the bottom line. Provision for credit losses increased in 2015. Most of the increase came from higher allowance for loan losses, primarily driven by domestic card loan growth and the expectation of higher domestic card charge-off rates because of growth math. Full year efficiency ratio was 54.3% net of adjustments, better than our estimated range of around 55%. Three factors drove the favorability. Revenues for the quarter were strong. We benefited from a handful of miscellaneous fourth quarter expense items coming in favorable to expectations and we are getting traction on efficiency efforts across the company. Even from the lower 2015 starting point of 54.3%, we still expect some improvement in our full year 2016 efficiency ratio with continuing improvement in 2017, excluding adjusting items. We are managing costs tightly across our businesses. We expect our card growth will create positive operating leverage over time. And while not solely motivated by cost savings, our digital investments are already delivering tangible savings and productivity gains in servicing core infrastructure and our legacy operations and we expect these benefits to grow over time. Pulling up our 2015 results and the choices that drove them have put us in a strong position to deliver attractive shareholder returns, driven by growth and sustainable returns at the higher end of banks as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. Now Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache: Thank you. Good evening. Rich, can you talk a little bit more about the slowdown in auto loan originations and maybe if you could add a little bit more color on how that ties in with your outlook across the credit spectrum?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, Bill, there's nothing really dramatic. There is really - the auto story is the same story we've been saying for quite some time. So for at least a year now, we have been flagging that in the subprime marketplace we see practices that are inconsistent with where we want to go from an underwriting point of view and we raised the flag about that in our calls, and we have said and continue to say today that within the context of maintaining, doing credit the way we want to do it, we are going to still go for as much origination as we can do in the subprime auto space. And the kind of net effect of this going on for a number of quarters, as we have signaled, it just - this is the first quarter that actually subprime originations are down, but it's again the same marketplace, but I think this is the effect that we have been signaling for some time. And so this is in – what I want to stress is, we still very much like the business. We do it on our own terms, and we have a great history and a real - and I think great opportunities to create value in this space. But we, as always, number one, put credit and our underwriting choices number one and the net effect of that at the moment is some reduced opportunity in the subprime space relative to what would otherwise be there. In the prime space, the opportunity continues. There are some competitive end marketplace issues on a smaller scale going on there, but we still really like the auto business. I think this is a continuing manifestation of coming off what I've kind called the sort of once in a lifetime unique set of opportunities and confluence of marketplace conditions that existed in the wake of the recession. And so, over time we are going to see a more normalized auto business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great. Thanks. Maybe to kind of turn to the card business, let’s talk a little bit about how you see the competitive environment now, and one of your competitors did announce a secured card program this week, so kind of infringing on that perhaps lower demographic segment and just maybe talk about the lay of the land as you see it from the card business.
Richard Fairbank : So, Moshe, the card industry continues to be very competitive, but fairly rational industry. Marketing levels are high, but stable. Pricing, teaser lengths, APRs, things like that generally stable, and certainly in the places we play, we feel the pricing is resilient. Rewards are very competitive. There have been some increases in early spend bonuses, but overall it’s pretty stable. And with respect to the subprime marketplace, there have been a lot of folks who have issued secured cards over time, and I think now there is another player in that space. I think so we'll continue to monitor the competitive environment there, but we continue to pursue the same strategy pretty much we've been doing for many, many years. An area also, when you talk about competition, we tend to - I tend to focus the conversation just on our own direct competitors. Of course a very relevant thing in the competitive environment is interchange as well, and so we also - as we’ve talked about, want to keep an eye on interchange risk. A few of the larger merchants have negotiated lower interchange that will have an effect that we keep an eye on and also we are watching the evolving digital marketplace for payment alternatives and any impact there on interchange or disintermediation or tolls or anything that happens along those lines. So that's another dimension we should probably always add to our conversation about competition. Finally, in partnerships, that’s the place that I have most pointed to as the intensity of the auction-based marketplace there at times, and in fact very often recently has led to market clearing prices that have been pretty breathtaking. And as a result, we have not had as much growth as we might otherwise have had in that particular space. The other thing about the card industry, I think worth pointing out is what’s happening with just sort of industry growth. So, industry-revolving debt for most of 2012 and 2013, it held steady at about 1% year-over-year growth and then it maintained sort of little over a 3% growth since July of 2014, and in recent months, it has been over 4%. So that’s certainly getting a little bit more octane there. And bank card outstandings are up 4.6% year-over-year. I think overall, if I pull way up about the credit card marketplace, I think it's a generally rational marketplace. I think we see opportunity for growth and very attractive returns. We monitor the marketplace obsessively and when we see windows of opportunity, which we do at the moment, we certainly go very hard to seize those opportunities.
Moshe Orenbuch: Just given it’s about a year, any update you can give us on your success in Canada?
Richard Fairbank : So are you referring generally to our Canadian business, Moshe?
Moshe Orenbuch: Costco Canada.
Richard Fairbank : You are talking about Costco Canada? In September 2014 we launched a partnership with Costco and that deal did not come with a portfolio acquisition, so it was sort of at the margin origination business. That business has had nice traction in terms of our growth. It is not a big needle mover for Capital One overall, but it’s certainly something that has had a fair amount of growth to it.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Certainly. Next comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck: Hi, couple of questions. One was on just your comments around credit and I know you gave the outlook for 2017 in the low 4s. I think the guidance had been for around 4 for 2016. So I am just wondering, are you seeing a slower rate increase in 2016. Does the pace of what you are expecting as we move through ‘16 and ‘17 change at all versus prior commentary?
Richard Fairbank: Betsy, explain the last part of your question one more time about – what did you say about ’16.
Betsy Graseck: I think that you had given guidance in the past around losses in ‘16. I'm just wondering if your guidance around that had changed at all.
Steve Crawford: Not at all, Betsy. Guidance in ‘16 exactly the same. So all we are doing is adding ‘17 with some caution. That’s a lot further in the future. And, again, there it’s all about growth math. 
Betsy Graseck: Okay, all right. No, that's helpful and then just the follow-up is on your commentary around energy and if prices stay where they are today, you could see some criticizing classified increase as a result of reserve build. Could you give us a sense of the sensitivities there if you have any that you could share if prices stay flat where they are, what kind of reserve build we could see if prices go to 25, what kind of reserve build, anything you are willing to share there is helpful.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Betsy. We’ve built reserves since the fourth quarter of 2014 and at year-end, as we said earlier, approximately $190 million of our $600 million allowance for loan losses in commercial is specifically allocated to the oil and gas portfolio. When we set our allowance each quarter we assume a material degradation in future prices relative to the forward curve. That said, oil spot - basically spot and forward prices have declined about 20% since the end of the quarter. And if they stay at that level, we estimate we will have to build about $50 million in additional allowance all other things being equal through the end of the quarter.
Steve Crawford: Betsy, we are trying to give that to be helpful. And I know you’ve heard that in a lot of other places, but part of the reticence of estimates like this is you've got the price impact alone, but then you’ve got idiosyncratic things that can happen in particular credits that can be just as important. So what we are just talking about is really just a mathematical calculation of what would happen if the prices were closer to where they were currently.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And that question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with Keefe, Bruyette and Woods.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. I guess, my first question is just how we should think about revenue growth into 2016 and 2017. Should we assume it tracks kind of loan growth and maybe you could just discuss kind of how the funding of that growth might play into that? And then secondly I was wondering if you could help me with just how we should think about the profitability of the GE portfolio that you acquired. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank : Yeah. So I think you're right. The best way to think about revenues is that the primary factor there is going to be loan growth. The things that we have been observing about margin, net interest margin haven't really changed. You’ve got probably a mix benefit on the card side, a mix benefit from the lower mortgage loans. You’ve got a little bit of a negative against that in terms of the auto loans and then the big uncertainty factor is what happens to rates. And your second question was on? 
Sanjay Sakhrani: GE. Profitability of that portfolio.
Richard Fairbank: I mean, we are really happy about the GE portfolio, but at less than 3% of interest earning assets, it's definitely accretive to our commercial business and to the company, but not really material overall.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And next question comes from David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho: Hi, good evening guys. Just had a question on gas prices and if those continue to stay at these levels, at what point do your loss expectations start to tick down as you think about your outlook, comments for 2016 and 2017?
Richard Fairbank: So you're talking about its impact on the consumer side?
David Ho: Correct.
Richard Fairbank: So David, I guess there is really two sides to this. The first is the potential of sustained low energy prices to cause economic stress in geographies that are heavily dependent on that industry. And keep in mind on that that our consumer lending businesses are mostly national businesses, so we don't really have any outsized concentrations in those geographies. We have about 5% of our card portfolios in parts of the country with high energy employment concentration. That said, when we look at these geographies, places like Houston, parts of North Dakota, Alberta Province and Canada, we do see slight upticks in card delinquencies. And where appropriate, we've taken steps to surgically tighten our underwriting in these geographies, although we want to be careful not to over-react to these very modest effects. But of course the flipside of falling energy prices is the direct benefit to consumers. And while the benefits are hard to disentangle from other economic effects, it's clear that falling gas prices translate into the equivalent of a pretty sizable wage increase for most households. So it's tough to gauge the net effect of these two factors. If I – my hunch is that it's a net positive on consumer credit.
Steve Crawford: I think the thing that's been surprising today, is it hasn't shown up in consumer spending to the way that people would have expected. But obviously where it's going instead is to paying off debt, and given that we are in the credit business, that's not a bad thing either.
David Ho: Thanks. And then separately, can you talk about some of the aspects of competition in the online deposit arena and any changes to your anticipated deposit beta, just given the current rate environment and some of what your competitors may be doing?
Steve Crawford: I don't know that we talk much about changes in deposit data. I mean, we've often observed and when asked about it that the direct business does have higher beta than some of the more traditional forms of gathering deposits. But I think what you as investors are most interested in kind of the total cost of those liabilities, and it's not just about beta, it's also about mix. And one of the most profound things that's happened on the liability side is the shift in mix, with much of it going in the non-interest bearing. You haven't seen nearly as much of that at Capital One. So we would in general expect to have higher betas than the peers just as a result of the higher contribution of our direct and online business. But I think the mix is kind of something on the other side. I don't think you'll ever see us venture out too far. There have been so many fundamental changes in the marketplace, regulatory, technology changes that I'm not sure of past is going to be prologue, but we like our funding position and the fact that it's diversified across traditional and direct channels.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: And that question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much. Just two questions. One is, I may have missed this, Rich, but could you just clarify what aided the interchange revenues in the quarter. And then my broader question is, as I think about all of the guidance, I just want to make sure I'm understanding everything correctly. It sounds as if the – there's clearly going to be PPNR growth, given the very spectacular asset growth that's occurring. But how should we think about the net income line on a year-over-year basis?
Steve Crawford: So on the net income side, like I think we've told you that on the top line, it's primarily going to be a function of loans. Rich is giving you a directional guide on where we expect to go from an efficiency standpoint. Actually, I know you listened to our call, so now with two years of charge-offs, you can actually get a pretty reasonable view on not only what net charge-offs might be, but also what the allowance needs might be in the coming year. Obviously, there is a little bit of a new factor in commercial with respect to losses that make that less a function of card losses. And then the last piece is, we've had an increase in preferred dividends. So we've given you some of the important building blocks there, which I think are due to fill in.
Richard Fairbank: Eric, on the interchange number, fourth quarter net interchange grew 18% from a year ago and a 11% a linked-quarter basis, which happens to be pretty much in line with our purchase volume growth of 19% from a year ago and 8% from last quarter. I would not get overly focused on any one quarter. I mean, when our interchange growth number was very low, I said this, when it's at this level, I say it again, there is a lot of factors that affect that quarterly number. If you look at full year 2015 compared to 2014, our net interchange grew 11% compared to purchase volume growth of 21%. Removing the quarterly noise, net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth and we expect this trend will continue.  Our rewards programs have been and continue to be very successful with strong growth of our flagship products. We're also building a long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers and consistent with the industry extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards. And as you can imagine, there is -- that entail some near-term cannibalization. But it's all part of building a stronger, deeper customer franchise and we're committed to doing that. And also as I mentioned earlier, with a few merchants out there driving interchange through their individualized negotiations and things like that, that's also another factor that we have to keep an eye on. So I wouldn’t get carried away with any one quarter, but we’re much very much like the growth we're having in our spender business and it’s part of the long-term franchise strategy.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Certainly that question comes from Don Fandetti with Citi. 
Don Fandetti: So Rich, you had sort of talked a little bit about loan growth in cards and wanted to just get your sense. Would you be surprised to see sort of an industry pickup? And where do you see better sort of relative demand for credit? Is it on the subprime, prime side, or is it sort of across the board?
Richard Fairbank: You know, I -- my intuition is it is this effect of revolving credit picking up is an across-the-board thing. And by the way, when you look at revolving credit numbers when card purchase volume numbers pickup that also goes into that number. So I think that after several years of frankly really being in the doldrums, the card industry across the board is getting a little bit more octane.
Steve Crawford: That’s obviously the industry overall, our growth rates were pretty strong.
Richard Fairbank: I think, you were talking about an industry point, Don. 
Don Fandetti: Yes, just generally across the board, clearly you guys have been above the group. So okay, thanks. 
Jeff Norris: Next question please. 
Operator: And that question will come from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran: Good evening. I guess, for investors, recession has become part of the conversation. It's probably not the base case for many, but it's a risk. People are worried about, where six months ago, it was viewed as a zero chance. Clearly tonight, your base case, you've given us very clear charge-off guidance and commentary on growth math. But you've got endless data you can look at, is there anything you're seeing in the data that would make you at all nervous about 2016 being the year the US dips into a recession, or is it kind of all-clear from the consumer perspective based on what you're seeing?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I don't want to get too far on either sides of your little continuum that you portray there. But let me say this about the health of the consumer. First of all, there has obviously been turmoil in the markets recently, including concerns about the global economy, especially China and closer to home concerns about the potentially disruptive consequences of falling oil prices. Having said that, most indicators of the "real economy" at least in the US continue to look pretty strong. We've seen sustained improvement in labor markets in recent months and steady home price growth. Consumer confidence remained solid. And as we talked about earlier, falling energy prices, while they will stress certain sectors and certain geographies, they will also directly benefit consumers. And if anything, I feel, it would probably be a net positive for the overall health of the consumer.  Of course, our most reliable view, Brian of consumers comes from our own portfolio from direct indicators of consumer behavior like payment rates and purchase volume, and from leading edge credit indicators like delinquency flow rates. These indicators all look consistent with our views of seasonality and growth math, and they are not giving us cause for concern. Obviously, the economy is something of a wildcard, and as the turmoil we're seeing in financial markets spills over into the real economy, we would expect that to show up in our credit metrics eventually. But we're not seeing any indications of that now.
Brian Foran: I appreciate that. I guess, a smaller follow-up, the revenue suppression or the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees, it's been a while since we've had to think about that. Can you just remind us, is the best thing just to grow it proportionally with the charge-off guidance or is there – does it behave differently somehow as growth math get profits [ph].
Steve Crawford: Your instinct is pretty good. I mean, there are some other factors if you went back in the history, you would see, it kind of depends a little bit on where you are on the cycle. But the biggest driver of it is going to be credit. There is a little bit more seasonality to it, because it's a six to seven-month calculation as opposed to charge-offs, which are 12 months. So there is a little bit of seasonality into it. But with most of our figures, we try and point people to annual numbers and it should follow more of what's going on in the credit front.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And this question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris Brendler: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Just want to ask a follow-up question on the US card business. The interchange growth, coming back this quarter, the strong purchase volume growth. Typically you've seen your marketing campaigns have a limited shelf life, but it seems like Quicksilver and the cash back rewards are still extending your lead in the US card business. Have you seen any degradation of the effectiveness of this program? And on the interchange growth discussion earlier, I just want to make sure that there is sort of a – there is that negative impact here that's causing the disconnect between purchase volume and interchange growth that may have been smaller this quarter, or is there actually something that's going to add to interchange income in any given quarter like this one? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: So Chris, the purchase volume growth is really coming from success and traction that we're having across our business, not coming from any one product, any one part of the business, it's coming from success of our rewards program, coming from new account origination, and it's coming from credit line increases, and as we do credit line increases, of course, people are spending money as they use the card even more. So there is a lot of things that are lining up right now to lead to a pretty strong purchase volume growth, one of which is the success of some of our flagship programs. On the interchange question...
Steve Crawford: Yeah. The one thing -- as an example, the reason we try and point to longer-term trends is the rewards liability can kind of obscure the underlying trends on any particular quarter, which is why you’re better off looking at it on a longer basis. Next question please.
Operator: And that question will come from Rich Shane with J.P. Morgan.
Rich Shane: Guys, thanks for taking my questions this afternoon. First, I’d like to talk a little bit about what's going on with rewards and perhaps how this plays out. When we think about the intensity of the rewards space right now, it almost feels like issuers are giving away transactions. It may be not a loss leader, but it’s certainly much more than breakeven. And that works really well in an environment where lending is so profitable, because credit expenses are so low. Would we expect that as credit begins to normalize, do you think that we'll start to see some of this competition abate?
Richard Fairbank: Well, that's a -- Rich, I don't know how to speculate about that particular thing. I think, I feel like the rewards business, look, you're absolutely right that the rewards business is intensely competitive. And one thing I've said about the rewards business, it's really hard to be a casual player in the business, really ramping it up this quarter, putting it on TV this quarter, pulling back the next quarter, this is about very sustained investment, building a brand and being willing to what it -- to do what it takes on the timing of cost versus payback and things that make it difficult for companies to sustain their investment in this particular space.  As you know, we've invested for years and I think we’re in a good position there to get a bunch of traction and enjoy the financial benefits of that. It is also the case and you are correct that the rewards business has now extended farther across the credit spectrum deeper into the revolver business in a number of things and a higher proportion of Americans are ending up with rewards cards, including a bunch who are regular old revolvers.  Now, on the face of it, it’s not that big a deal economically in the sense if someone is a revolver, they -- once they start revolving on the card, the reward economics aren’t that relevant any more. So your thesis is an interesting one. My own belief is this will continue to be as far out as we can see, pretty intensely competitive business.  I do not describe it as a business, where you just give everything away and make your money on the rest of the business. We work very hard to have our -- spend our business be an economically strong business in its own right, but this is certainly intensely competitive and I think some players will invest heavily to compete there and others will be a little bit more, not as intensely investing in that space.
Rich Shane: Hey, Rich. Thank you. An appreciation of you taking such a theoretical question and spending so much time on it. I'll pass on my second question. Thank you guys.
Steve Crawford: Next question please.
Operator: Certainly. That question will come from Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Bob Napoli: Thank you, good afternoon. I know you talked about returns and growth at the higher end of the bank range, but I guess maybe if you look at the return to generating today that Capital One is generating, you’re generating return on GAAP equity in high single digits, return on tangible equity in the low teens, is that -- so that's, are you comfortable with those levels, or do you think you’re under earning what you should be? Just some thoughts around the returns you’re generating today versus what you would target longer term?
Steve Crawford: Yeah. So, look, I think most of the industry has kind of looked at on a return on tangible equity and there were, I think a little over closer to 13% this quarter. And what we have said, what Rich has consistently said was that he believes we should be at the higher end of banks with respect to growth and returns. We haven't seen the final league tables. My guess is this year, we’ll probably not be at the higher end. That’s not a commitment we make every year. Obviously, you’ve heard an enormous amount of our discussion over the past two years about this being a window of opportunity for us to grow and that that growth in both the card business and digital is obviously something that costs money. Rich, I don’t know if you want…
Richard Fairbank: Well, our investors and how they get paid overtime is an incredibly central and important question always. Since our founding days, we've been very focused on building a company that can generate superior sustainable financial performance. And to do this, we need three things. Core earnings power that has the octane to deliver attractive current returns and fund investment in the future. There are a bunch of businesses in banking that, in our opinion, don't sort of have enough earnings power to do that. That's one reason we've tried to focus on the places that do. Secondly, we need a strategic positioning in the marketplace that allows us to capitalize on opportunities. And third, we need the credit discipline to be able to respond to the windows that open and close in the marketplace. And we focus on these three things throughout our two decades as a public company. Right now is a critical time in the marketplace. We are generating above hurdle returns, but are also investing to capitalize on two very significant opportunities.  The card growth window, which is itself the reward of years of investment and a sweeping digital transformation of our industry. Both investments are going incredibly well at Capital One. And we expect the benefits will increasingly show over time in our financial performance through growth, operating leverage, bottom-line return and capital return.
Bob Napoli: Next question please.
Operator: And we have a question from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Thanks for taking my question. Rich, a question for you, given what's happened in the market over the last three weeks or so, I'm curious how you’re thinking about buybacks in the first quarter and the second quarter, given that your shares are now closer to tangible book value than they’ve been at some point. I noticed that your buybacks in the fourth quarter were pretty consistent with the prior couple of quarters, should we assume that that buyback pace remains or is there any way that you can potentially accelerate that in the first part of 2016?
Steve Crawford: Look, we're not going to speculate too much about what's going to happen going forward. I do think it's worthwhile pointing out, remember that we have a CCAR plan that's been approved through the second quarter of 2016. So, there is not really a tremendous amount of flexibility outside of what's already been approved, some, but not a lot.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks, Steve. And then just one follow-up if I can, there is slightly above average growth in your commercial real estate multi-family portfolio, I realize it's not a huge portfolio for you, but a number of other banks had suggested that that's an area where they are getting a little bit more cautious market by market, I'm curious what drove that and if there was any part of that portfolio that was increased by the GE purchase?
Steve Crawford: Multi family.
Matt Burnell: Yes.
Steve Crawford: I don't think there is anything, Rich, I'm not aware of anything in particular to point out in multi-family and I don't think there was any additions from GE.
Matt Burnell: Okay. Thanks very much.
Steve Crawford: Next question please.
Operator: And our last question tonight will come from Matthew Howlett with UBS.
Matthew Howlett: Thanks for taking my question. Just to clarify on the efficiency ratio guidance, the guidance is still for a modest improvement in ‘16 over ‘15, with that really being driven by the back end of 16, could you just sort of comment on the headcount reduction and is that sort of part of the improvement?
Richard Fairbank: So, we don't give guidance with respect to the timing. Our guidance, our full year number is -- headcount, some of the recent announcements you've seen on headcount impacts at Capital One are of course part of the continuing dynamic management of this company as we continue to adapt in the marketplace and continue to obsessively drive toward superior and sustainable returns and positioning this company to win in a rapidly changing environment.
Steve Crawford: I just want to add, the specific word on efficiency was we expect some improvement in ‘16 and more in ‘17, just to go back to the actual language.
Matthew Howlett: Got you. Thanks for that. And then, Rich, just moving to last question on the charge-off guidance that you're sort of looking out into ‘17, is that sort of the new normal of a low 4%, is that what we could look at as being a new normal where you want to be in terms of a midpoint of a cycle and is that sort of what we're targeting long term or is that something we can look at as a long-term benchmark for where are you as card charge-offs will run?
Richard Fairbank: No. It's a great question. We discuss all the time what's the normal, I've been for 20 years wondering exactly what's the normal in the card business and there are so many factors. I'm not sure that I think it sort of eludes a full generalization. The key things that we are saying is this. Off of a base and extraordinarily low charge-off level of these highly seasoned portfolios like ours and really the competitors have a similar kind of situation. But unusual factor number one, a highly seasoned back book that has like survived the Great Recession.  On top of that, some dramatic growth numbers that in our more than 2-decade history of being a -- building a growth company, we have a lot of experience with how growth math works and that's why we very much want to get out in front of these numbers and explain all other things being equal, how growth math works.  And so that, and we've even done the unusual of going all the way out into 2017 to describe that effect, because we want our shareholders to understand the mechanics of how growth math works, other things being equal. So that's not the same thing as declaring what's a normal for the card business, but what it is doing is giving you a sense of how a dramatic surge of growth on a very seasoned base, how the math of that works and the settling effect that starts happening overtime.
Steve Crawford: Well, that concludes our call this evening. Thank you very much for joining us on the call this evening and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Have a good night.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Investor Relations Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Chris J. Spahr - CLSA Americas LLC Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Thanks very much, Lauren, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, you can log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2015 results. With me this evening are Mr. Rich Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on these factors, please see the section entitled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jeff. For the third quarter, Capital One earned $1.1 billion or a $1.98 per share, and had a return on average tangible common equity of 14.3%. On a continuing operations basis, we earned a $1.99 per share. Net income was up $251 million versus the prior quarter driven by higher linked-quarter pre-provision earnings and slightly lower provision expense. Pre-provision earnings increased by $375 million versus the prior quarter as we had higher revenue and lower non-interest expenses. As a reminder, we had $188 million of non-recurring operating expenses in the second quarter. Excluding non-recurring expenses, operating expenses were relatively flat versus the prior year. Provision for credit losses decreased 3% on a linked-quarter basis driven by a smaller allowance build. During the quarter, we added $69 million to our UK PPI reserve with $49 million as a contra-revenue and $20 million in operating expense. We have included in an appendix slide in our earnings presentation available on our website, illustrating the impacts from non-recurring items to key line items and ratios in both the quarter and year-to-date. The increase in our UK PPI reserve is driven by proposed new rules announced by the FCA in early October. As always, our 10-Q will provide further details on the factors we consider in estimating our reserve. Excluding the impact from the build in UK PPI reserve, earnings per share in the quarter were $2.10 per share. Turning to net interest margin. As outlined on slide four, reported NIM increased 17 basis points in the third quarter to 6.73%, primarily driven by higher loan yields in domestic card and an additional data day to recognize revenue in the third quarter. We continue to be above the fully phased in LCR requirements as of September 30, 2015. On slide five you can see our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.1% as of September 30, 2015. On a fully phased in basis, we estimate the Standardized ratio would be approximately 11.8%. This fully phased in ratio is subject to change once we exit parallel run and we expect it to be lower. We reduced our net share count in the quarter by 7.6 million shares, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We entered parallel run for Basel III Advanced Approaches on January 1, 2015, and we continue to estimate that we are above our 8% target. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. I'll begin on slide seven with our domestic card business. Strong growth continued in the quarter. Year-over-year, ending loans and average loans were both up 12%, and purchase volume was up about 19%. We continue to see attractive and resilient growth opportunities in the domestic card business. Revenue increased 10% year-over-year, slightly lagging average loan growth. Revenue margin declined year-over-year and remains healthy at 17%. Year-over-year, non-interest expenses increased 7% with higher marketing and growth related operating expenses, as well as continuing digital investment. Credit continues to perform in line with our expectations in both our existing portfolio and our new originations. Two factors are driving our current credit trends and expectations. The first is growth math, which is the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio. The second is seasonality. The third quarter has always been our seasonal low point. As a reminder, all else equal, seasonality results in increasing charge-off rate in the fourth quarter, rising the peak charge-off rate in the first quarter. This pattern has been particularly pronounced for the last couple of years and we expect that to continue. In the third quarter, the charge-off rate improved 34 basis points from the linked-quarter to 3.08% driven by seasonality. Year-over-year the charge-off rate increased 25 basis points, primarily as the result of expected growth math impact. We still expect the quarterly charge-off rate to be in the mid to high-3% range in the fourth quarter. And in 2016, we expect the full year charge-off rate to be around 4% with quarterly seasonal variability. Loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rate drove an allowance build in the quarter, and we expect these same factors to drive allowance additions going forward. Slide eight summarizes third quarter results for our consumer banking business. Ending loans were flat compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was offset by expected mortgage runoff. Auto loan growth is predominantly prime as subprime auto originations have been essentially flat for several quarters. As a result, the mix of our auto loans is shifting toward prime. Consumer banking revenue was up 1% year-over-year. Higher revenues from growth in auto loans was largely offset by the impacts of persistently low interest rates on the deposit business, declining mortgage balances, and margin compression in auto. Non-interest expense increased 5% year-over-year, driven by infrastructure and technology expenses in retail banking and growth in auto loans. Provision for credit losses was relatively flat compared to the prior year at a $188 million. Auto originations increased about 3% year-over-year and from the linked-quarter. We've discussed increased competition in pricing and underwriting for some time. In the third quarter, we continued to see aggressive underwriting practices by some competitors, particularly in subprime. We continue to lose some contracts to competitors who are making more aggressive underwriting choices. We've also seen some softening in used vehicle values, although they remain near historically high levels. We will continue to pursue opportunities in auto lending that are consistent with our longstanding focus on resilience, including adding new relationships with well-qualified dealers and gaining greater share of prime originations with existing dealers. Our consumer banking businesses face continuing headwinds. Persistently low interest rates will continue to pressure returns in our deposit businesses, even if rates begin to rise in 2016. Planned mortgage runoff continues and auto margins are compressing from exceptional levels due to the mix shift toward prime and continuing competitive pressure. We expect these trends will negatively affect revenues and efficiency ratio for the remainder of 2015 and in 2016. Moving to slide nine, I'll discuss our commercial banking business. Ending loan balances increased 5% year-over-year and 2% from the linked-quarter with most of the growth in specialized industry verticals in CRE and C&I. Average loan balances were up 6% year-over-year. As we've been signaling, our growth has slowed compared to prior years because of choices we're making in response to market conditions. While increasing competition is pressuring loan terms and pricing in plain vanilla CRE and C&I, we continue to see good growth opportunities in select specialty industry verticals. Revenues for the quarter were essentially flat compared to the prior year and down 5% from the linked-quarter. Continuing spread compression drove the quarterly revenue trend. Year-to-date, revenues are up 7% with 9% growth in average loans, partially offset by the 22 basis point decline in loan yields. Credit performance remained strong for the majority of our commercial businesses, but credit pressures continue in the oil and gas and taxi medallion portfolios. Provision for credit losses increased $66 million from the prior year to $75 million with higher charge-offs and allowance build. The charge-off rate of 26 basis points was up from both the prior year and the linked-quarter driven by charge-offs of taxi medallion loans. We've built allowance over the last four quarters in anticipation of increasing risk in oil and gas and taxi medallion loans. In the third quarter, non-performing loans were up $292 million from the prior year to $453 million, and the NPL rate was up 55 basis points to 0.87%. These trends resulted from downgrades of oil and gas loans, and to a lesser extent, downgrades of taxi medallion loans. On a linked-quarter basis, NPL rate improved three basis points. We remain highly focused on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. Through Hibernia, we've been in this business for more than 50 years through multiple cycles. Of our approximately $3.2 billion portfolio of oil and gas loans, around half is in exploration and production. In this part of the business, loan structures provide some protection against the oil price cyclicality. Around a third of our energy loans are in oilfield services. We expect this part of the business will continue to present challenges and we've been building reserves to reflect that concern. Our taxi medallion loan portfolio is less than $1 billion in loans. In the face of growing competition from Uber and other entrants, taxi medallion values continue to be under pressure and we continue to closely manage risk in this sector. Finally, in the quarter, we announced the acquisition of the GE Healthcare Finance business, which will add approximately $8.5 billion in loans to our existing healthcare specialty business. We're thrilled to welcome GE Healthcare's outstanding leadership and talented associates to Capital One. The acquisition catapults us to a leading position in an industry with strong growth potential. We expect to complete the acquisition by the end of the fourth quarter. Capital One posted solid results in the third quarter, highlighted once again by strong growth in our domestic card business. We're delivering attractive risk adjusted returns today and investing to grow and sustain returns in the future. We continue to expect full year 2015 efficiency ratio will be around 55%, excluding non-recurring items. Our expectation for full year efficiency ratio implies a significant increase in fourth quarter non-interest expense and fourth quarter efficiency ratio. Both efficiency ratio and NIE are subject to potentially significant quarter-to-quarter variability. Both typically increase in the fourth quarter, and growth related operating and marketing costs will likely accentuate the fourth quarter increase this year. Given these three factors, we're still estimating full year efficiency ratio will be around 55% even though the third quarter efficiency ratio is meaningfully lower. In July, we said that we didn't expect much improvement in full year 2016 efficiency ratio compared to full year 2015. Since we gave that guidance just one quarter ago, the outlook for interest rates has reduced 2016 forecasted revenues. However, we remain optimistic about our progress and the trajectory of the underlying operating drivers of efficiency ratio. We are managing costs tightly across our business. Our card growth will create positive operating leverage. And while not solely motivated by cost savings, our digital investments are already delivering tangible savings and productivity gains in servicing, core infrastructure, and our legacy operations. We expect that these savings will grow and will help operating leverage over time. As we move three months closer to 2016, we expect modest improvement in full year efficiency ratio in 2016 excluding non-recurring items. Pulling up, Capital One is well positioned to deliver attractive shareholder returns over the long-term with growth potential and sustained returns at the higher end of banks, as well as significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval. And now Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to the other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, I ask that you please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Lauren, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good afternoon.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Betsy.
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good afternoon, Betsy.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So just two questions, one a follow-up on what you just indicated that you have sufficient expectation for having some operating leverage in 2016, and that's primarily coming from the savings that the digital investments are making. So is that coming from legacy ops? You'd be able to run them a little bit more efficiently, or is that more from top-line, if you could just talk to those two things?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think it's a – there's no one place to point. If we go back to last quarter, we said we didn't expect much improvement in full year 2016 efficiency ratio, excluding non-recurring items of course, compared to full year 2015. We noted Betsy of course that we were predicting a volatile number 15 months in advance. We also said the investments that will pressure our efficiency ratio would over time contribute to positive operating leverage. And most notably, of course, those are our investment in card growth and our digital investment. We're now three months closer which helps reduce uncertainty somewhat and we have three more months of card revenue growth baking in the oven. We also continue to drive hard for cost savings and we've seen some solid tangible evidence of cost savings arising from our digital investments, and we know these savings will increase over time. And we have identified more contingent cost levers to manage some of the revenue uncertainty. And while we are of course still one and a quarter years away from the end of 2016, we have enough confidence to say that we expect modest improvement in full year efficiency ratio in 2016 excluding non-recurring items.
Elizabeth Lynn Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right got it. And then on your comments around the NCO outlook for card in 2016, is that a function of the 4% that you mentioned, average for the full year. Is that the function of what you're seeing in the portfolios today seasoning, or is that a function of how you think new portfolios are going to traject or is it a function of a potential slight slowdown in loan growth where reduction in new portfolios reduces the NCO ratios or increases the NCO ratios somewhat, maybe you could just tease that out a little bit?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Betsy, it's really, I think just a – how the growth math manifests itself in the context of having gone from a relatively low growth environment to an accelerating growth environment, and how the losses play out. Let's talk about that growth math for a bit. If you just looked at our back book, you'd see exceptionally low and still improving credit loss. And that's because the back book is made up mostly of customers who weathered the great recession, and it's also exceptionally seasoned as a result of low levels of originations over many years. So from the starting point of that back book, now almost any new business that we originate of course will have higher losses. And as a general rule of thumb, losses on new loans tend to ramp up over a couple of years, and then peak and gradually come down. So when we accelerate growth, the majority of the loss effects you're felt over the subsequent two years. And this is the dynamic we've been calling growth math and things are continuing very much consistently with our own expectations with respect to how the credit is manifesting itself on the early vintages. And so what we have done, as we get another quarter into this and another quarter closer is to give you a bit of an extended window into basically the same growth math phenomenon that that we've been talking about for several quarters.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Rich, could you talk a little bit about kind of the competitive environment in cards? I mean as we've listened to some of the other players that have reported, one of the themes that has come up is that account acquisition hasn't been as much of a challenge as rewards. Can you kind of talk about both of those factors?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Moshe, my overall comment I would say about the competitive environment is that it's fairly consistent. It's pretty intensely competitive, but overall relatively consistent, again, relative to some of the things that we see in some of the other banking businesses that we're in. But taking the different components of what we're seeing here, starting with balances, just – industry balances as you know Moshe, of course, have been relatively flat for quite a while, but now industry-wide those are certainly moving up. So, industry revolving debt helped steady it about 1% for most of 2012 and 2013, but since July of 2014 it's been over 3% growth and over 4% growth in recent months. And bank card outstandings are up about 4% year-over-year. So the first factor that we see is that there is return to just ambient levels of kind of balance growth in the industry. Pricing has been stable in the segments that we play in. Competition continues to be very intense, especially in rewards but generally stable. The one place that we would flag as where the competition has really increased substantially, and to a point of concern is in the partnership side, the bidding has become very intense in this auction-based market and there've been some very aggressive deals which we're not going to pay whatever it takes in that space. But that to me is the most striking thing that is in motion. Specifically with respect to rewards competition, one thing I want to say is, while it has some stability to it, it is intensely competitive and it has been that way for a lot of years. So, I think the major players, who are in it are very invested in it and it sort of takes years to build the brand and the market position to be able to succeed in that space. I see the players in that space being generally investing intensely; relatively consistent with what we've seen in the past, but certainly that's a very competitive (25:24).
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Just a follow-up. I mean, given that you've got double-digit growth in net interest income and a decline actually year-over-year in interchange income, would you and what your comments just now about balance growth returning at the industry level, I mean do you think this is a little bit of the return of the lend-centric model?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, that – I wondered the same things as I saw some of the industry data, Moshe. I wouldn't necessarily declare that. I think that off of just such a stagnant growth environment, I think that there is some growth in the industry. But certainly relative to the last time, we saw the boom in the lending-centric environment, of course back then, Moshe, we saw some really kind of crazy practices that got into some of the products in the industry, just intense teaser wars all over the place. Now, of course, for those who choose to play in that segment, that's certainly going on. And people stretching in terms of credit risk and so on. It's what we saw again in the mid-00s. So I wouldn't say we see anything like that at this point, but I think it's good for you to make note that there has been a bit of a pickup in terms of balances and we'll have to see where that goes.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: All right, great. So I got one question on the charge-off rate expectations. So Rich, you mentioned 4% for next year and how losses would peak, I guess, in the first quarter. I mean is that what the trajectory will be into next year? And then we should expect it to moderate thereafter?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, could you just repeat your question one more time, Sanjay?
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Sure. Sure. Sure. So, you mentioned how charge-offs would peak in the first quarter, and then you talked about the full year charge-off rate being 4% for 2016. So should we expect a moderation in the loss rate after the first quarter?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Our point about – there is a seasonal effect. There's two different effects going on. One is the seasonal effect. And if you allow yourself to just say, if everything else were equal, here are the seasonal patterns and I described those several minutes ago, and that has the characteristic of peaking, as you described. Overlaid on top of that is another very important thing, which is the growth math of the acceleration that we have had in our business and that actually picks up steam over time. So, for example, we had pointed to sort of in the second half of 2015 that you will start seeing the net effects of growth. In fact growth – very early on when you start to accelerate growth, the losses actually in a sense have a movement in the other direction because you get a build of a denominator before the numerator picks up steam. But anyway, it's around this time, the third quarter of this year that the growth math is starting to play an increasingly important role. That's why you're now starting to see year-over-year growth in our charge-off numbers. So the guidance for the full year 2016, we're not giving quarterly guidance but it will have seasonal effects and then the increasing growth math effects and they will combine in our view to generate a full year average loss rate of around 4%.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Great. I guess my follow-up question, maybe for Steve or yourself. When I look at the card yield, year-over-year, you obviously started growing loans at a faster clip. But the yield doesn't seem to be increasing all that much. Is that related to the mix of the types of accounts that you guys are originating or what exactly is driving that because I would have thought you'd see that move up some?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: I don't know why the yield would move up, Sanjay, because it's just average relative to the portfolio is. So I'm not sure you'd see a change in yield. I'm sorry if I'm misunderstanding the question. There's not a mix change in the portfolio if that's (30:59)
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Sanjay, I think we've lost you. If you want to follow-up with me after the call – feel free to do so.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Cool, thanks.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: So now let's go to the next question. Oh! You're still on, Sanjay?
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Yeah, it's all right. It's cool. We'll talk afterwards. Thanks.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Next question then.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey good evening, guys. Rich, I know a couple of people have asked credit questions and maybe I'll try to ask it another way. So it sounds like 3Q or 4Q is really the starting point of the pickup in growth math. So assuming we don't see any further accelerations in loan growth, but does that imply that beyond 2016 we will continue to see a ramp in losses just because of the two-year period that you talked about before. And what does that mean for provisions, as we think about 2016? And lastly, does it continue to ramp once we get beyond that?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. There is too many factors that lie between now and the end of 2016 to make a forecast at this point on what's going on in 2017. You do make a very good point though, that we all should remember, that at the end of the day of course as we get into the latter parts of 2016, the allowance build will be driven very much by what's happening with losses and very importantly what's happening with growth at that period of time. But I think that the main point that I wanted to make is just the way growth math works. It's in the first two years after – for any vintage of growth, where the losses are climbing. And then they settle out and actually ultimately go down in any one sort of vintage of growth. So, all of this is the math of some things going and after they – so for example, as we get towards the latter part of 2016 and into 2017, some of the early growth vintages will be starting to settle out and you still have the effects of course of some of the more recent growth that we hope happens over the course of next year, for example. But I think that, keeping in mind, this general effect of what happens over the two-year period following a surge in growth and then understanding it's the blend of all the different vintages and the timing of that, I think that's pretty much how we would guide you at this point. Obviously, collectively, things eventually stabilize in just the math of when accelerated growth happens for a period of time and settles out.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Maybe just one quick follow-up for Steve. I think, some of us might think modestly down can mean different things. So can you just help us understand, what you would consider to be modest improvement on efficiency – the range?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think those words were chosen carefully and we're probably not going to go a lot further than the guidance that was given. So I appreciate you trying and we'd like to be more precise, but I don't think particularly at this point more precisions probably in your or in our interest. Next question please.
Operator: We'll go to David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon. In the U.S. card business, let's (34:56) see that the card fees rose nicely versus the overall volumes, closing the gap more so than previous quarters. Is that function of maybe dialing back the contra-revenue rewards or is it more a function of better activation and engagement and could we expect this to continue?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I'm not really sure where you're coming to that conclusion. So what's bothering you (35:22)?
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: The domestic card non-interest income was up 7% and higher than previous quarters versus your purchase volume growth of 19%?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. There's just a bunch of different factors, I think, that can move around on a quarterly basis. I don't think there's anything systemic or trend-wise that we'd point out. I think it's much better to probably look at these things on an annual basis.
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then on the auto regulatory environment, what's your outlook there, and has that been a part of the reason why you pulled back in subprime? And in terms of what would get you back into that business, given how fragmented the industry is, what industry conditions would you need for you to increase the originations?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So look, well we very much like the business and we spent 15 years building the capability to underwrite and manage risk in, for example, the subprime auto business. So the flagging that we have done in recent quarters about some of the practices that we see again is causing us to, ultimately effectively slow down the origination growth that we had had. We're still generating good business and we love the business. You mentioned the regulatory word, it is really not – our slow down, if you will, in origination growth is not driven by regulatory considerations. It's really driven by competitive situations, and in subprime most importantly some of the lending practices that we see that where I think more risk is being taken than we are comfortable to take to win a particular piece of business and that's really what we're flagging there.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Rich, given your comments on partnership pricing, as you look out to 2016, what are your thoughts on portfolio acquisitions or other purchases. Are you seeing anything that's remotely of interest? You've got a pretty interesting deal on the GE Healthcare portfolio? How do you think about 2016?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well I mean, we've often said about acquisitions that, look, the marketplace is always in flux. And we said that we would continue to be interested particularly in asset purchases and partnership businesses. Those would be the primary areas of focus. The partnerships, in many ways, we've not been the market clearing price on some of the recent partnership biz, and I think our actions and discipline kind of speak for itself. But with respect to asset businesses we're really excited about the unique opportunity. It's very unusual thing to be able to, in an acquisition at an attractive price, get someone that is like the leading and just absolute amazing performers that somebody like GE Healthcare business is. So a lot of planets aligned for us to get that. It is a byproduct of as I've said we watch the marketplace and look for opportunities, but as you can see over the last number of years, we done more looking than we have buying anything. But I think the GE business represents a very special opportunity that arises, but it is a very unique thing. I don't think – I think it is you could probably measure in decades the number of times a business comes along with such a good business and a market leading position where that can be obtained at a reasonable price. So we're happy about that, but that's not an indication that we're moving in the big acquisition mode in the slight.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): If I could just clarify one quick thing. You had mentioned softer used car pricing for auto. Is that seasonal, I guess this would be the time you'd see that or are you sort of seeing something beyond seasonality that's noteworthy?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: First of all we've been talking about auction prices for a long time. And the biggest reason that we put so much focus on is, if you look back in a historical context, we are at record levels in terms of where auction prices are. And they have sustained at record levels for a long period of time. And now there're arguments for that. Cars are lasting longer and there're lot of things about that. But the thing that matters from an underwriting point of view is not how long a car lasts or its value on the other end, it's what its value is relative to what you underwrite, wrote it, expecting it. So I just think in general, there is asymmetrical risk in the auto finance industry when auction prices sustain as they have for a significant number of years at record levels. And probably although we underwrite to a decline in prices, at some point, I think there's just a risk that the industry gets a little too used to that. So that's in general, what we have been flagging here. Now, if you look at the Manheim Index, you could go bowling on that flat index. Our own index that we see in the marketplace that's measured a little bit differently actually has shown recent declines relative to that. But the main thing is not so much what has happened and no it's really not a seasonal point. The main thing is just when we see small effects happening, we just talk a little bit louder to remind everyone that there's asymmetrical risk at the moment with respect to where auction option prices are. But I've been saying for several years and they just keep on being high, but that's what I wanted to flag on that.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask another time on the U.S. card business non-interest income. I focused on last quarter net interchange revenue growth of only 6% last quarter, again this quarter 6% relatively flat. Steve, I thought you indicated last quarter that, that can bounce around and there's looks like a natural growth rate of interchange when you're growing volume at 19% that'd be a little higher than that. So are there any one-time items that are weighing your interchange growth or this is simply a function of all the high rewards cost products that you're having successfully in the marketplace?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that in any one quarter – I wouldn't put too much stake or stock in any one quarter with respect to this metric. But I do want to – and probably the best ways to look at that is looking at periods like year-to-date, for example. Interchange revenue for Capital One has been – it's growing at 8%, for example. But just I want to get a little bit behind why there is this disconnect? And it has been going for a few years now and it will continue, although at some point, these numbers will converge. But the difference between the GPCC purchase volume versus the interchange growth rate. And it isn't just – I mean, yeah so we are out with attractive rewards proposition. You can see them advertised on television for example. That is a factor. We are also upgrading rewards products for existing rewards customers. We're also extending rewards products to some existing customers who don't have rewards. And a higher mix of kind of all the originations that happened out there in the marketplace now have rewards than they had before. And really this phenomenon – every player I think is seeing the same phenomenon. There are differences in degrees depending on strategies and how they're – especially the choices people make on do you want to go into your existing portfolio, how much are you going to take some cannibalization impact or not? But I think the main point is we're still having solid growth interchange. It's well below purchase volume. That effect will continue over time. But in the longer run, these things will converge. In the meantime, we feel really good about the economics of reward products and the choices that we're making and the customers that we're originating. Steve, did you want to add anything to that?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: No.
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you. And I may have some unrelated follow-up. In the UK business, it looks like things fell a little bit sequentially. Can you think about (46:20) update on the UK business and how you are thinking about it and how changes in interchange rates in the UK could potentially impact your marketing and growth strategy there?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We really like our UK business. It's a tremendous synergy to have that business when we have such a big U.S. business and we have a lot of cross-pollination going both ways and good business ideas going both ways and some of our best ideas actually sometimes come from our UK folks. That UK business isn't just a clone of our U.S. business and the most striking difference, if you look at the two, is sort of the absence in the UK of the big top-of-the-market transactor rewards driven business. So while interchange dropped significantly, our business never was a really top-of-the-market spender, heavy business. So the impact on us is relatively muted from the drop in interchange.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good evening, Rich and Steve. Can you tell us what proportion of your portfolio is comprised of your back book versus your front book? And maybe help us understand what a normalized mix level between those books tends to be as you continue to grow?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You know, Bill – you didn't just like the eloquence of this great story about how back book performs and front book performs. They are really not – we don't have a thing at Capital One called just the back book's over here and the front book's over here because it's all a state of transition. Everybody starts in the front book over time and then moves into the back book. It is a general descriptive method that we use to say that the metrics that you're seeing on our portfolio are driven way disproportionately by the changes at the margin especially in originations, but also in terms of things like line increases as well. So that the effects are so dramatic, particularly on a highly seasoned portfolio with just incredibly low losses like we have here. That's why we speak in terms of the front book and the back book, but they really – it's more of a method of explaining how the business works and...
William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Right. But I guess I was kind of...
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Phil (sic) [Bill], if I could just say also, a big part of not being able to do what you would like in terms of forecasting it, I think you've heard Rich talk forever about growth being windows of opportunity we see in the market, and we're not planning every year to get a certain amount of growth when it's there and it makes sense we take it. So, that obviously makes it pretty difficult to look into the future and see how the mix is going to change over time, and hopefully it goes without saying that these originations are performing as we expect, and we believe these are going to work out really well for our shareholders over time.
William Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Right. I guess I was just trying to build off of the thought process that you guys described so well surrounding the growth math, and just the idea that you have peak losses somewhere around 18 months to 30 months. So if we just draw a line in the sand at, let's say, 36 months, then anything older than that is past peak losses, and you have declining charge-off rates relating to anything that's older than 36 months and anything younger than that is experiencing arguably rising charge-offs. And then so to the extent that you guys kind of stopped growing post the great recession and more of your book was comprised of the back book that was a larger percentage of your book, but now as you've been growing and kind of stepping on the gas, some of the newer vintages are representing a greater proportion of your overall book, and therefore that's creating some of the growth math headwind. And so I was just looking for a little bit of color around the interplay of those moving parts, but if you can share that, I'd love to – either, if you have some more color you could share on that, that'd be great. Otherwise, I have a follow-up I'd like to ask.
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, actually you did an incredibly good job, probably better than I did of actually explaining the growth math general dynamics. So if you have specific questions, we'll try to answer them, but I think that if you look at Capital One right now, we're in kind of a striking position if you look at our metrics relative to a number of players. First of all, you may remember that in the period preceding this, Capital One was actually near the bottom of the league tables in terms of growth. And we talked all about running off high balance revolvers. We kind of stopped talking all the time about that, but that's a phenomenon so we have had an exceptionally seasoned book. And then, now, as we're sort of on the leading side of the industry with respect to our growth, then you're also going to see our metrics will move in ways that will diverge from competitors, in striking ways and that's why it's really important that we all communicate as clearly as we can about growth math and separating what's the difference between just natural maturation of businesses and customers behaving exactly as we expect versus changes in underlying credit performance or things like that. So at this time, we are diverging from certainly some of the other players with respect to our credit performance. I again want to reiterate that things are coming in very consistent with our own expectations, both on the front book and on the back book.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Spahr with CLSA.
Chris J. Spahr - CLSA Americas LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. I noticed that most of the deposit growth has been in the other segment this quarter. Can you explain why that is and maybe if you'd raise the rates to kind of get that the business lines growing?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. So that's really, our funding needs have been met more by wholesale funding sources including securitization, some brokerage CDs. We've been largely out of wholesale markets following the ING DIRECT acquisition and have been intentionally reestablishing our presence. That's just a market that you want to stay active in. Remember, wholesale funding is also an important part of the LCR calculations. So there're a couple reasons why we, in addition to being in a pretty efficient market, but we believe we're very well positioned to grow our deposits in our bank going forward.
Chris J. Spahr - CLSA Americas LLC: And can you give some guidance on the PPI charge outlook going forward?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: I really can't. We had the rules issued by the FCA and there is some specificity in how those actually work. So there's a two-year window for customers actually looking for a relief. And what we did was we took obviously everything that was in that release and used it to come up with our best estimate of reserves, but there are a lot of unknowns with respect to how the final nature of this is going to come in and how customer complaints will come in and obviously we've done our best to estimate that in reserves and to the extent that things change that that will something that we make you aware of. Next question, please?
Operator: And for our last question this evening, we'll go to Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks guys for taking my questions too. Looking at some competitor data and some comments from your peers, it looks like there was a pickup in account growth which you cited the fact that your loan growth has been substantially in excess of your peer group, which everybody's certainly been tracking pretty closely. Curious how much of this is a function of new accounts versus utilization in line limit increases?
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Rick, we also are enjoying a high level of account growth right now. Not sure I can speak for the other competitors but if you look at when we went from very little growth a couple of years ago, when the growth began, we said that our originations have picked up but also our line increases are going to be a little bit outsized here because we are making up for a period of time when we were not able to do line increases as we are working on a solution to a new regulation that had come out. And so, early on in our growth surge we were a little bit more than normally weighted toward line increases. That has now reached pretty much an equilibrium where the line increases – the majority of our growth – and by the way – well I would say just generally a majority of our growth is coming on the origination side, and important minority of our growth is coming from line increases but it's pretty much at sort of an equilibrium at this point.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Second question, and it's a non-sequitur, but during the quarter you issued some preferred that we potentially would have thought would've appeared in the preferred expense during the quarter, it doesn't seem to. What's the run rate headed into Q4 in terms of preferred expense?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: I think that's the semiannual payment. So it's December and June. That's why you don't see it this time around.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Investor Relations: Well, thanks everyone for joining us on this conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the investor relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have remaining. Have a great evening and thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Chris C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Elizabeth L. Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC Sameer S. Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Thanks very much, Nancy, and welcome, everybody to Capital One's second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. If you'd like to access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2015 results. With me this evening are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements and for more information on these factors, please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factor section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. With that I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jeff. For the second quarter Capital One earned $830 million, or $1.50 per share, and had a return on average tangible common equity of 11%. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.48 per share. Net income was down $285 million driven by lower linked quarter pre-provision earnings and higher provision expense. Pre-provision earnings decreased by $233 million versus the prior quarter as higher revenue was more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses. Provision for credit losses increased on a linked-quarter basis as lower charge-offs were offset by a larger allowance build. We had non-recurring costs of $225 million in the quarter. We have included an appendix slide in our earnings presentation available on our website illustrating the impacts from these items to key line items and ratios in the quarter. Non-recurring charges include: restructuring expense of $147 million related to the realignment of our workforce that we recently announced internally. We expect a modest amount of incremental non-recurring charges later this year from site closures related to this activity. We also added $78 million to our U.K. PPI reserve of which $37 million was captured as a contra revenue item and $41 million was captured in non-interest expense. The increase in our U.K. PPI reserve is driven by complaint volumes declining more slowly than we had previously estimated. The refund of PPI fees and interest is an industry-wide issue and there continues to be uncertainty as to how these exposures will play out. Estimating future complaint levels is difficult and there is the potential that more complaints will be filed in the future than we are currently estimating. As always, our 10-Q will provide further details on the factors we consider in estimating our reserve. Excluding the impact from the restructuring charges and the build in U.K. PPI reserve, earnings per share in the quarter were $1.78 and our efficiency ratio was 54.6%. Turning to another legal matter. In the quarter we recorded a $36 million benefit from reducing our reserve for representation and warranty claims. This reduction was driven by a recent High Court ruling in New York regarding the application of statute of limitations. We also expect that the ruling will result in a decrease to our reasonably profitable rep and warranty exposure by approximately $500 million from the level reported in March of 2015, but that calculation will not be finalized until the 10-Q is filed next month. As outlined on slide four, reported NIM decreased 1 basis point in the second quarter to 6.56% as lower investment securities and loan yields were partially offset by lower cash balances and additional day to recognize revenue in the second quarter. We continue to be above the fully phased in LCR requirements as of June 30, 2015. On slide five you can see our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.1%. On a fully phased in basis we estimate this ratio would be approximately 11.8%. We reduced our net share count in the quarter by 5.5 million shares, or 1%, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We entered parallel run for Basel III Advanced Approaches on January 1 and we continue to estimate that we are above our 8% target. Let me now turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. I'll begin on slide seven with our Domestic Card business. Strong loan growth continued in the quarter. Ending loans were up 11% year-over-year and average loans grew 9%. We continue to see attractive opportunities in the parts of the market we've been focused on for some time. Purchase volume on general purpose credit cards, which excludes private label cards that don't produce interchange revenue, grew 20% year-over-year. The success of our rewards programs increased new account originations, and credit line increases continued to drive purchase volume growth. Revenue increased 8% year-over-year. On a linked-quarter basis revenue margin decreased 12 basis points driven by the change in our finance charge and fee reserve, which swung from a modest credit-driven release in the first quarter to a modest growth related build in the second quarter. The Domestic Card revenue margin remains healthy at 16.8%. As you know, we stopped selling payment protection to new customers in the U.S. in 2012, but we allowed existing customers to keep the product. Since then, our revenue margin has absorbed a small drag as the back book of payment protection has been gradually running off as a result of account attrition, charge-offs and cancellations. Payment protection is expected to contribute about 25 basis points to the full-year 2015 revenue margin and has been declining by an average of about 10 basis points a year. As we continue to simplify our operations to focus on our core offerings, we believe it is the right time to fully exit the back book, which we expect to largely complete in the first quarter of 2016. We expect the contribution to revenue margin to essentially go to zero by the second quarter of 2016. Year-over-year non-interest expense increased 7% driven by higher marketing and growth-related operating expenses as well as continuing digital investments. Credit in the second quarter was driven by expected seasonal improvements. The charge-off rate improved 13 basis points to 3.42%. The delinquency rate improved eight basis points to 2.84%. Recall that last quarter we experienced better than forecasted delinquency flow rates. As first quarter delinquency favorability rolls through to charge-offs, we expect quarterly charge-off rate to be around 3% at the third quarter seasonal low point. Longer-term, our credit expectations are unchanged and are driven by growth math. As new loan balances season, they put upward pressure on losses. We still expect growth math to drive quarterly charge-off rate to be in the mid-to-high 3% range in the fourth quarter and higher from there in 2016. Loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rate drove an allowance build in the quarter and we expect these same factors to drive allowance additions going forward. Slide eight summarizes second quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans were flat compared to the prior year. Growth in auto loans was offset by expected mortgage runoff. Auto originations increased about 1% year-over-year and 5% from the linked quarter. Consumer Banking revenue was up 2% year-over-year driven by growth in auto loans. Revenue continued to be pressured by persistently low interest rates on the deposit business, declining mortgage balances and margin compression in auto. Non-interest expense increased 6% year-over-year driven by infrastructure and technology expenses in retail banking and growth in auto loans. Provision for credit losses grew $42 million year-over-year to $185 million. Growth in auto loans and normalizing auto credit resulted in higher year-over-year charge-off expense. In our auto business used vehicle values have softened, although they remain near historically high levels. A decline in used car prices would put pressure on our results. We've discussed increased competition in pricing and underwriting for some time. In the second quarter we observed increasingly aggressive underwriting practices by some of our competitors, particularly in subprime. We are losing some contracts to competitors who are making more aggressive underwriting choices. As a result, subprime originations declined modestly compared to the prior year. We will continue to pursue opportunities in auto lending that are consistent with our longstanding focus on resilience, including adding new relationships with well-qualified dealers and gaining greater share of prime originations with existing dealers. Our Consumer Banking businesses are delivering solid performance in the face of continuing headwinds. Persistently low interest rates will pressure returns in our deposit businesses, even if rates begin to rise in 2015. Planned home loans runoff continues and auto loan growth is slowing and margins are compressing from once-in-a-lifetime levels. We expect these trends will negatively affect revenues and efficiency ratio in the second half of 2015 and 2016. Moving to slide nine, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Ending loan balances increased 6% year-over-year and 1% from the linked quarter with most of the growth in specialized industry verticals in C&I. Average loan balances were up 8% year-over-year. As we've been signaling, our growth is slowing compared to prior years because of choices we're making in response to market conditions. While increasing competition, pressuring loan terms and pricing in CRE and plain vanilla C&I, we continue to see good growth opportunities in select specialty verticals in C&I. Revenues increased 8% from the prior year driven by growth in average loans as well as increased fee income from agency multi-family originations. These factors were partially offset by loan yields, which declined 24 basis points compared to the prior year driven by increased competition. Loan yields increased modestly from the linked quarter. Provision for credit losses increased $37 million from the prior year to $49 million driven by allowance build. We built allowance over the last three quarters in anticipation of increasing risk in oil and gas and taxi medallion loans. In the second quarter criticized non-performing loans were up $282 million from the prior year to $463 million and the NPL rate increased about 50 basis points to 0.90%. These trends were driven by downgrades of oil and gas loans and to a lesser extent downgrades of taxi medallion loans. Second quarter credit results include the final results of the Shared National Credit's exam. We remain highly focused on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. Through Hibernia, we've been in this business for more than 50 years through multiple cycles. Of our approximately $3.4 billion portfolio of oil and gas loans, our largest exposure is in exploration and production and our second largest exposure is in oil field services. Our taxi medallion loan portfolio is less than $1 billion in loans. In the face of growing competition from Uber and other entrants, taxi medallion values continue to decline and we're closely watching this sector. I'll conclude tonight on slide 10. Capital One posted solid results in the second quarter, highlighted by strong growth in our Domestic Card business. We're delivering attractive, risk-adjusted returns today and investing to sustain growth and returns over the long term. We remain compelled by the opportunity, need and urgency of digital transformation. We are entering a mobile, on-demand, real-time world. Digital has already disrupted many businesses and has created entirely new industries. The pace of disruption is sweeping, breathtaking and accelerating. Banking is inherently a digital business and is ripe for transformation. To win in the digital world, we can't simply bolt digital onto the side of our existing business or port analog banking services to digital channels. Technology and information will fundamentally change how banking works and unlock new capabilities and the ability to deliver entirely new experiences. To fully capture these benefits, we're deeply embedding digital into our businesses. We're becoming a destination for great digital talent; product managers, designers, engineers and data scientists. We're simplifying and modernizing our infrastructure to drive agility across the company. We're building foundational capabilities around software development, design and information and we're transforming the way we work to unleash the power of modern technology and great talent to drive innovation. We are making significant investments in our digital future. We don't build technology for technologies sake. We are working backwards from a future where the vast majority of interactions with our customers will be digital. We are already seeing the payoff. Our digital investments are creating a compelling customer experience, delivering data-driven insights and are a key enabler of the strong growth we are delivering. We continue to see strong growth opportunities across our Domestic Card business. We believe that the right choice to drive long-term value is to spend marketing and operating expense to capitalize on this window of opportunity. Taken together, digital transformation, Domestic Card growth opportunities, and rising industry regulatory requirements drive our investment levels, and we believe all three are strategic imperatives that are critical to long-term value creation. Last quarter we indicated that full-year 2015 efficiency ratio could be modestly above 54.5%, driven by incremental marketing and growth-related operating expenses. With strong Domestic Card growth opportunities continuing, we now expect full year 2015 efficiency ratio to be around 55%, excluding non-recurring items. While it's difficult to predict next year's efficiency ratio 18 months in advance, we can see a number of factors which will affect it. We expect the 2016 efficiency ratio will benefit from recent Card growth and recent cost moves, but the continuing investments in growth, digital and regulatory as well as the revenue pressures in auto and retail banking are expected to put upward pressure on efficiency ratio. Net-net and excluding non-recurring items, we don't expect much improvement in 2016 efficiency ratio relative to full year 2015. We're managing expenses tightly with the goal of offsetting digital investment, growth and regulatory expenditures as best we can with savings in other areas. One example in the second quarter is the choice we made to restructure our workforce as we become a more digital company. Pulling up, Capital One is well positioned to sustain attractive shareholder returns. Over the near term we've positioned Capital One to deliver financial performance with the following characteristics: strong revenue growth driven by growth in loans, pre-provision earnings growth more or less in line with revenue growth, higher provision for credit losses creating headwinds for net income, and significant capital distribution subject to regulatory approval with share repurchases reducing share count and aiding earnings per share. Now Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. And if you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Nancy, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey. Good evening, guys. Can you maybe just help us better understand the growth math? It seemed like the provision build was significantly higher than any of us had expected coming into the quarter. So, Steve, maybe you could just walk us through the outlook for charge-offs, expectations for growth and maybe help us just understand the qualitative component. Should we be thinking about a ramp in provisions from here given the growth that you've generated? Or do you think we're finally getting to the point that provisions could be commensurate with the loan growth profile?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Ryan, hopefully this will be a repeat to what we've been talking about for a while, but I think as you say, it continues to be a source of difference. So let me talk in particular because most of this is driven by Card and focus there. As we've mentioned, our allowance is built off of three components: the loan balances at the end of the period, our 12-month forecast going forward, and qualitative factors for risks that aren't covered in the models. As mentioned, and we've talked about this for a while, we're in a growth period for Card. So that growth, all else equal, is going to be pushing up the allowance. And even more precisely we've given you a sense for what's going to happen to charge-offs. Our current allowance right now includes the – if you think about it, there's a rotation that happens every quarter. Our current allowance includes expectations for low NACO losses in the third quarter of 2015. We talked in our guidance of around 3%. And if you think about it, at the end of next quarter we will replace the third quarter of 2015 with the third quarter of 2016. Remember we have guided now consistently – there's not been a change in outlook for our loss content in Card. We've guided consistently over the last couple of quarters that we're going to be in the mid-to-high 3% in the fourth quarter of 2015 and higher from there. So all else equal, even before loan growth, just a quarter swap would mean an allowance build next quarter. And the same thing happened you can talk about this quarter. Now I always have to put in that qualifier of all else equal. Changes to our underlying loss expectations can have a real impact on allowance build because it happens over the next kind of four quarters. So it's really the combination of growth and our outlook for charge-offs that's going to ultimately work its way into changes in allowance.
Operator: And we'll go to the next question that comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. I guess you guys have been seeing some good growth in Card. Could you just maybe talk about the types of growth you're seeing, what kind of competition you're seeing, what the loss content of that growth is because that kind of ties into the allowance question? And I'll ask my second question upfront. I guess there's some changes to the CCAR approach as far as the Advanced Approach is concerned. Maybe, Steve, you could just talk about how that might impact you. Thanks.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Do you want me to go first on the capital?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: (23:56) sure, okay.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Yes, look, I think the two things that kind of apply to us are they're going to move away from the old Tier 1 common ratio. That's not a big impact for us on CCAR. The other thing is at least for now it feels like CCAR and Advanced Approaches have been delayed indefinitely and that added more uncertainty, which we've talked about. So those are the two things that will impact us. Obviously it's not a model that we can control and we can't predict entirely what the changes are going be year-over-year, but on balance the biggest change was probably knowing for some period of time there will not be a combination of CCAR and Advanced Approaches. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Sanjay, the growth in the Card business is a very similar story to what we've been saying for some time now. We're seeing good opportunities and growth across the segments that we are growing and that we are investing in. In our Card business the loss content is similar to originations we've been doing for quite some time. The losses of new originations are higher than our highly-seasoned back book just because that back book was profoundly seasoned by anybody who survived the great recession and the very extended period of low originations for us and in many ways for the industry. So off of an unusually low loss back book, we are seeing very good origination opportunities and it's really more of the same that you've seen from us for a long period of time.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. And we'll go next to Eric Wasserstrom with Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. I just wanted to clarify one question on provision and then I have a question about the net interest margin. There was a reserve build in the Commercial segment, but is that also given the dynamics that you just went through, Steve, as they relate to car, are they similar for Commercial given what's going on there in terms of some of the credit stress? And then my margin question is, can you just walk us through some of the puts and takes in terms of what's going on in yields across the different product areas and maybe what's going on in cost of funds? Thank you.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: So the provision in commercial, the drivers of that are primarily the energy and taxi remarks that Rich made earlier. And I'm sorry, the next question was – what was the question on net interest margin?
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: It was just largely about if you could give us some insights into what's going on in terms of yield expectations and what's going on in terms of your cost of funds expectations?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Well, there's kind of plusses and minuses and a lot of it obviously depends on which side of the balance sheet you're talking about. I mean, in general on the positive side we've moved to a higher mix in Card. That's probably been something that's been a help to net interest margin. I would say yields more generally across the portfolio have been going in the opposite direction.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. The next question comes from Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Rich, you mentioned sub-prime auto competition again this quarter. And I was curious if you're seeing is it an across-the-board pickup in terms of aggressive activity? Or is it more one player because obviously where one participant that's had some strategic changes that has led them to get more active if you could comment on that.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: It's not across the board. It's a little more isolated, but it's a similar phenomenon we've been talking about for some time, but we, of course, are making the choice to be very consistent with our own underwriting here.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. And just lastly, are you seeing any impact at all from the online marketplace lenders? My sense is probably not, but I just wanted to check on that.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. I mean, we're intrigued with frankly all of the startups in the financial services space, one category of which is the online lending and peer-to-peer lending and so on. The numbers involved are small relative to the magnitude of the balance sheets and originations. To most of us it would be probably hard to see that. I also do want to point out that most of this lending on the consumer side is focused on installment lending and that's not an area we're doing a lot of origination in. So we certainly don't see any direct effect. It would be hard to measure indirect effect. But even though we may not see much of an effect, we certainly have a real interest in watching what goes on in that space.
Operator: We'll go to the next question and it comes from David Ho with Deutsche Bank.
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good afternoon. Just wanted to talk about the 2016 efficiency ratio a little more. A little surprised that it would stay elevated relative to already increased levels for 2015, particularly in light of your asset sensitivity and obviously some growth in digital that should lower your cost of acquisition. Do you see more flexibility in the event that revenue pressures persist on the cost side, maybe in retail banking or across other areas of the business?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Let me say a few things about the efficiency ratio. As you know and probably looking at our own conversation over the course of this year, it's hard to precisely predict efficiency ratio, but what we wanted to give investors a sense of that there really are tailwinds and headwinds that are competing pretty strongly with each other. And the recent growth that we've done in the card business, for example, is certainly a positive force. Offsetting that, of course, is the – what we'll do in terms of investing in card growth during the year next year. And a pretty big component is the digital investment as well and some of the other things that I mentioned. The – in terms of how these play out, the card growth will ultimately be beneficial to efficiency ratio as growth moderates. And the investment in digital – a lot of banks are talking about digital in the language of whether the expenditure – how the investment in digital compares to the cost saves. We are not primarily motivated by cost saving with digital because I think that's about fourth on the list of things that the power that digital provides. Right now, it is still a net negative and probably for an extended period of time measured purely by cost, digital will probably be a net negative. But even then on the cost side, we're seeing benefits already in statement and payment processing, telephone servicing costs, workforce restructuring that you saw, branch efficiency, data storage, a lot of things. But the bigger benefits are things beyond that that show up in terms of better credit risk management, faster product development, and ultimately, the kind of growth that you're seeing. So the reason that we took the time here to lay out efficiency ratio guidance was just to give you a sense of the commitment that we have to investing on the digital side and the commitment that we have to seizing the opportunity on the card growth side. And I think both of those factors are going to be significant enough that we don't see a lot of opportunity for the efficiency ratio to go down in the near term. All of – during the same time, we are working incredibly hard to save costs in one, minus those two areas, and I think today's announcement is a manifestation of some of those efforts.
David Ho - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And going back to Ryan's question a little more on the card loan growth that you're doing, a third of your business is below prime. How quickly is that growing relative to prime? Are you seeing a bit more migration into those segments as the economy improves?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Our mix is staying pretty steady. We're growing in all of the areas that we're investing in.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura. And sir, please check your mute function. And Mr. Carcache, please check your mute function.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hello. Can you hear me?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Bill.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Can you talk about the IRRs on the new loans that you're originating today versus what those IRRs have looked like over the past several years? And within that, can you give us a sense for what's been happening with customer acquisition costs over time?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Bill, IRRs are probably on the higher end, but still in the range of the kind of IRRs we've seen going back for an extended number of years now on our originations. The primary thing is the magnitude of origination opportunity that we see. But it is also the case that the octane measured in terms of pretty much any way we measure it, but most importantly by, ultimately, the NPV, NPV per marketing dollar, IRR and various things is on the higher end.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Do you have a follow-up, Bill?
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: No, that's it. Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, the next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Hi. Thanks. Good evening, and thanks for taking my questions. I guess I want to ask two separate questions, I want to ask them together to make it easier. First, on the Card business, just such an impressive trajectory in your U.S. Card loan and volume growth, yet it's not seeing nearly the kind of follow-through that we kind of expected on the revenue side. I know you called out some of the payment protection plans as a negative, and I'm also looking at a pretty significant sequential decline in interchange revenue. And I didn't know if there was anything going on there, just there's a high rewards rate. And also sequentially, it went from like 12% to 6% interchange revenue growth as volumes are accelerating. So can you just talk maybe about that and any other factors that are weighing on U.S. Card growth? And then my second question is for Rich on SMB lending. Just, I noted your comments about the Alt lenders and can't help, when I look at the small business version of some of these alternative lenders, that their business have changed a bit Capital One's core competencies and direct marketing and mining data and looking for mispriced loan opportunities. Can you talk at all your appetite for SMB loans that are nationally and directly originated? Thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay, Chris. Yeah. Let me start with the interchange. The net interchange metric can have quite a bit of quarter-to-quarter variability because it includes partnership contractual payments, it includes international card. And we periodically adjust our rewards liability based on customer trends and redemption rates and things like that. So as such in any particular quarter, there tends to be a lot of noise around that. But if you sort of pull up beyond the quarterly noise, you're absolutely right in pointing out that net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth. And – or purchase volume growth. And we would expect this trend to continue. In many ways, it's really a byproduct of the success that we're seeing. Our rewards programs have been and continue to be enjoying a lot of growth. We are making the choice to upgrade a lot of our customers to these products. And we're also extending reward products to existing customers who don't have rewards. So if you look at the effect of all of those together, that's why interchange growth is – lags purchase volume growth. And I think that while that will bounce around for quarter-to-quarter, I think – and over the longer run, those two metrics will converge. I think it still will be some time before they fully converge. And with respect to the alternative lenders, for example, small business lenders, we're very intrigued with some of these startup companies. I think that they have demonstrated a lot of innovation that – from which I think we can learn a lot at Capital One. The way that they do their underwriting, obviously the digital capabilities that they have, in a number of cases, they're using very sophisticated and interesting data analytics. The way that they do cash flow-based underwriting, the way that they do the daily collections kind of thing, there's a lot of very creative activities going on in that particular space. We're watching it carefully. And we – and we'll continue to see and learn from the people that are leading in this space.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Yes, the next question comes from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Rich, maybe first a question for you. You mentioned earlier in the call that on the card side, the card portfolio mix has been pretty steady. But if we take a look at some of your regulatory filings, it appears that the sub-660 FICO cohort within the U.S. card is growing at a slightly faster rate in terms of the overall proportion of loans with that FICO score. So I guess I'm just curious, given that you haven't really changed your outlook for credit losses over the next few quarters, what do you need to see? What's the canary in the coal mine, particularly in the subprime side of things, that might make you reassess what your lost content in that particular part of the portfolio might be?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, Matt, you are right that while overall generally, the mix is about the same, there has been a very small increase in the subprime mix. But overall, when we look at our originations, when we look at the strategy that we have, there's a real consistency. And the phrase I say, sometimes the more things change, the more they stay the same in terms of how the opportunities we're pursuing and the nature of the growth that we're getting. When you ask the question what is the canary in the coalmine with respect to this business, obviously we look incredibly carefully at the metrics that begin on the origination side. So we look at the nature of the mix of applicants that we get and that tends to be an indicator of whether there's positive or negative selection. And then we track very closely every single month all of the metrics and early indicators of whether there are any issues. And at Capital One we predict outcomes before, during and after every single origination. So we monitor this incredibly closely. You also know that in things like the sub-prime space, we have about more than 15, approaching 20 years' experience in this particular space. So what I would say for it would be the same as I would say for any part of the Card business. We watch very carefully for adverse selection, we monitor the metrics extremely closely. And we stay mobilized to move and also to let our investors know when things change relative to our own expectations. But all that said, we continue to see really across the Card business a stability in the competitive environment, a stability in the origination environment, a stability in the consumer and their own behavior and really a stability in the vintages of our originations.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: And clearly, if we saw a canary in a coalmine, I don't think you'd be seeing the type of growth that we're currently seeing in the Card business.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, if I can follow up with another credit-related question, I guess more on the commercial side and specifically with the oil portfolio, it looks like that was – your outstandings were down about 6% quarter-over-quarter from what you reported in the first quarter. Can you give us a sense as to, if the commitment trend is roughly similar in that portfolio quarter-over-quarter? And there's been some anecdotal evidence that there's been some increased focus from regulators on that portfolio. I guess I'm just curious as you head into the fall redetermination, sort of what your thinking is in terms of the potential for provision pressure within that portfolio.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, obviously, that business we're very, very closely monitoring and on numerous calls recently we have been talking about that segment. One of the benefits of the upstream oil & gas business is the ability to do the borrowing base redetermination. So loan balances were down 6% from the prior quarter as a result of the spring borrowing base redetermination and our E&P borrowers decreased their balances to conform to the lower commodity prices and oil field services companies reduced their balance sheets. So we've pretty much seen across the energy business a pretty darn quick reaction by reducing expenses, particularly capital expenditures and taking advantage of the receptive capital markets. So all of that said, obviously you don't have to look very far to notice what's happening in oil prices and the volatility and risks there. So the allowance builds that we've had for several quarters now have been significantly driven by energy as well as in the taxi business as well, but that one we'll really have to monitor carefully. But we do like some of the inherent resilience dynamics that exist, particularly in the upstream part of the business as they move quickly to adapt to the oil pricing pressure.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question please.
Operator: Yes. The next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thanks. Just thinking about some of the comments you made about the revenue in the credit card business. Given that it seems like most of the incremental interchange revenue you're generating is going back to the consumer, could you talk about whether there's a increasing or decreasing percentage of the base that's actually revolving. And I've got a follow up.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Moshe, I don't have the metrics right in front of me, but I think there is a gradual migration away from a revolving towards the transacting side of the business, but I don't have a metric in front of me, nor do we report that. But just looking as you can see the pretty eye-popping growth in purchase volume, that would be consistent with that.
Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. And you've made some comments kind of about the fee and finance charge reserve. I mean that probably three years ago was probably at least $100 million higher, so I'm assuming with the growth in the business that that's a number that probably could be rising over the next couple of quarters? Is that reasonable?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yes. All else equal more growth would lead to more of a reserve there.
Moshe A. Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please?
Operator: Yes, the next question comes from Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Christopher R. Donat - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Steve, I wanted to come back to something you said about the allowance methodology and qualitative factors. I'm just wondering with the environment we're in where we have like a 40-year low on jobless claims announced today and oil prices and gasoline prices remaining low, are those things you factor in to your outlook? Do you have expectations there? Because it seems like those should be tailwinds or have been tailwinds for credit quality, particularly for sub-prime borrowers for the last few months.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Look I think the thing that you should really focus on in trying to forecast the primary drivers of provision are obviously charge-offs and allowances. We've given you a little bit of help on charge-offs over the near term. And the two things I really want you to spend your time on in terms of the allowance builds are really the loan growth expectations and the charge-off replacement phenomenon that I talked about. Qualitative factors can be important from time to time in terms of adjusting over the next 12 months, but I think if you focus on those two, that's going to be the most important factors.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please?
Operator: Yes, the next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth L. Graseck - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Just a question on payment protection. You indicated 25 bps are going to be gone by 2Q 2016. I just wanted to make sure I understood that we should assume that that's a ratable decline over the next three quarters. And then, the follow-up is what kind of offsets should we be thinking about that could potentially come through?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Betsy, so this has been a gradually running off revenue stream ever since we stopped originating new payment protection in 2012. And that will continue to just gradually run off until the event happens over the course of the first quarter. It won't be on a single day. It'll happen over the course of the first quarter where we basically shut down the back book business. And so from a run rate point of view where you'll see that effect fully is starting with the second quarter. And what we're saying is relative to full-year 2015, this is a 25 basis point effect. I wouldn't look for any specific thing to offset that. It's one of many, many things that affect revenue over time. Our point is other things being equal, that would take down the revenue margin by 25 basis points. So we have a very healthy revenue margin. We have great things going on in the business, but we are not intervening to do something on the revenue side to offset this. What we're doing is really just accelerating and getting over with something that was going to happen anyway over the next couple of years.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: The next question please.
Operator: And the next question comes from Rick Shane with JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks, guys, for taking my question. I'd like to just delve in a little bit to the 11% year-over-year Card growth. One of the things we're wondering is how much of that's really being driven by average balance growth from seasoned accounts, so say over 12 months, and how much is really driven by net new adds over the last 12 months?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: As you can imagine, it's a very good question, Rick, because of course this is many vintages and various effects all happening on top of each other. I think the best way to think of this is that the majority of our originations and growth is from new account acquisitions. Just a general observation, the majority is coming from new account origination and the very natural early balance growth associated with that. And a sizeable minority is coming from credit line increases on more seasoned books, but we are approaching an equilibrium with respect to those effects. I flagged several quarters ago that we had a bit of an outsized credit line increase going on because we had had a brownout for the period preceding that. And we are pretty close to an equilibrium now, maybe just a little bit still of residual from on that credit line increase side. But what you see is approaching an equilibrium with respect to the mechanics of how growth works.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. That's very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You bet.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Sameer Gokhale with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Sameer S. Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you for taking my questions. Rich, you talked about your incremental investments in digital and as I look at the banks and you guys, it seems like digital is clearly the Wild West to a certain extent. So when you think about digital investments, how do you think about sizing how much of a budget you want to allocate to those investments? And really how are you thinking about that in terms of investments over the next couple of years? I mean is there a specific earmarked amount or is it just ideas that trickle up that you feel that you can fund on a discretionary basis? It'd just be helpful to see how you're thinking about that. Thank you.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you, Sameer. Digital is becoming so all-encompassing into how life works and how the business works, it's increasingly difficult to even in a sense technically answer your question. But we don't start with a thing that says, okay, we have X million dollars to spend on digital and that is it. So what we do is we start strategically with the environment and say where is the world going and what does winning entail as the world goes there. And we work backwards and then develop a strategy and we figure out where we need to go as a company. And along the way you can imagine that digital is a centerpiece of that entire strategic agenda. And so everybody from the bottom-up builds the economics of their business working backwards from where they're trying to go as a business, and all of that adds up to our overall economics. We see if it makes sense. We drive incredibly hard to wring out costs that are not directly related to digital innovation and growth. I know you can't necessarily see those effects, but they are very significant, as are the digital investments on the other side. But I'd just like to stop and reflect a little bit on what is it that we're investing in, because I think a lot of banks say, and I've heard several of them say it, we're going to sell funds as digital investment. And so you tell me how much you can save and that's how much we can invest. That is a really, really tough way to take any institution I think to where it needs to go because the marketplace isn't waiting for us to do that on those terms. But on the other hand, we're not just investing in science experiments or seeing what's new and shiny object. When we talk about digital investment, it starts with talent. We're talking about bringing in top engineers, product managers, designers, data scientists often from tech companies and startups outside of financial services. And this is a very important thing and obviously it costs money to do that, but that's a foundational thing. We're talking about providing the digital workspaces and the most modern tools for these folks that's essential in terms of recruiting them and essential in terms of leveraging them. So often I think banks when they think about digital, they think I've got to go build apps, we've got to get customer-facing or associate-facing apps. Most of the leverage is really in infrastructure in terms of things like rationalized and simplified core infrastructure, increasingly we're focusing on cloud computing and building the underlying capabilities such that product development will be faster and faster and more effective over time. We're obviously investing in terms of product development itself and we're on an accelerating basis shipping product and you can go to the App Store and take a look at some of this stuff. It's pretty highly rated. We're investing in cyber security. This is an incredibly important area and we are putting a lot of very top talent and a lot of energy and investment into that. But the key thing is, this is not because we think this digital thing is cool and there's opportunities someday. These are delivering benefits right now on many fronts. While you can't necessarily see it in the numbers that you see, but the enhancements to productivity, the power of innovation, the dramatically growing customer experience benefits and it's inextricably linked to the growth that we are generating right now. So pulling way up from that it doesn't really start with this is the number. It's really increasingly sort of who we are and how we think about the business. So pulling way up, what we are so focused on is making sure that we can generate very strong returns for our shareholders and continue to invest in a future that has very strong returns for our shareholders over time. And right now we see right in front of us two very, very big opportunities. One of them is card growth and the other one is this digital opportunity. Both of them involve spending money to make more money later, but at the end of the day, I go back to the thing that we focus on every single day. How can we create value for our shareholders today and ensure that we can create value for them tomorrow? And the way to do that is to generate well above hurdle-rate returns, to make sure that our investments are very disciplined and driven by a net present value framework to the absolute most rigorous extent possible, and be sure that we are really obsessive guardians of capital, and in the end, distributing capital to our shareholders. So that's a long answer to your question, but I'm glad you asked because increasingly digital is who we are, and it's where the leverage is.
Sameer S. Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Terrific. Thanks, Rich. I appreciate the fulsome answer.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President-Global Finance: Thanks, Sameer, and thank you, everybody, for joining us on this conference call tonight. We thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Just a reminder, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Have a great evening, everybody. Thanks.
Operator: And that concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co. Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Thanks very much, Jennifer, and welcome, everyone to Capital One's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2015 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve Crawford.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jeff. For the first quarter Capital One earned $1.2 billion or $2 per share and had an average return on tangible common equity of 15%. On a continuing operations basis we earned $1.97 per share. Net income was up $154 million driven by higher pre-provision earnings and lower provision expense versus the prior quarter. Pre-provision earnings increased by $69 million versus the prior quarter as lower revenue was more than offset by lower marketing and operating expenses. Provision for credit losses decreased on a linked quarter basis driven by a smaller allowance billed and lower charge-offs versus the previous quarter. Turning to slide four, I'll briefly touch on net interest margin. Reported NIM decreased 24 basis points in the first quarter to 6.57%. The quarter-over-quarter decrease was primarily driven by two fewer days to recognize income and temporarily higher cash balances. We don't expect any incremental margin pressure to meet the LCR since we're already above the fully phased in LCR requirements as of March 31, 2015. Turning to slide five, let me cover capital trends. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.5% as of March 31. On a fully phased in basis we estimate this ratio would be approximately 12.1%. We reduced our net share count in the quarter by 5.4 million shares or 1%, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions that began last April. Over the past year we have reduced shares outstanding by 24.9 million or 4%. We entered parallel run for Basel III Advanced Approaches on January 1 and we continue to estimate that we are above our 8% target. We were pleased with our 2015 CCAR results and believe they continue to demonstrate our strong commitment to return capital to shareholders. Our approved submission include a plan to increasing our quarterly dividend from $0.30 to $0.40 per share. In addition, our plan authorizes the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2016. Our long-stated preference for the focus of capital return continues to be in the form of share repurchases. And while investors can expect an ongoing ability to generate strong returns and a commitment to return excess capital subject to regulatory approval, investors should not infer a long-term commitment from our recent payout ratios. With that, let me turn it over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. And I'll begin on slide seven with our Domestic Card business. Loan growth accelerated in the quarter. Ending loans were up about 9% year-over-year and average loans grew about 7%. We continue to post strong growth and see goods opportunities in the parts of the market we've been focused on for some time. Purchase volume on general purpose credit cards, which excludes private label cards that don't produce interchange revenue, grew about 19% year-over-year. This growth was driven by the success of our rewards programs, increased new account originations across our card business, and credit line increases. Compared to the first quarter of 2014, revenues were up 7%, in line with average loan growth as revenue margin was stable. On a linked quarter basis, revenue margin decreased seasonally to 16.9%. Year-over-year non-interest expenses increased 2% driven by higher marketing, consistent with our return to loan growth. As expected, non-interest expenses decreased about 6% from the linked quarter with seasonal declines in marketing. Credit in the first quarter was stronger than expected. We experienced better than forecasted delinquency flow rates. The charge-off rate increased 16 basis points to 3.55%. The delinquency rate improved 35 basis points to 2.92%. As first quarter delinquency favorability rolls through to charge-offs, we expect quarterly charge-off rates in the lower end of our previously communicated mid-to-high 3% range, perhaps even getting into the low 3% range at the third quarter seasonal low point. The improvement in our outlook for Domestic Card credit drove a modest allowance release in the quarter. We also expect favorable credit to drive lower than expected past due fees, putting modest pressure on revenue. Longer term, our credit expectations are unchanged and are driven by growth math. As new loan balances season they put upward pressure on losses. While this impact on the charge-off rate is modest at first, we expect that the impact will grow throughout 2015 and beyond. We still expect growth math to drive quarterly charge-off rate to be in the mid-to-high 3% range in the fourth quarter and higher from there in 2016. In addition, while this quarter shows that we may not have allowance builds every quarter, we expect growth to drive allowance additions going forward. Our Card business remains well positioned to deliver growth with attractive and resilient returns. Slide eight summarizes first quarter results for our Consumer Banking business. Ending loans were up about 1% from the prior year. Growth in auto loans continues to be offset by expected mortgage run-off. Auto originations increased about 10% year-over-year driven by strong auto sales and deepening relationships with our existing dealers. Consumer Banking revenue was up 1% year-over-year driven by growth in auto loans. Revenue continues to be pressured by persistently low interest rates on the deposit business, declining mortgage balances, and margin compression in auto. Provision for credit losses grew $66 million to $207 million, driven by a change in allowance. In the first quarter of last year we had a modest allowance release. In the first quarter of this year, growth in auto loans and normalizing auto credit drove an allowance build. Our Consumer Banking businesses are delivering solid performance in the face of continuing industry headwinds. Persistently low interest rates will continue to pressure returns in our deposit businesses, even if rates begin to rise in 2015. In our auto business, we've been experiencing normalization of both credit and returns from once in a lifetime levels coming out of the great recession. Credit performance is gradually worsening in the industry and we see slightly higher losses on newer originations. We've been cautious on industry underwriting and competitor practices for some time. As a result, our subprime originations have been essentially flat for nearly two years. In the first quarter, we observed increasingly aggressive underwriting practices by some competitors, particularly in subprime. We are losing some contracts to competitors who are making more aggressive underwriting choices. And used vehicle values remain at historically high levels. A decline in used car prices would put pressure on our results, but we assume lower prices in our underwriting, so we remain comfortable with the resilience of the business. Despite our heightened caution, we will continue to pursue opportunities in auto lending that are consistent with our long-standing focus on resilience including adding new relationships with well-qualified dealers and gaining greater share of prime originations with existing dealers. Moving to slide nine, I'll discuss our Commercial Banking business. Ending loan balances increased about 10% year-over-year with most of the growth in specialized industry verticals, in C&I and CRE. As we've been signaling, our year-over-year growth is slowing compared to prior years in response to market conditions. Loan balances declined modestly from the linked quarter as we've seen some slippage in industry underwriting standards in pockets of the market. Revenues increased 13% from the prior year driven by growth in average loans as well as increased fee income from agency multi-family originations. These factors were partially offset by loan yields which declined 25 basis points compared to the prior year driven by increased competition. Non-interest expenses were up 7% from the prior year as a result of growth in our portfolio and continuing infrastructure investments. Provision for credit losses increased $28 million in the quarter to $60 million. The provision in the quarter was primarily driven by an allowance billed for our $3.6 billion of loans to the oil and gas industry driven by the impact of lower oil prices. We remain highly focused on managing credit risk and working with our oil and gas customers. Through Hibernia we've been in this business for more than 50 years through multiple cycles. 96% of our loans are secured and 73% are shared national credits. Our largest exposure is in exploration and production in which we benefit from holding loans at the top of the capital structure and is counted in collateral values. Many of our borrowers are least partially hedged against falling oil and gas prices. Our second largest exposure is in oilfield services in which our customers face greater downstream challenges as E&P companies cut back in response to low asset prices. We're working through these issues on a customer-by-customer basis. We are also a lender in the Taxi Medallion Finance industry, with a small portfolio of less than $1 billion in loans. Medallion values have softened because of increased competition from new entrants like Uber. We continue to closely watch this sector. Overall, commercial charge-offs, non-performing loans, and criticized loans remain strong. While we continue to closely manage credit risk, we don't expect these levels to be sustainable through the cycle. Our Commercial Banking business remains well positioned to navigate a challenging environment in which intense competition continues to put pressure on growth, margin and returns. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on slide 10. Capital One posted strong results in the first quarter. We're delivering attractive risk adjusted returns today, and we expect that will continue. For the full year of 2015, we expect growth in revenues driven by growth in average loans. As you can see in our Domestic Card business, we are experiencing very strong growth. And in this window, we are likely to increase marketing to take advantage of the opportunities we see to help sustain the current trajectory. While growth opportunities would drive long-term value creation, the higher marketing and the higher operating expense of additional volumes will put pressure on efficiency ratio. As a result, we are likely to be in the higher end or possibly modestly above the 53.5% to 54.5% efficiency ratio range excluding non-recurring items. We're managing costs very tightly across our businesses to stay within the range, but we will also strive to make the right business choices to drive long-term value as growth opportunities unfold through the year. Pulling up, our strategic priorities for 2015 have not changed, and we remain focused on the levers to create value and sustain strong performance. We'll continue to pursue growth opportunities. We'll maintain our long-standing discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our preemptive focus on resilience. We'll manage costs tightly while we invest to grow, be a digital leader, and continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. And we'll actively work to return capital to shareholders, as capital distribution remains an important part of how we expect to deliver value to our investors. And now, Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Jennifer, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go first to Ryan Nash from Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Hi. Just wanted to follow-up on the update to the efficiency. I think you guys came in at roughly in the middle this quarter. And I was just wondering, Rich, can you give us a little bit more clarity on how we should think about the incremental costs that you need to spend on marketing and how it flows through to loan growth? How long of a lag should we see on growth? And then I'll have a follow-up.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ryan, our initial guidance on efficiency ratio, we did I guess three quarters ago. We updated it for the dramatic changes in interest rates. And over this period of time, there have been – we have constantly responded to the growth opportunities we see in the marketplace. We've continued to invest to capitalize on those opportunities, and we've continued to refine our forecast, if you will, of what are the actual growth numbers that we think will come in the near term. And kind of the byproduct of all those moving pieces has been – leads to my commentary on the efficiency ratio. I mean, the bottom line is – to grow we need to spend money. We believe this is a very, very important window of opportunity, and we're taking action to capitalize on that and along the way working very hard to manage sort of one minus, the cost of that, and keeping our investors posted along the way.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then just following up on your outlook on credit. You talked about a mid-3%s charge-off with the exit run rate closer to the mid-to-high 3%s. How should we think about the impact on the provision if loan growth is sustained at these levels? Should we expect the provision to track charge-offs and then build for – and then have a subsequent build for loan growth? And then just related to that, Rich, you commented that it continues to increase as we move into 2016. At what point do we actually start to see the charge-offs leveling off?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: So let me take the provision. There's obviously two parts of provision. There's a charge-off component and then there's what happens in your allowance. So you have one piece of that already in the charge-off guidance, but that charge-off guidance in and of itself is also a contributor to what's likely to happen to allowances. So let me back up for a second because I know this is a continuing question and just try and give a little bit more help. At the highest level, we build our card allowance, and actually it's not too different anywhere, but let's talk about our card allowance off of three different things: what the loan balance is at the end of the period; what our charge-off forecast would be over the next 12 months; and then there are qualitative factors which really cover the risk that are not captured by models. So if you're really trying to model the allowance in future quarters, you're going to need to make assumptions on all of those, the growth rate and the assumption for loans. And remember if you're not doing a year-over-year growth rate, you've got to think about the seasonality because they can run off in different ways. Next you also would need to however – whenever you want to forecast that for the balances, look at what charge-offs are over the next four quarters after that. And then with regards to our qualitative factors, they've been about 10% to 15% in benign periods but they can vary pretty significantly if you're entering or exiting a credit cycle. So I'm trying to give you a little bit of a picture of why small movements and assumptions can create swings in a quarter which end up being meaningful. And the most impactful of the three assumptions is really the net charge-off rate and just looking at this on a static basis with our current loan balances of $74 billion, a 15 basis point change in loss rate in a quarter, all other things being equal would drive $100 million change in allowance. As Rich talked about, in the first quarter we experienced better than expected delinquencies and flow rates. So the starting point for our next 12 months loss forecast has shifted down and as a result we had allowance releases. Had that not happened, growth would have actually probably driven allowance builds. So going forward it's a combination of growth and our expectations for loss that suggest that we're going to need allowance builds. But it's really hard to go a lot further than that given all the factors that I've been through. Hopefully that helps Ryan, in the way you think about constructing what could happen to allowance.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ryan, and then in terms of the trajectory of losses, it's interesting, you may remember last year we flagged at this time kind of a similar phenomenon that we saw this year that better than expected flow rates and then just seeing those flow rates kind of mechanically, we put a – given the six-month window that we have, that we can watch delinquencies flow into charge-offs, you can see that we've adjusted our projections for that six-month window. You may remember last year that this phenomenon that we saw around this time last year in the latter part of the year we said we saw most of it dissipate. So we are not assuming that this changes the outlook for the end of the year or beyond, and if that changes, obviously we would – if this phenomenon sustains itself, obviously we would adjust that. So we are here today with the same kind of outlook that we had last time we were talking to you and it is just very clear that the growth math and you can see the pretty dramatic growth numbers that we have, the growth math just pretty much has to carry the day. And that's why we're looking to the fourth quarter as still the mid-to-high 3% range, and then we are saying and then 2016 would be up from there. And we're saying up from there just again by the vintage math of growth. And all of this is in the context of a kind of unique time in the industry and for Capital One where most of our customers that we have right now on our book, they weathered the great recession and are very low-risk and I think exceptionally resilient. So it's pretty much anything we book moves the numbers up from here. We feel great about the credit quality of what we're booking but the growth math is just very inexorable in that sense. Now you asked the question: when will this level off? We are reluctant to be predicting something that's going to have a lot of factors driving that when we get there. But I think our point is that 2016 will be a year of rising charge-offs off of the trajectory with which we leave 2015 just because, again, the accumulated math of the vintages of the new business that we're booking.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to Bill Carcache from Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. Rich, I was hoping that you could update us with your current thinking on the strategic importance of the international credit card business and perhaps talk about its growth outlook. And maybe tie in reports this quarter that Capital One was cutting its credit card rewards in the U.K. and how that may influence how you're thinking about it.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Bill, first of all, I want to say that most of you may be aware that in both the UK and in Canada, there have been regulatory-based moves to lower interchange. Neither of our businesses there, particularly our UK business are highly dependent on purchase volume for the economics of the business. So I don't think this will have a big impact on our particular overall economics even though it's an important move in the marketplace. Already a number of issuers have come out in response to the lower interchange rates in the UK and have notified their customers that future rewards will be at a lower rate. I think that's pretty natural in a tight margin business, and the rewards business is a very tight margin business with the interchange and the high payment of reward benefits. That's pretty natural market phenomenon and we already see that going in the UK. Interestingly, there's been some pushback and noise on the consumer side because consumers really do like their rewards and I think we should all take note that even in a country where the rewards rates are lower, there is some pushback there, and I think it's a reminder that in the U.S. consumers who are enjoying higher rates of rewards are pretty vocal for us, for the preservation of these benefits.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you, Rich. That's very helpful. I appreciate that commentary. If I may ask a bit of a high level question on what we're seeing in the partnership business. The view I believe I've heard you express in the past is that you like the partnership business, but that your optimism is somewhat tempered by the fact that contracts come up for renewal every five years or so and the potential exists for outsized profits to get competed away in that process. I know I'm paraphrasing, but that's the sense I've gotten from your commentary. But there are others in this space who are expressing a bit more of an optimistic view on partnership businesses and kind of taking – talking about how the thing that they're most focused on is how their merchant partners are looking for them to help them drive incremental sales growth and they talk about how their pipelines are very strong. And so I guess the question then is what do you think is driving these differences in views that some folks in the partnership business are a little bit more optimistic in their outlook and that's it? Thank you very much.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, thank you, Bill. First of all, I think in many ways it's all relative and relative to what. So as one who built this company initially on a direct to consumer model one customer at a time, you have seen the long history and current performance of that business, and it a little bit spoils me relative to pretty much everything else in the banking business. And I kind of start from there for my calibration. And frankly, the big difference between – as you said, between the regular direct to consumer credit card business and the partnership business is the holding of auctions that happens on average every five years. And that tends to, all other things being equal, be quite a mitigator in terms of some of the upside potential. So many of my comments have been just that calibration. The partnership business is a very interesting and intriguing one to me and for a lot of the reasons that you cited, others are talking about. As you know, the retailing business, for example, is in massive strategic turmoil. And the impact of digital and the need for retailers to reinvent themselves is an extraordinary in many ways kind of existential kind of imperative. And I think that companies like Capital One that are doing very significant investments in digital and in mobile and in not just the customer experience associated with that, but all the underlying infrastructure that is behind what it takes to actually innovate in digital, companies like ours I think are in a very good position to partner with retailers and help them strategically and actually in terms of real product innovation and execution in that transformation. So we are also investing in that opportunity and we have partners with whom we're working right now on some pretty cool digital innovations. And so look, that's one reason I like the space a lot. It's also such a natural sibling to our regular branded business. But what we're doing is we're – how do we deal with sort of this overhang of the auctions? We just make sure that we never say we have to win no matter what. We go out there. We're selective relative to making sure these are great companies we're working with, companies that are in the partnership business with us for the right reason, where it's really motivated to build a franchise and not just for the making of near-term money that sometimes comes at the sacrifice of customer practices. And finally selectively where the ultimately the price of the deal is something where both parties can win.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Thank you. I guess I got a question on credit quality again. So the seasoning math was supposed to impact 2015 and I guess now it's not. So what's really driving that better performance? Is it fuel prices or something else? And I have one follow-up after that.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sanjay, I think in the very near term there is – as we grow, there is some what we call a speedboat effect that growth in the near term sort of has a depressive effect a little bit before it inexorably raises the charge-offs some months down the road, but that's really a small effect. I mean mostly what – essentially what we're talking about here is something that we've seen on not infrequently over, for me, the 20-year history of being in this business, is that from time to time we notice that all our flow rates, our delinquency flow rates move in a similar direction all at one time. And usually when this happens, there's not necessarily an explanation for it. Often we're able to go back later and tie it back to economic data that comes out later and so on. Now this is not a huge effect. I don't want to get carried away. I've seen much bigger effects in other times. But because we have actually gone out to give sort of quarterly guidance, all we're saying is coming in better than the quarterly guidance in the relatively near term relative to when we did it just relates to better than expected flow rates without having a perfect explanation there's probably some general economic effect that is going on. But then our most important point is that we don't necessarily see any evidence that this should change our longer term view about the trajectory and magnitude of the charge-off we're talking about.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. Understood. And then the follow-up question is just I want to make sure the expense take-up on the guidance, that's just more opportunistic spending, right? And to the extent that you're being opportunistic, can you just about where those opportunities are? Thanks.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: The opportunities, we are – gosh, the more things change, the more they stay the same. For a long period of time, Capital One, well, pretty much always in our history, we have always been one to invest in growth opportunities. The investments begins by investing in innovation, in testing, in brand building, and in creating and looking for opportunities. We're real students of the windows of opportunity. And then when we see them, we tend to seize them because we've also learned markets continue to move. So that's the phenomenon that's going on here. Where we are seeing the growth opportunity is pretty much in our branded book across the board where we are investing. And we are pretty much investing in all places other – as we've talked about – other than high balance revolver. So pretty much one minus that is where the opportunities are happening there. And they're a byproduct, again, of a lot of work over the years, behind the scenes and investing in things to be in this position. But there's something that still requires us to invest quite a bit in marketing and the associated cost of growth as the opportunities continue.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Rick Shane from JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks guys. You talked a fair amount about the provision on the credit card side. I'd like to talk a little bit more about the provision on the commercial side, which you'd sort of talked about some of the qualitative factors that drove the increase in provision, but I'd like to relate it back to Steve's comment about how you think about reserve levels. Obviously, this quarter we saw a pickup in provision, pretty substantial without any deterioration in credit. Obviously, that's forward-looking related to what you see going on in the oil patch. I'm curious if there're specific credits within the portfolio that you've already identified as particularly at risk, or is this just a generic reserve related to the qualitative factors Steve talked about?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Well, the comments that I was making were really directly off of card. But let me address commercial. As Rich said, that was really driven principally by energy. And if you think about that, it's a little bit of both. It's a little bit of specific credit observations. It's a little bit of trying to get ahead of what we see in the marketplace using our historical experience, developing a scenario and making sure that that's reflected in our provision and allowance as well. Those are the things that are really driving the number in the quarter. One of the things I would say is we're early in the cycle, but we're obviously trying to use the experience we have in energy to forecast what could happen.
Richard B. Shane - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And I'll bootstrap a follow-up question a little bit. Are you seeing anything on the consumer side in the oil patch that has you concerned at this point as well?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. When we look at geographical segmentations of where there is the greatest oil-related activity in those more local markets, we do see a tick-up in some of the consumer credit metrics that you would expect. Nothing dramatic at this point, but it is visible in the markets that are most highly concentrated with respect to oilfield activity.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And we'll go next to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yes. Rich, you've been pretty cautious on subprime auto for a while now. It seems like your comments today are perhaps a little more cautious. And what do you think is driving the more aggressive lending, let's say, this quarter? Because it's interesting. Credit looks like it's actually gotten a little better in subprime. And is it the smaller players? Can you talk a bit about that?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Don, there are a lot of different practices people use in the industry and underwriting practices and we all use them on a sloped basis. So it's not like, well, there's a practice; we don't use that one or when do we require this kind of collateral or this kind of information for a particular loan? It is the intersection of the particular practices as it relates to a particular customer and the credit risk of that customer that has moved for some players. And it is not a universal thing. Some players have been more aggressive than others. And we just been around long enough to know the key thing is we very much have a culture around here: people don't live with growth targets at Capital One. We forecast growth when we think it's going to come, but people all know that job one is to raise your hand and flag when you see opportunities, and the most important thing is that we go after resilient business. We are flagging some of – yes, we've ticked up a little bit our commentary on this, although we have been talking for quite a while about it. We talked -- in many ways taken two different perspectives. Partly what we've said over time is just understand coming off a once in a lifetime, unique situation of incredibly tight credit and incredibly a conservative borrowers, some of the kind of loosening that's going out there would be in the category of normal reversion to the mean. Some of the stuff that we're flagging here would, I think, be on the other side of that. But on the other hand, this a not something where we're saying, oh my gosh, this is – you're going to see us just pull out of this thing. We still believe there is selectively very good opportunity for Capital One to go get the assets that we want and continue to build and even expand the number of dealer relationships that we have. But we wanted to just put the Street on increasingly on notice in the sense for this – that we're very carefully watching the practices, and we're going to make the choices that we make for resilience, and we hope that there're really in many ways two offsetting forces with respect to growth. We're clearly losing deals one customer at a time sometimes that we might have won in the past because others have moved farther in their underwriting. On the other hand, some of the innovations we have and the really sustained success in building deeper dealer relationships, moving up through their prime relationships and expanding dealer relationships is a force in the opposite direction that still generates growth. So the net effect of those two things will drive our results. You can see that, in general, subprime is where we have – you don't see that much growth going on anymore and most of it really has been in prime lately.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Yeah. And then what is the percentage mix over your recent card loan growth between existing and new accounts? And do you – in terms of the seasoning, I guess you see more of the seasoning impact on new accounts. Is that a fair assumption?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, the only seasoning that one would have on existing accounts – well, first of all, existing accounts always, the outstandings ebb and flow with people's spending and borrowing and just general kind of ambient activity. The only big mover on the existing file would be line increases and having been in sort of a brownout period for a couple of years with respect to line increases, as we said, getting back into line increases led to, if you will, sort of a surge of catching up for a second. We're on the slightly higher side of equilibrium probably at the moment, I would say, there. The seasoning of those is a different seasoning dynamic with respect to new business. The line increases tend to – all the economics of line increases have upfront – it's sort of upfront very good things, doesn't cost much to get them. There's no kind of spike of diabolical behaviors or anything. So what you tend to have is – and for a while people use their line to pay any obligations and so on. So what you have there is more of a steady, delayed sort of rise in charge-offs over time with that vintage. That is an important but minority part of the overall growth right now. It's an important minority, shall we say. The majority of the growth is coming from the origination side of the business or from recent originations and the very immediate credit line moves we might make relative to those. But I put that all in the category of originations. The vintage dynamics for that are very different. First of all, all the economics are upfront. You take all your pain. You've got your high cost to originate, the big allowance builds. There's even sort of a – the peak of charge-offs comes pretty early and then moderates over time so that sort of all the good news aspect of that thing happens over time. The majority of our growth is coming on the origination side, but there's a sizeable minority that is on the line increase side. And that's approaching an equilibrium now. It's on the high side of equilibrium.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great, thanks. Rich, you talked a little bit about the rewards in the UK coming down a little bit on tight interchange in the market. Could you talk a little bit about your outlook for the U.S. where rewards have generally gotten more aggressive and the like in the prospect of perhaps at some point seeing a higher interest rate environment and whether that will have any impact on the industry?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Sorry, Moshe. Repeat your question...
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah. Basically, you've had aggressive rewards competition. It's been increasing both on a co-branded and also just even on cash back and mileage type programs. The question is, does that turn around? Does it turn around if interest rates start to move up when profitability on a customer who's basically using the card like a charge card would go down?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well, Moshe, you're talking about a sector that, as long as I've been around it, has been pretty intensely competitive. Now it tends to be lopsided relative to a lot of competition from a small number of players and sort of modest involvement from everybody in the business. This rewards space is – certainly is still very competitive. And the recent manifestation of extra competition there has been, early spend bonuses have continued to rise. That's probably the most noteworthy thing. I think others in general have come out with products that are a little better than what they have for the existing books. So there's a little movement on product value and continued competition on early spend bonuses. So we have our eye on that. And of course the other place for the competition of course is just in the amount of marketing. And people are stepping up the amount of marketing as well. So overall, I would say there has been modest, pretty, pretty modest, now in the overall scheme of things, sort of increase in the intensity of competition there. Now you talk about – so in the context of all of that, as rates go up at some point, I think a sizeable increase in interest rates will probably have a fair amount of impact on that. I wouldn't expect modest interest rate changes to impact that too much. But I know, Steve, you've spent a lot of time thinking about this. What were you going to say...?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, just with respect to interest rates, three observations. First, when we book new accounts, we fund the balance, what we assume the balance is going to be, going forward. So there's not rate risk as you would say on the existing book. The rewards that we have are obviously that we're accumulating are expensed. And as Rich said, the underwriting that we do on the accounts does assume some stress level in the rate environment, so it's not booked based on current spot rates. So there's a lot of thought into the interest rate risk associated with the business.
Moshe Ari Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And just as a follow-up, any update on what you're seeing in your relationship with Costco in Canada? And if not now, when do you think we'd hear about that?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. We're excited about our new agreement with Costco. This was launched in September of last year. And of course we're the exclusive credit card issuer for the retail brand in Canada. This didn't, by the way, just didn't come with a portfolio acquisition. So this is really one that we're sort of, from scratch, working to build the customers. And as the first – in the first six months since the partnership launched, we're seeing pretty strong demand as Canadian consumers appear to be certainly very willing to take up what is a quite attractive MasterCard product.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Eric Wasserstrom from Guggenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Steve, if you wouldn't mind, can you just clarify what you meant in your comment about the payout ratio going forward just so I understand it in the context of what Rich concluded with in terms of the payout outlook?
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Look, we'd ask you to look more at our actions and our commitment to return capital over the last two years. I don't think you'll ever see us, certainly not in the near term, but my guess is probably ever committing to a payout ratio. The business is just – we'd like to retain the flexibility. And obviously, if opportunities arise or the economy changes, there can be a whole bunch of things that change. In the near term, you saw that this year our test improved a fair amount in terms of how the Fed looked at us, which was good news. And we hope things continue to move in that direction. But we can't be assured that that's the case. The other big uncertainty we've talked about and continue to have going forward is how CCAR and advanced approaches will come together. So there's just a whole bunch of reasons why we don't want people to lock into what we have done over the last two years and just assume that's the minimum going forward.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. So you're really just underscoring the need to maintain capital flexibility in light of competitive conditions and a continuously evolving regulatory environment.
Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer: Absolutely.
Eric Wasserstrom - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. All right. Thanks very much.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Bob Napoli from William Blair.
Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thank you. Just a question on growth and a follow-up on regulation. Just the – Richard, what do you expect, what are your thoughts on the growth rate of your credit card business? You've had very strong growth, accelerating growth, as you said, helped by credit line increases as well as your branded product. Are we done with the credit line increases? Are we going to continue to see an acceleration in that business? And – I mean your spend growth in the U.S. is pretty amazing compared to the industry. And I guess that's credit line-driven as well. So outlook for growth. And are we – which products, and are you near the end of the credit line increases?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, Bob, let me talk about the outstanding growth, to start with. That is being driven somewhat by line increases and also by the success of origination programs on, sort of across the various parts of – across all the parts of the business that we're investing in. So, on the line increases, I guess, my description was, we're on the higher side of equilibrium, but they're sort of approaching an equilibrium level. But we're probably on the bit – on the higher side of equilibrium there. On the spend side, that is – that's driven by – I mean you were kind of right where you're going in a sense. The spend is, yes, partly the success we have in the rewards programs we have, it's also people filling up their lines in a sense, either coming from line increases or a lot of new originations where people are starting to ramp up their spending there. So there's a number of things that have come together to make really quite extraordinary spend growth. And all of that I think is reflective of – if I kind of pull way up and just talk about our growth here for a second, the growth that you see here – and Bob, you've known Capital One for a long, long time. Our strong growth is really driven by the investments we've made in the last few years and the current market dynamics that represent a window of opportunity. And we're continuing to invest to try to sustain this trajectory. And I've just been around long enough to know that life's about windows of opportunity. And the way Capital One works is, when we see windows, we really do kind of go for it. We also, interestingly, if there's a reverse window, if you will, when we think market dynamics get in a kind of negative sense, we, a lot of times, exceed the market in the other direction, sometimes in pulling back. But this is one of those things where a number of things have come together and the byproduct of a lot of investment and opportunities, some digital innovation that's going on, and we'll capitalize on it as long as it lasts. We're reluctant to give a growth outlook because almost by definition, when you're growing at some of the kind of rates you've seen here, it's just hard to predict where things go from here. But we certainly are continuing to invest. And that's reflective in some of our comments about on the cost side.
Bob P. Napoli - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks. And just on regulation, are you seeing – are we getting near the end of the increase in regulatory costs? Do you have any sense that things are settling down? I mean you hired 5,000 people over the last year and there's a lot of investment, I don't know what – I mean how much has regulation pressured your business from an operating expense and operating perspective? And do you feel like maybe you could see the light at the end of the tunnel or not?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I don't think you could probably find a bank executive in the entire United States that would predict that the increase in regulatory costs has come to an end. So, Bob, I think there are some companies who have gotten themselves in a very complicated situation and are trying to rectify some sort of big, very public problems and things like that. I think for us, the philosophy that we take and look, the regulatory bar dramatically increases every year. And I mean every year including even the – the other day, I was giving a presentation to our associates and just listing within the last 12 years, a big, long kind of list of things that have sort of raised the bar in the past year. The approach that we're taking is to say let's try to seize this opportunity, seize the regulatory moment, not just to fill out a checklist and get our – all of our to-do requirements done, but to work backwards from what it takes to build a really dynamic, well-controlled company in the modern kind of era, if you will, and work backwards from that and make sure that what we're putting in is consistent with a dynamic company that can innovate and do a lot of things and also embrace the spirit behind so many of the regulatory requirements that the world is really expecting and demanding a very high level of execution. And we're going to try to step up to that bar. Along the way, the costs frankly keep going up, Bob.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good evening. Just had a question on some of the new partnerships that you've been announcing. I think you've done some work with innovative companies, like some of the firms out there on the West Coast and wanted to get a sense of how much your technology investment spend has helped you to be a leader and helped you to announce these kind of partnerships early on? I'm talking about what you recently announced with Uber.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So well, Betsy, first of all, with respect to external digital parties, there's a lot of manifestations of Capital One's commitment to digital. We've done a number of partnerships. We've done a number of acquisitions like Adaptive Path, Level Money, and things like that. We've done a number, a very large number of recruiting successes, including some pretty high-profile folks that we've brought in. One thing is absolutely clear and it's – and we believed this from the beginning, that every bank is going to need to transform itself. The digital revolution is changing banking on just about every dimension that you can imagine basically. It's changing what it takes to win in payments, in distribution, in marketing, in brand, foundational infrastructure, experience design, if you will, the way information is used. And in the end, that really means the role of talent is central to that kind of transformation. And so in the talent marketplace, in the partnership marketplace, I think these folks, you can't just go out there with a checkbook and say here we are. We're here to bring you into the fold. I think these folks look to see and they come in and kick the tires to say, is this a company that's bolting digital onto the side of a traditional bank? Or is this a company that is really, like in our case, trying to build a really leading information-based technology company, in a sense? And the key manifestations of that are inside the company. Are the leaders committed? Are they digitally fluent? Have they digitally reimagined their business? Are they bringing technology talent not just into some like place in IT in a sense, but is it really being brought right into the heart of the business and become sort of who you are? So when you heard me talk a lot about digital, it's just that this reminds me a lot of 20 years ago sort of building an information-based company. I'm incredibly excited and sobered by what it takes to actually really build an information-based technology company, and I really like our chances. And along the way, as we go on that journey, the more success we have there will correlate also with a lot of people from the outside saying, you know what? That is the kind of company that I think speaks our language and is one of us. And you'll see more of the kind of partnerships and successes that you alluded to.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: That's great. And just a follow-up on that is on – the impact on real-time payments. I know there's obviously a lot of work streams going on at the Fed regarding trying to move the payment system to be real-time settlement. I'm sure you've thought a lot about that and are working on that as well. I'm just wondering what kind of opportunities does that potentially give to you as real-time payments come to fruition.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, gosh, there's a lot of dimensions to that particular thing. It is ironic that the banking system is from stem to stern built on a batch basis. So you pretty much look at anything, and from the old direct mail stuff that Capital One and so many of us have done over the years, the whole way clearing works. And so – and really, while there are many, many aspects to the batch nature of this thing, right at the center is this irony that in a world that increasingly is going toward pure electronic payments, there's a massive kind of, oh yeah, lag in the end to make those things fully happen. Most banks – pretty much all of us banks have built middleware layered to, in a sense, simulate real-time, even in the context of a reality that's very much batch-based. I'm not sure that real-time payments will actually transform banking as much as a lot of people think it will. But the reality of when the world moves, if we pull up from real-time payments and clearing technically to the larger point of the world moving to such immediate interactivity and such a mobile world, the really dramatic transformation that's going to happen to banking is it's going to become real-time, far beyond kind of real-time payments. And I think that – I think banks are so, in a way, ill-suited to drive to that destination, yet the world will drive us banks there. I think that you kind of put your finger on something from a broader point of view that I think is at the heart of the whole reinvention of banking that is coming. It's just that for banks to get there, the banking system and for banks individually, there's a lot that that entails. And we're going to need to think more like technology companies and maybe a little less like banks.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today will come from David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Thanks. Just following up on that, what do you think it would cost in time and money to transform the company into a real-time entity?
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Capital One?
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I mean in some ways, I mean it's a lifelong, forever journey. This is not like we're going to say by next year, we're going to be real-time. I'm just saying, so from a journey for me that started 20 years ago and looking at the banking industry and saying in many ways this is really the information business, not necessarily just the traditional banking business. I'm saying the world has – it's very clear at the accelerating rate that the world is moving, the ability to – the dimensions of how information is leveraged, the real-time nature of information and the software revolution that has changed everything, the connected revolution here. Working backwards from that will be a lifelong journey, but I think that the companies that, for all of us, it will be gradual. But as we continue to leverage those opportunities, I think the difference between companies that are really taking advantage of that versus companies that are following the more traditional model, there will – in the end, this is going to translate, I think, into growth opportunities and economic differences and a number of things that are pretty significant. But this is something in a sense that is going to be a lifelong effort for banks like ours.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: But you think it will take a long time.
Richard D. Fairbank - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: In some sense, it'll probably take forever because the world's going to keep moving that fast. The main thing is that we already see the benefits of some of the things we've been investing in and some, one of the important drivers of some of the growth opportunities we have right now is coming from the digital innovation that we have spent a number of years doing.
Jeff Norris - Senior Vice President Global Finance: Well, thank you very much, everyone, for joining us on the conference call this evening and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – Investor Relations Stephen Crawford – Chief Financial Officer Richard Fairbank – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Moshe Orenbuch – Credit Suisse Matt Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities Don Fandetti – Citi Group Sameer Gokhale – Janney Capital Markets Ken Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW Rich Shane – JPMorgan Eric Wasserstrom – Gugenheim Securities Ryan Nash – Goldman Sachs Chris Donat – Sandler ONeill Brian Foran – Autonomous Research
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Becky, and welcome everyone to Capital One’s fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. If you want to access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we’ve included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2014 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll begin tonight with Slide 3. 2014 full year results reflect solid underlying performance across all of our businesses. Consistent with our expectations provided at the beginning of the year, 2014 pre-provision earnings were $10.1 billon. Net income grew 7% and earnings per share grew 10%. For the year, return on average tangible common equity was 15.8%. Our balance sheet remains strong with an ending common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 12.4%. And we reduced our common shares outstanding by 3%, reflecting our share buyback program that began in April. For the fourth quarter Capital One earned $999 million, or $1.73 per share. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.68 per share. Pre-provision earnings of $2.5 billion were down $125 million from the third quarter as higher linked-quarter revenues were more than offset by higher marketing and operating expenses, largely driven by seasonal and growth related cost and investments in our technology and regulatory agendas that we have highlighted for you over the past several quarters. Provision for credit losses increased on a linked-quarter basis as higher charge-offs were more than offset a smaller allowance build over the previous quarter. As you can see on Slide 4, reported NIM increased 12 basis points in the fourth quarter to 6.81%. Average interest earning assets were up quarter-over-quarter, driven by growth across our segments. Turning to Slide 5, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III Standardized basis was 12.4%, which reflects current phase-in. On a standardized fully phased-in basis, we were at a 11.4% in the fourth quarter. We reduced our net share count by 5 million shares in the quarter primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We expect to complete our previously announced $2.5 billion buyback program in the first quarter of 2015. We formerly entered parallel run for Basel III advanced approaches as of January 1, 2015 and we continue to estimate that our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was above our target of 8%. Regarding the LCR, as of year-end, we estimate that we are comfortably above the fully phased-in requirements for our consolidated company. With that, let me turn it over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Steve. I’ll begin on Slide 7 with our Domestic Card business, which delivered another quarter of strong growth in results. Ending loans were up about 6% year-over-year. Growth from the linked-quarter was also about 6%, stronger than typical seasonal growth. Continuing momentum in new account originations and credit line increase programs drove loan growth in the quarter. Purchase volume on general purpose credit cards, which excludes private label credit cards that don’t produce interchange revenue grew about 18% year-over-year. Revenue margin for the quarter decreased modestly to about 17.3%, consistent with normal seasonality. Revenue dollars grew 5% year-over-year in line with average loan growth. As expected non-interest expenses increased significantly from the third quarter. Strong growth opportunities drove higher marketing and operating expense increased to support loan and account growth, as well as our continuing investments to be a digital leader and meet rising industry regulatory requirements. Credit trends in the fourth quarter were inline with our expectations. Last quarter, we explained that the third quarter charge-off rate was unusually low. It was the seasonal low point for charge-off rate and also included the temporary benefit from better than expected delinquency rates in early 2014. In the fourth quarter charge-off rate increased 56 basis points to 3.39% about half of the increase resulted from expected seasonality and about half from normalization of the temporary delinquency favorability. The fourth quarter delinquency rate increased inline with normal seasonal pattern. Our expectations for the charge-off rate have not changed. We continue to expect the quarterly domestic card charge-off rate throughout 2015 to be in the mid-to-high 3% range. We expect normal seasonal patterns throughout the year, including an increase in the charge-off rate in the first quarter. In addition to seasonality, we continue to expect that loan growth will impact the charge-off rates. As new loan balances season, they put upward pressure on losses. While this impact on the charge-off rate will be modest at first, we expect that the impact will grow throughout 2015 and beyond. In addition to rising charge-offs, we expect loan growth to drive allowance additions. For the full year 2014, the biggest story in our domestic card results was the return to growth. Ending loans grew 6% and general purpose credit card purchase volume grew 16%. Revenues declined 5% driven by our choice to sell the Best Buy portfolio excluding the revenue impact of the portfolio sale full year 2014 revenues reflect inline with average loans. Non-interest expense declined 6% with lower operating expense partially offset by higher marketing. Lower operating expense resulted from tight cost management across the business. Lower acquisition related expenses taking out cost associated with the Best Buy portfolio and the absence of a non-recurring legal reserve that impacted 2013 expenses. Provision for credit losses improved modestly with lower charge-off rate offset by additions to the allowance. The rekindling of growth along with our continuing focus on delivering strong and resilient returns, enabled the domestic card business to post strong net income, while improving the quality of our franchise in 2014. Our card business remains well positioned. Moving to Slide 8. The Consumer Banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans were up about 1% from both the linked-quarter and the prior year. Growth in auto loans continues to be offset by expected mortgage run-off. Auto originations increased about 25% year-over-year driven by strong auto sales and deepening relationships with our existing dealers. Ending deposit balances were essentially flat compared to both the linked-quarter and the prior year. We’ve had an abundance of deposits since the ING Direct acquisition, and we’ve been allowing the least attractive deposits from Capital One’s legacy direct bank to run-off. On a linked-quarter basis, Consumer Banking revenue was up 2%. Non-interest expense increased $89 million, or 9%, from the linked-quarter, driven mostly by auto loan growth infrastructure in digital investments and higher marketing. And provision for credit losses increased $24 million from the linked-quarter driven by expected seasonal trends in auto charge-offs. For the full year 2014, revenues were down 3% driven by the impact of persistently low interest rates on the deposit business, declining mortgage balances, and margin compression in auto. Auto loan growth partially offset these negative revenue impacts. Full year non-interest expense was up 3% driven by auto loan growth and the change in the income statement geography of where we recognized auto repossession expenses. Full year provision for credit losses increased $47 million, or 7%, consistent with the gradual normalization of auto charge-offs and allowance builds for auto loan growth.  Full year 2014 trends show that our Consumer Banking businesses are delivering solid performance in the phase of continuing industry headwinds while our auto business remains well positioned. We remain cautious and continue to closely monitor pricing, underwriting practices, used vehicle prices and other competitor and market factors. Returns on new origination vintages are lower than returns in the overall auto loan portfolio but remain resilient and above hurdle. And in our retail deposit business, we expect that the inexorable impacts of the prolonged low rate environment will continue to pressure returns even if rates rise in 2015. As you can see on Slide 9, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of profitable growth. Strong loan growth continued in the quarter, although the pace of growth is slowing. Loan balances increased about 2% in the quarter and 13% year-over-year. Most of this growth is in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and CRE. Loan yield declined six basis points in the quarter and 59 basis points compared to the prior year, driven mostly by increased competition, lower tax equivalent yield and our choice to originate more variable rate loans. The declining trend in loan yield stabilized somewhat in the quarter. Revenues increased 5% from the third quarter and about 2% from the prior year. Year-over-year, higher loan volumes have been largely offset by declining yield. Non-interest expenses were up 4% from the prior year and 9% from the third quarter as a result of growth in our portfolio and continuing infrastructure investments. Provision for credit losses increased $23 million from the linked quarter to $32 million. Charge-offs, non-performing loans and criticized loans remained strong in the fourth quarter. The current levels of commercial credit results are exceptionally low and we continue to closely manage credit risk. For the full year, ending loans grew 13% and average loans grew 17%. Revenues grew 6% as volume growth was partially offset by declining yield. Non-interest expense grew a 13% moderately lower than the growth in average loans. Provision for credit losses increased $117 million from a negative $24 million to positive $93 million, driven entirely by the swing from allowance releases in 2013 to allowance builds in 2014. Our Commercial Banking business is well positioned to navigate current market conditions. While following oil prices, they are likely a positive for our consumer businesses. We’re closely monitoring and managing the potential impact of low oil prices on our $3.7 billion energy portfolio. And competition remains intense in the Commercial Banking business, pressuring margins and returns. It’s likely that the pace of our commercial loan growth will be slower in 2015, but we expect our Commercial Banking business will continue to deliver solid results. Pulling up, Commercial Banking is thriving at Capital One. The business has steadily and profitably grown to over $50 billion. We’ve built deep industry specialties and established great relationships with our commercial customers. I’ll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 10. 2014 was a strong year for Capital One. As Steve mentioned, we delivered 2014 pre-provision earnings of about $10.1 billion. We posted strong earnings. We strengthened our balance sheet. We returned to growth in our card business and continued to prudently grow our auto and commercial business. We improved the quality of our franchise and we returned significant capital to our shareholders. We’re poised to build on the momentum in 2015. Our expectations for 2015 include the impacts of the investments we’ve been discussing for several quarters. In our domestic card business, we see attractive marketing opportunities to drive future growth. Marketing efficiency, cost to acquire new accounts and the net present value of our marketing investments are strong. We’ll continue to invest to drive and support growth in loans, deposits, and account relationships across our businesses. We’re making significant investments in our foundational infrastructure and capabilities to be a digital leader. Banking inherently is a digital product and digital will transform banking over time. Capital One is well positioned to succeed in the digital world with our heritages and innovative information based company. We’re committed to deeply embedding digital in how we work, not merely faulting digital on to the side of our company. We’re also spending to continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. We’re enhancing our capabilities, infrastructure, and talent to deliver on the broad set of expanding regulatory requirements and meet increasing expectations for risk management and regulatory reporting. And we’re continuously improving processes for capital and liquidity management, including CCAR and the new LCR. Capital One is delivering attractive risk adjusted returns today and we expect that that will continue. We have the financial strength to invest in our future without compromising current financial results. Pulling all this together, in 2015, we expect growth in full year revenues driven by a growth in average loans. We expected full year marketing and operating expenses will both be higher in 2015 than they were in 2014. Let me turn to our efficiency ratio, specifically our expectations for the full year 2015 efficiency ratio. In July, we are articulating an expected range of 53% to 54% excluding non-recurring items. We’ve reaffirmed that range in October. Since then we’ve experienced a sizable adverse change in interest rates. As a consequence, we now expect full year 2015 efficiency ratio to be between 53.5% and 54.5% excluding non-recurring items. This change in range has driven entirely by the movement in rates. We don’t take this change in expectations lightly, but we don’t believe we should make long-term business decisions based on spot prices for interest rates. We continue to manage costs, very tightly across our businesses, while make our planned expenditures to drive growth, be a digital leader and continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. These expenditures are essential to our ability to deliver strong shareholder returns on a sustainable basis. We also expect that efficiency ratio will vary perhaps significantly from quarter-to-quarter based on factors such as day count, the timing of growth and associated revenues, and the timing of investments throughout the year. Pulling up our strategic priority for 2015 have not changed and we remain focused on the levers to create value and sustain strong performance. We will continue to pursue growth opportunities in card, auto, retail banking and commercial banking. We will maintain our longstanding discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our preemptive focus on resilient. We will manage cost tightly, while we invest to grow, be a digital leader, and we continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements, and we will actively work to return capital to shareholders as capital distribution remains an important part of how we expect to deliver value to our investors. And now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We’ll now start our Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session on the call, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call to answer them. Becky, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll take our first question from Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch: Great, thanks. Rich, could you talk a little bit about the competitive environment both in the kind of branded business and in the retail card business, maybe - so one of your competitors announced a portfolio acquisition today. Are there any - I mean any things you could kind of discuss in that area?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Moshe, the competitive environment in the card business, I would describe as - intense, but consistent and fairly rationale. Industry balances remain flat - I mean have been flat for quite a while. Now, we’re seeing a little bit of growth. Of course, there have been some increases in marketing levels with respect to direct mail. You can certainly feel in the reward segment in particular, especially in cash back products, a lot of competition and manifest itself in their version of teaser rates, which is early spend bonus offers. Long-term pricing in general has been stable in the segments that we compete in. And overall, well again, I think it is intense. I would describe this industry as pretty rationale and more, more stable than the other markets that we compete in most notably auto and commercial. You know that was a description of the branded card business. The partnership business, which as you know, Moshe, is sort of a deal flow business. The - as one who’s certainly been around the branded card business for more than a couple of decades, the most striking difference between these two businesses is the option nature of the partnerships. And that is the biggest factor that leads this business to have in my opinion on an apples to apple kind of basis, lower inherent returns, and the wildcard of the marketplace and the nature of sort of option prices that that exist in any point in time. That the - there are a number of partnerships that are sort of “up for grabs” in the marketplace. I would stress that one of the characteristics of this business is the significant majority of all partnerships actually sort of stay with the incumbent, but they certainly, go nonetheless most go through the RFP process. So there is fair amount of activity in this base and I'm struck by how competitive that is and certainly we’ve been to some auctions where people are stepping up and paying prices in excess of what we’re comfortable with, but certainly I would describe that as a pretty intensely competitive. And one that we’re going to stay very disciplined. That’s great.
Moshe Orenbuch: Just as a quick follow-up of that Costco Canada launched a couple of weeks ago for you guys, anything you can tell us about it?
Richard Fairbank: Well, we were very happy to win the Costco partnership in Canada and this of course is as you know a premier retailer with an amazing customer base VAC partnership. I think it’s off to a very good start, but that is very early days and the - but it’s a manifestation of the strategy that we have in the partnership business, which is to try to focus more on the sort of the premier players in the marketplace and that is where of course there is more intense competition to win these partnerships, but one that I think the players are more focused on really using these partnership card relationships as a way to really drive value for customers and that line is up exactly with the value that we think we can add.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell: Good afternoon, just I notice there was an absence in PP&R guidance although you did suggest that revenues would be higher in 2015 marketing and operating expenses would be higher in 2015. Would you be able to provide us some PP&R guidance or does it sound that like the revenue increase would offset the increasing expenses and therefore you would end up with about $10 billion again in pre-provision net revenue, but with higher loan loss provisions.
Stephen Crawford: Yes, Matt thanks for the question. We didn’t give you PP for specific reason. But what we did do is give you lot of the building blocks. First of all we’ve said that basically revenues are going to be driven by growth in average loans. We’ve obviously provided you an update on the efficiency ratio. And in addition, what we didn’t do last year, but have done this year is give you a sense for where charge-offs are going in our biggest business was in card. So we really are trying to provide kind of the major building blocks. The primary unknown for us is the ultimate growth that we’re going to experience in card, and that really contributes to almost every part of the income statement in an important way and it’s why we’re reticent to be as specific on a particular number as we were in prior years.
Matt Burnell: Fair enough. And then in terms of the U.S. bill business, you had - what appears to be stronger purchase volume in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis than many of the other domestic competitors. Although the interchange was a little bit, I guess, below our expectations. Is there some dynamic there that you can provide a little additional color on in terms of the growth in the spending, but somewhat lower growth in the interchange?
Stephen Crawford: Yes, Matt. First of all, I wanted to say that the net interchange metric can have quarter-to-quarter variability because it includes partnership contractual payments in international card. And we also periodically adjust our reward liabilities based on customer trends and redemption rates and things like that. But even beyond that variability and sort of - if you look past quarterly noise, the phenomenon you’re talking about is real and that net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth for Capital One, and we would expect this trend to continue. Our rewards programs have been and they continue to be very successful with of course flagship products like QuikSilver card, the Venture card, the Spark card for small business. We’re also building a long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards to customers and in many ways consistent with the industry extending rewards products to some existing customers, who don’t have rewards. And there is some near-term cannibalization when we do this, but it’s all part of building a stronger, deeper customer franchise. But the net effective all of this including leading with great flagship products, all of this contributes to that delta that we think will continue although to be a lot of volatility in that between purchase volume growth and interchange growth.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Don Fandetti with Citi Group.
Don Fandetti: Yes, thanks. Rich, I wanted to follow-up on the comments about the loan growth and the potential variability. It seems like you have sort of a general sense of where things would be headed in terms of the market, you know market share is - is the variability may be private label. Can you just talk a little about where you could go from here you are feeling like the 6% number, you could have upside?
Richard Fairbank: I think I learned a quite long ago that that when you have growth opportunities, trying to predict the growth rate at least from capital - the way we do business at Capital One is just something that’s not probably in anyone’s interest because just to reflect on how we make our decisions. As you know we’re a fanatical information based company and across all the segments and sub-segments we’re in. We are reading the data that is coming back and readjusting constantly our choices and so on. What you have seen from our commentary for a number of quarters now and this commentary even actually preceded when you started to see our growth numbers is that we believe we’re well positioned to for - to grow in ways that are right down the power alley of Capital One and the product of having invested for years to have this competitive position and this opportunity. That said I’ve been around the block enough to know that the market can change and most importantly competitive dynamics can change. So, what we do is try to share with you a general sense of and hopefully you can feel that reflected in the comments, the general sense of - about the opportunity. And I say yet again now and it’s been several quarters that I’ve been saying it is, I think we see a nice growth opportunity in front of Capital One. I don’t think we want to quantify this, but what we’re going to do is cease the opportunity as we have it. And then when does have opportunity if they change then we change accordingly, but this is why comments like we’re - marketing will be up and we think there are growth opportunities for next year that would be consistent. And in many ways my message and the feel is pretty similar to the message I’ve been saying for a number of quarters now.
Don Fandetti: Thank you
Richard Fairbank: Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital Markets.
Sameer Gokhale: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I was just curious in terms of the efficiency ratio, guidance. Again, if you could just clarify, have you assumed any sort of interest rate increase in the second half of 2015, I know other banks, some other banks have. So I was just curious about that. And then I had another follow on. Thank you.
Stephen Crawford: Yes. So, our interest rate forecast that we use is based on forward, so there are some modest increases in the second half that that we would have.
Sameer Gokhale: Okay, thank you. And then I was trying to think of the interplay between, say your consumer - and when I say consumer, I'm just thinking to catch you all in everything ex-commercial loans, but the efficiency ratio dynamics between your commercial lending activities of Commercial Banking versus Consumer Banking. I know many other regional banks have actually had significant pressure in terms of managing their efficiency ratio, primarily because of revenue pressures. And so I was curious from your standpoint, have you implemented any structural changes to try to bring the efficiency ratio down in the commercial bank? And how do you think of the interplay of commercial versus consumer? Are they moving in the right - in the same direction? Or one is offsetting the other? That would be helpful. Thank you.
Stephen Crawford: So Rich, I am sure you may want to add to this. I think the biggest thing that the industry has talked about with respect to the efficiency ratio is the rate environment. And how that impacts pretty much all of the businesses and I think you saw a lot of commentaries from a number of players that it would be difficult to improve their efficiency ratio if unless we had more of a normalization in the rate environment. And that plays out in the commercial and the consumer business probably more than it does in the card business.
Richard Fairbank: And then the other thing is that that effect efficiency ratio of course is what’s happening on the cost side, the investment side. And if you think about the drivers of our commentary about efficiency ratio and cost at the margin, one is growth opportunities. We have been stepping up increasingly, sort of, in the card business to invest because we see particular opportunities there. On the commercial side if anything our growth opportunity is decelerating because of the choices that we’re making in response to market conditions, but those are factors that we’ll play out over time. The regulatory costs are pretty much all across the enterprise and that’s going in only one direction and I’d be pretty surprised if over the next few years there’s any forces that would move those cost pressures in the opposite direction. And finally, the investments in digital. And while digital is a big opportunity across consumer and commercial, certainly on a relative basis, I think, the revolution is going to be greater on the consumer side and it’s literally going to transform all aspects of how banking is done, it’s going to transform not only if people often think through the lens of the customer experience, but really the whole way - the way retail distribution works, the way operations, marketing, servicing and even something that’s very, very core to how Capital One works, which is information-based strategies itself. So this is a big deal on the commercial side, its pretty much a revolutionary deal on the consumer side.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Bruce: Thank you, good evening. I guess I would - trying to maybe reconcile between some of the comments that you’re making around auto and still what is a very strong origination business for Capital One. Can you just give us some understanding as to how you believe you’re navigating what is increasingly a very intensely competitive part of the marketplace?
Richard Fairbank: So Ken, our - we’ve been saying the same things for quite a while about the auto business and the sort of started with our comments for some for many of the years right after the great recession started raging, which is, we went into this kind of - I don’t think it’s exaggeration to call it sort of once in a lifetime kind of confluence of events that led the auto industry, both from the growth and from a kind of returns and credit point of view to be absolutely exceptional. And most of what we have seen happening since then is sort of a regression more toward normal if you will. And so, what’s happened, I think, for Capital One and certainly for other players is with each passing quarter, the intensity of the commentary that people in the business make is increased. But if we pull way up that we don’t see things that are - would cause us to have great alarm about the business, but what we see is just on the pricing side increased pressure. Although, that stabilized when I look at prime and subprime that stabilized more recently, but frankly in the prime space at a below kind of cycle, little bit below cycle norms, so things are very a tight there. The subprime space it’s been steadily declining a little bit stable of late. On the underwriting side, the most noteworthy place that there has been any risk expansion has been in terms of and there’s been significant growth of the over 72 month loans. But still things likes LTVs, which is probably the single most important variable, have remained certainly on the prime side stable and healthy on the sub-prime side moderately increasing, but well below sort of pre-recession levels. So more the way I would characterize this auto business, is that we just have to stay very, very vigilant and what I find is we - our choice is sort of one dealer and one deal at a time end up with the growth moderating in sub-prime for example sub-prime has been flat at Capital One, I think for in originations for about I’m guessing since 2011, I think it’s been pretty flat, so that essentially all of the growth in origination has been on - near prime and especially the prime side. So I think that’s a manifestation of our reaction to the marketplace and continuing to pursue opportunity where it is prudent and where we can build deeper dealer relationships. But I would say the important thing I want to link with you is while even new originations you can see have pound-for-pound kind of a bit higher credit risks than some of the exceptional stuff of the past. The business that we are originating, we still feel is well above hurdle and we like the opportunity.
Ken Bruce: Okay and just a follow-up, in terms of your guidance on credit card charge offs it seems that really what you’re seeing is that just the seasoning of that some of the recent growth is going to have an upward bias on the loss rates that you’re not really witnessing deterioration in terms of the underlying portfolio.
Richard Fairbank: Absolutely, absolutely. Well, let me just talk a little about the credit situation in the card business. First of all, it feels to us as pretty much exactly the same as when we talked about this a quarter ago. But just to put this in perspective, card credit has been exceptionally strong over the past few years. And our portfolio has benefited from the improving economy and a generally more disciplined consumer. And our back book which is made up mostly of customers who weathered the great recession. That continues to show exceptionally low risk and is very resilient. We see great opportunities for resilient in new business, but from the starting point of our highly seasoned back book most new business will have higher losses. So the credit performance of our new originations and our credit line increases has been strong and in fact it’s meeting in well - it’s is meeting and some cases even exceeding our expectations in a good way. And since we returned the growth I’ve been emphasizing that these new loan balances season, they will start putting upward pressure on cards overall charge-off rate and this impact is going to be modest at first, but we expect it to grow through 2015 and beyond. And we’ve been growing in the segments, we’ve always been focused on, we continue to avoid the segments that we think lack resilients, even if they have quite nice returns in today’s environment. And that is really the essence of our credit story and we wanted to make sure that people exactly understand what is the dynamic that is leading charge-offs to increase. But back to the original question that you asked, this is not driven by a worsening of credit performance of the existing book or anything like this, it’s really the by-product of our ceasing of growth opportunity and sort of the vintage math of that.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Thank you. I guess, the question on the revenue margin assumptions for 2015, I guess implicit in your revenues are going to grow with average loans is flattish revenue margin is that a fair statement?
Stephen Crawford: Talking about card?
Sanjay Sakhrani: A consolidated.
Stephen Crawford: Yes, plus or minus I think that’s right. We’ve got card obviously is a big contributor of the run-off of home loans is a positive on the other side. We’ve talked for a while about compression in auto and commercial and the biggest kind of unknown is what happens for the rate environment overall. So you put those on the mix master our best guess right now is relatively stable.
Sanjay Sakhrani: Okay. And then a second question following-up, Rich, you mentioned kind of the impact of lower fuel prices on consumer, I mean how do you factor that into your guidance for next year as charge-up. I mean, does that marginally benefit that ratio? And then just - I’m sorry, one quick data point question, Steve, if you could help out of tax rate for 2015? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: So, let me do this the easier one first, our tax rate will be, if you look at the tax rate for the year, our best guess is, it will be plus or minus to the tax rate that we experienced for the year in 2014.
Richard Fairbank: Sanjay, I can only just to speak intuitively about the gasoline price impact obviously as we kind of hard to measure at this point. One reason it’s hard to see is of course the sharpest drops in gas prices have been just over the past three months. And any credit benefit from falling gas prices is going to be really hard to disentangle from other economic effects. But it’s just clear that falling gas prices translates into equivalent of a wage increased from most households. I do want to caution though that the flip side is the same low gas prices may be economic stress and geographics that are heavily depended on the economic, I assume on the energy sectors so we’ll have to keep that in mind. But just intuitively I think you have a pretty good net positive for consumers overall. We are not putting any of that into our own projections but it’s clearly something we are going to start to see if we can measure it. But most likely I think it’s going to be embedded in an overall economic performance.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Rich Shane with JPMorgan.
Rich Shane: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. This is a little bit assertoric, but I’m curious if there was any change in policy related to funds transfer pricing at the consumer bank either in terms of rate that you will apply or balances?
Richard Fairbank: Short answer is no. My guess is the reason for the question as you are looking at the other part of our income statement and the change year-over-year and the biggest driver there was treasury, I mean there are other things in there as well, we’ve corporate items that run through that tend to be lumpy but the biggest year-over-year change was treasury. And there were several reasons for the improvement in treasury in 2014 including change in rates, hedging actions we took in 2014 to manage the risk, rate risk in our balance sheet and improved securities yield because of slower run-off. And to our couple of one time items in there too we had roughly $70 million of expenses for redeeming our preferred issuance in 2013 that we didn’t in 2014. The one thing we did do a little bit along the lines of what you’re talking about is with LCR coming on. We continue to refine the way that we charge our businesses for the liquidity that they use. So we were passing out more liquidity cost of the business, really consistent with things like LCR.
Rich Shane: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Stephen Crawford: Yes.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with Gugenheim Securities.
Eric Wasserstrom: Thanks very much and good evening. I’m - Rich in the past, you’ve highlighted some of the areas in which you are also seeking cost savings. I think vendor relationships is one that’s been mentioned and I think there were few others. So I was wondering if you could just update us on the progress on those initiatives and whether all of that benefit gets reinvested or whether some of it gets manifested into earnings?
Richard Fairbank: Eric, there are a number of areas that we - well, first of all, across the board we’ve been working incredibly hard on expenses for a long time. And this is of course in the context of headwinds that that are pushing things so hard in the other direction. And you can see over the - starting it well the second half of 2012 and through 2013 and 2014. The trajectory of operating expense and of course some of that comes from deal related expenses that sort of automatically happened. We’ve also worked hard to make sure that we get the synergies we talked about and the deals and drive out the integration costs and things like that. Also though other big areas of focus have been the area of procurement and we always sort of worked hard at that, but by building a big centralized and almost the whole science of that in making it have the feel almost like a line of business has been something that’s even exceeded our own expectations. And we pretty rigorously measure not just, what talking to ourselves about how things are better, but really a before and after of kind of thing. And that that has led to some tangible - I mean, pretty sizable, tangible benefits. Another area that of course should generate increasing benefit is in digitization. So a lot of the impacts of digital are really sort of hard to measure and it really relates to the way we work, but things like going paperless, driving people away from some of the more expensive channels into the digital channels and some of the transformation in terms of marketing to be more online and so on. These have facts that that we measure and they - the numbers are starting to grow. The on digital - just take digital itself that is a net trade that has costs a lot higher than benefits at the moment, in terms of what you can purely measure because we’re investing heavily in digital and all of our in - there is almost nothing that we’re investing in digital where the primary objective is to save money. This digital transformation is such a comprehensive revolution. It really allows for things to be faster and way better for the customer, a better associate experience, much better controlled from a compliance point of view, more scalable and yes, lower cost. So right now, one of the important net negative trades is what's happening on just the pure cost side with respect to digital. By the way, the overall economic benefits of digital, I would argue that an important reason that we’re on the growth trajectory, we’re on in the card business is in fact because of our digital success not only in terms of the customer experience, but really in things like how we do marketing and things like that. So this will - I believe the long-term pay off of the digital investment is going to be very significant. In the near-term from the cost line, this is going to be a negative trade. And, of course, the investment in the regulatory thing is a very substantial and of course we know which direction those things are moving. And the other thing, on the cost side, of course, is the investment in growth itself. And there the biggest number is of course marketing, but there’re also operating cost that that go along with that as well. And as you know Eric that’s our highest priority for our own expenditures, is to make sure that we’re investing in our own growth and those investments will continue. So net-net one minus all of that needs to be just, there’s kind of a fanatical multi-year quest to bring out every single penny that we can and all of that is and that’s out in this number that I am sure some people look at and say well, with all the growth and all the digital somehow shouldn’t that be lower.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash: Hi, good evening, guys. Just first on the card reserve, this is second to your core, I think, provisions did come in a bit higher than some of us were sort of expecting and just given your outlook from mid-to-high three [ph] U.S. card charge-offs, how should we think about the reserve on top of charges? Steve is there a target of 13 months forward how do we think about the right level that you guys manage the reserve to.
Stephen Crawford: So I’d go back to what Rich was talking about on credit, because that’s really the driver of our reserve and it’s not as simple, nor would ever be as simple, we take 13 months of anything. It’s actually looking at loss content in our portfolio. And there are two things that are really going on, one is the growth that we’ve talked about and unless you assume growth as zero losses adding growth will drive up need for allowance. The second piece of it is a little bit of the mix movement that Rich talked about from an incredibly low and resilient back book to a very much expected but higher loss front book. And as that becomes more of the equation that is going to drive up the loss content, which ultimately is reflected in allowance. It’s not a matter of not wanting to be helpful to actually give you a sense as to where allowance would end up. We have to accurately forecast 24 moths of losses and 12 months of balances and that’s better than frankly anybody has been able to do and we think we are pretty good at looking how credit evolved. So we’re not trying to do difficult that just out beyond particularly your delinquency low rates. I think it’s very hard to predict credit from a quarter-to-quarter basis. So in general, one can think a little bit about how the balances are growing as being the first factor and a trend rate in losses being a second factor, but even that’s not enough, because our balance growth quarter-to-quarter has a seasonal component, right. So the fourth quarter uptick that you see isn’t necessarily going to last throughout the entire year. So we’re actually trying to figure out, which of those components are going to be more lasting. So there’s a whole bunch of things going in there, but I think you can see since we expect growth going up, since we’ve talked about losses going up, there’s going to be more need for allowance going forward.
Ryan Nash: Got it, and Steve, Rich talked a lot about the digitization. Can you size for us, how big these costs are and over what timeframe and we’ve seen a lot of other banks try to self-fund a lot of these investments and to what extent do you think you can self-fund these? And I guess just related to the near-term, can you at least commit to PP&R growth in 2015?
Stephen Crawford: Well, look I think we said we expect to grow revenue and we expect our efficiency ratio basically to be flat to a little bit down on a GAAP basis. So I withdraw conclusion from that that we expect PP&R to grow. We’ll leave it more up to you as to buy how much. We’re not going to go through and kind of evaluate how much of the spend is digital. I think we’re trying to do a whole bunch of things here, deliver very good returns in the near-term, but also make sure we can do that for the next 20 years. And as we try and set our priorities, it’s kind of cognizant of both factors. And so far we think we’ve done a pretty good job in managing that and plan on continuing to going forward.
Richard Fairbank: Let me just add to that that I want to go back to a comment I made before and some other banks may feel differently about this, but I think it may also manifest what we’re trying to achieve here. I think in the long run, there is going to be very significant cost benefit from all these digital investment. But the biggest benefits and the reason we’re doing it is in almost all cases not for that reason. And what I most excited about is actually the opportunities to generate growth and to generate better real time decision making to make better credit decisions. And in the end build a deeper franchise through very significant improvements in the customer experience and things that really create more loyalty and more stickiness with customers. And so over the years, it will be very, very hard for us to measure that because digital and digital - I mean, digital investments are turning - are more and more turning us into a digital company as opposed to a company that just tries to digitize what they do or the phrase I said earlier to bold digital on the side of a bank. So it’s more and more becoming - over, over a longer period of time, who we are in terms of how we operate and how we make decisions and how information is used in the company. And if you notice my passion about this is because I have not seen and probably this speaks for mankind as well over, over our long history. But certainly, I haven’t seen anything remotely like this in terms of the ability to transform how a business works. The only parallel is the thing that led me to go out and build Capital One in the first place, was looking at how information and technology we’re going to transform starting with the card business and ultimately banking. This is going to be a very, very big change and I think its biggest impacts will not be the impacts that they have on cost. But what is also clear is that for anything as transformational as this, one has to on a sustainable basis invest to build the foundational capabilities upon which the sort of digital innovation that the world can see will occur. And this is going to be a longer journey, but I think it’s ultimately as significant to transformation as what the information based opportunity we saw 27 years ago turned out to be.
Ryan Nash: And just one last thing, one another hesitation with separating out these expenses is the overlap between our expenses, so things that one considers to be digital that also have enormous regulatory impact or enormous growth impact is pretty considerable. So the three things we’ve talked about that are growing, causing a growth and an investment kind of overlap in a lot of ways.
Richard Fairbank: The pretty much number one way to make sure that that we’re successful with respect to the breadth taking number of compliance requirements is in fact automation. Just trying hard and making sure we’re well organized, just doesn't cut it with the magnitude of what’s going on. So it’s just another aspect of the breadth and depth to which investment in digital can really put a company in a very good position.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on the issue of the provision as we look forward given that there has been a lot of changes in consumer behavior and timeliness of payment. I’m just wondering if the assumption that that new originations for card loans will have their peak charge-off in say 18 month to 30 month. Is that based on what we’re seeing sort of post crisis, or is that really based on what you have experienced over the history of the credit card business? I’m just wondering if anything is there that might be different this time around.
Stephen Crawford: Okay, well. First of all there’s few different phenomena that are going on. When we talk about our charge-off, especially in the second half of next year and into 2016 going up as a result of growth that is the comp positive fact of all the different vintages have actions that are being taken. And I want to separate out a couple of different effects. One is originations and one is credit line increases. These themselves have quite different dynamics, they also have quite different flow in terms of many other metrics including the timing of profitability, and cost in the near term, and so on. But anyway with respect to credit, I would characterize credit line increases tend to write when they happen, they have a benefit with respect to losses and then overtime the charge-offs on a more delayed basis build overtime. Originations tend to, they have a momentary kind of benefit from the speed boat effect that they have, but then they tend to peak earlier and then actually improve over the longer-term. And again our credit guidance is just a sort of comp positive all the different things that are going on. We have sizable credit line increased activity, we have very significant origination activity that’s been going on over the past year and we hope will continue. And the most important thing, we have wanted to do is just make sure that as we started signaling sometime ago, the charge-off math of this very good development for Capital One is pretty predictable and we want to just make sure we got in front of that. And that’s what we’ve done.
Chris Donat: Okay. So no real change in either from the originations or the credit line increases in consumer behavior kind of pre-crisis versus post-crisis, right?.
Stephen Crawford: Not, not well, so not in terms of the shapes of these curves. The consumer behavior pre-crisis was tended to lead to what turned out to be higher losses and a lot of things back then that was not nearly as cautious the consumer is now. So just about anything we do these days versus an equivalent action in 2006 or 2007 Certainly we would expect peak in a better place, but this is - and but the main thing as we were also saying is that paradoxically even as we are guiding to higher credit losses and frankly guiding to more growth in credit losses and it appears that our competitors are, this is in the context of a very stable and good credit environment. It’s in the context of originations that are coming in very much as expected and consistent with what we’ve seen recently and one that is really therefore entirely. Just the result of charge-off math associated with the acceleration of growth and then frankly going strikingly from a shrinking situation into one of some pretty good growth.
Chris Donat: Got it. Thanks very much.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: Our final question this evening comes from Brian Foran [Autonomous Research].
Brian Foran: Hi, I guess the only thing I left was on the rep and warranty reserves. I guess any color on the 1.1 billion going to 700 million, was there settlement and should we expect originally reasonably possible losses and that kind of stuff to come down in tandem?
Stephen Crawford: Well the reasonable possible losses left away to the 10-K, but yes I mean it was settlement activity that we’re the primary driver of the reduction in the reserve.
Brian Foran: Great, that’s it for me. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Brian.
Stephen Crawford: Okay, well, with that I’ll just say thanks to everyone for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One and remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good night.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – Senior Vice President, Global Finance Richard D. Fairbank – Chief Executive Officer, Founder and Chairman Stephen S. Crawford – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe Bruyette & Woods Betsy Graseck – Morgan Stanley Ryan Nash – Goldman Sachs Kenneth Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities Donald James Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Robert Napoli – William Blair & Company Christopher R. Donat – Sandler O’Neill Partners, L.P. Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC Brian Foran – Autonomous Research Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities 
Operator:  Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Laurine. And welcome everyone to Capital One’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we’ve included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2014 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors, and click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford:  Thanks, Jeff. I’ll begin tonight with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.1 billion or $1.86 per share in the third quarter. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.94 per share and had a return on average tangible common equity of 15.7%. Included in continuing operations results this quarter were higher linked-quarter revenue, flat linked-quarter non-interest expenses, higher provision for loan losses driven by $214 million allowance build, partially offset by lower charge-offs. There were a few non-recurring legal reserve changes in the quarter, I would like to highlight. First, a $27 million contra revenue impact; second, we had charges in non-interest expense, which were offset by a $28 million benefit in our domestic card business. And last, we had a $70 million charge from rep and warranty expense and discontinued operations. Turning to Slide 4, net interest margin increased 14 basis points in the third quarter to 6.69%, primarily driven by a higher average balances in our domestic card business and the third quarter having one more day worth of recognized income. Average interest earning assets were up quarter-over-quarter driven by higher average loan balances in our domestic card, auto finance, and commercial banking businesses. Turning to Slide 5, let me cover capital trends. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized fully phased-in basis was 11.8% in the third quarter, compared to 11.6% in the second quarter of this year. With the benefit of phase-in our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 12.7%. And while we have yet to enter parallel run for Basel III advanced approaches, we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. We reduced our net share count by 3 million shares in the quarter, primarily reflecting our share buyback actions. We completed approximately 500 million of our share buyback program in the third quarter, and we expect to buy an additional 1 billion over the next two quarters. Let me close the night with a brief update of our 2014 expectations. We continue to expect pre-provision earnings to be about $10 billion, excluding non-recurring items. Traditionally, our marketing expenses were seasonally higher in the fourth quarter. That seasonal increase in marketing as well as our operating expense investments in growth, which Rich will review in more detail will drive an increase in non-interest expense in the fourth quarter of this year, which will carry into 2015. We highlighted for you last quarter that allowance releases were less likely going forward. In the third quarter, we build allowances as we grew our card loans and expectations for future card growth will likely drive allowance build in the coming quarters. With that let me turning the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Steve. I’ll begin on Slide 7 with our domestic card business, which delivered another quarter of strong results. Ending loans were up about 5% year-over-year and about 3% from the linked-quarter, stronger than typical seasonal growth in the third quarter. Continuing momentum and new account originations and credit line increase programs drove loan growth in the quarter. Purchase volume on general purpose credit cards, which excludes private label cards that don’t produce interchange revenue grew 17.5% year-over-year. Revenue margin for the quarter increased 34 basis points to about 17.4%, consistent with normal seasonality. Revenue dollars grew about 6% from the linked-quarter, driven by growth in average loans and the seasonal increase in revenue margin. Year-over-year, revenue dollars were down about 4% as the revenue impact of our choice to sell the Best Buy portfolio was partially offset by strong underlying growth in average loans. Non-interest expenses increased $17 million from the prior quarter, driven by higher marketing expense. We expect both operating expenses and marketing to increase in the fourth quarter; driven by loan growth, the expected seasonal ramp in marketing and continuing opportunities, we see to drove customer relationships, purchase volume, and loans. Domestic charge-off rate improved 69 basis points on a sequential quarter basis to 2.83%. We believe the sharp improvement in the quarter is temporary. The third quarter is usually the seasonal low point for card losses, but we think seasonality drove only about half of the improvement that we saw in the quarter. Most of the remaining improvement was the result of better than seasonal delinquency rates we experienced in the first half of the year flowing through the charge-offs in the quarter. We’ve already seen this short-term delinquency benefit reverse itself. We think the 2.83% charge-off rate is an unsustainable low point, and that losses are headed up from here. In the short-term, we expect normal seasonal increases in the charge-off rate in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2015. Beyond seasonality, the temporary delinquency benefit I just described has run its course which will add to the upward trend in the charge-off rate in the fourth quarter. Longer term, loan growth will start to impact the charge-off rate in 2015. As new loan balances season, they will start putting upward pressure on losses. While the impact on the charge-off rate will be modest at first, we expect that the impact will grow throughout 2015 and beyond. Pulling together both the short-term and long-term factors including seasonal variability, we expect the quarterly domestic charge-off rates throughout 2015 to be in the mid-to-high 3% range. In addition to rising charge-offs, we expect allowance additions resulting from loan growth. We aren’t counting on further economic improvement helping our credit loss nor are we projecting renewed economic weakness. Of course, changes in a still tenuous economic recovery could substantially impact our current loss expectations. Our current business remains well positioned. Loans, purchase volumes, and revenues are growing, and we are delivering strong and resilient returns. Moving to Slide 8. The consumer banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans were flat compared to the linked-quarter and declined modestly from the prior year. Growth in auto loans continues to be offset by expected mortgage run-off. Auto originations increased 14% year-over-year. Most of the growth came from prime originations as we continue to capture additional prime share from our existing dealers. On a linked-quarter basis, auto originations were essentially flat. Ending deposit balances declined by about $1.5 billion or 1% in the quarter. Year-over-year deposit balances declined about $800 million. We’ve had an abundance of deposits since the ING Direct acquisition, and we’ve been allowing the least attractive deposits from Capital One’s legacy direct bank to run-off. Consumer banking revenue was flat compared to the second quarter. Year-over-year revenue declined by $61 million or 4% driven by the impact of persistently low interest rates on the deposit business, declining mortgage balances, and margin compression in auto. Auto loan growth partially offset these negative revenue impacts. Non-interest expense increased $29 million or 3% from the prior year. The increase resulted from growth in auto loans as well as a change in the geography of where we recognized auto repossession expenses, which are now included in operating expense rather than in net charge-offs. Provision for credit losses increased $55 million from the linked-quarter driven by expected seasonal trends in auto charge-off. Home loans credit trends remain favorable and continue to perform well inside the assumptions we made when we acquired the mortgage portfolios. Our consumer banking businesses are delivering solid performance in the phase of continuing challenges. While we expect that auto returns will continue to be resilient and well above hurdle, we expect that they will continue to decline as we move from exceptional levels to more cycle average performance. And in our retail deposit business, we expect that the inexorable impacts of the prolonged low rate environment will continue to pressure returns even if rates rise in 2015. As you can see on Slide 9, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of profitable growth. Loan balances increased about 3% in the quarter and 17% year-over-year. Most of this growth is in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and CRE. Loan yields declined 11 basis points in the quarter and 48 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by increased competition and our choice to originate more variable rate loans. Revenues increased 3% from the second quarter and about 10% from the prior year. The year-over-year increase was the result of growth in loan and deposit balances across the franchise, offset by declining loan yields. The stronger increase in non-interest income was driven by the Beech Street acquisition and growth of fee generating business. Non-interest expenses were up 18% from the prior year as a result of growth including the Beech Street acquisition and continuing infrastructure investments to drive future growth. In the quarter, non-interest expense was flat. We continue to closely manage credit risk. Charge-offs, non-performing loans and criticized loans all improved in the quarter and remain at exceptionally low levels. While commercial credit results remain very strong, the current levels are not sustainable through the cycle. Commercial Banking competition continues to increase pressuring margins and returns. As competition continues to increase, it’s likely that the pace of our commercial loan growth will be slower in 2015 and closer to overall industry growth rate. But we expect our focus in specialized approach will continue to deliver strong returns in the commercial bank. I’ll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 10. We posted another quarter of solid results for the company and across our businesses and we continue to return capital to our shareholders as we execute our announced $2.5 billion share repurchase program. As Steve mentioned, we are on track to deliver 2014 pre-provision earnings of about $10 billion. We expect growth in full year revenues in 2015 driven by strong growth in average loans. While the efficiency ratio will vary from quarter-to-quarter, we expect the full year 2015 efficiency ratio to be between 53% and 54% excluding non-recurring items. Our expectations for both the remainder of 2014 and 2015 include the impacts of investments to drive future growth to be a leader in digital banking and to continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. Continuing opportunities to grow our domestic card business are expected to drive higher marketing expense in the fourth quarter and in 2015. Marketing efficiency, cost to acquire new accounts and the NPV of our marketing investments are strong. We are also making significant investments in digital and technology, banking inherently is a digital product and digital will transform banking over time. The momentum around digital is building across financial services. Consumers increasingly expect elegant and robust digital experiences from all companies, including banks. Software is a predominant way consumers interact with their banks even today and that engagement will only go up. Activity in the payment space from financial services companies and non-banks is accelerating. The ability to efficiently store and use vast amounts of data will unlock new opportunities. Capital One is well positioned to succeed in a digital world and we are investing in the foundational infrastructure and capabilities to be a digital leader. We are continuing to expand Capital One 360 as a national digital banking platform. We are bringing in significant native digital talent, engineers, product developers, designers and data scientists. We are very active in mobile and in payment. For example we are one of only a handful of banks, included in Apples launch of Apple pay in September and shortly thereafter launched our Capital One digital wallet. We are focused on delivering an exceptional user experience to our customers and recently acquired a leading design firm in San Francisco called Adaptive Path. While the financial cost was modest, Adaptive Path has been a pioneer in the UX field and they will make a big impact on our customer experience. Also, Capital One has a deep heritage as an information based company and Big Data is tailor made for us. We are investing in our Big Data infrastructure to enable rapid psycho analysis in the generation of even more powerful insights and new services. As we are reminded of almost daily in the media, there are significant threats to information security across all industries, including financial services. At Capital One, protecting customer information is paramount and requires that we are ever vigilant in our defenses. We’ve made significant investments in this area over the years and we will continue to invest aggressively. Ultimately, the winners in banking will have the capability of world-class software company. Most of the leverage and most of our investment is in building the foundational underpinnings and talent model of a great digital company. To succeed in a digital world, the company can’t just boast digital capabilities onto the side of an analog business. At Capital One, we’re embedding technology, data and software development deeply into our business model and how we work. For example we’re focused on building reusable plug and play middleware using restful APIs, modern software development and design, integrating our platforms and making them scalable in real time and building a powerful and flexible data infrastructure. These foundational investments while not only the most visible are glamorous aspect of our digital journey create sustainable competitive advantages and position us to continue to thrive as banking goes even more digital. We’re also investing to continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. We are enhancing our capabilities, infrastructure and talent to meet heightened expectations for risk management and regulatory reporting. We are continuously improving processes for capital and liquidity management including CCAR and the new LCR requirements, and we’re investing to deliver on the broad set of emerging regulatory requirements. The expectations for large financial institutions continue to rise and we’ll continue to invest to keep pace with these requirements. Pulling up Capital One is delivering attractive risk adjusted returns today and we expect that will continue. We have the financial strength to invest in our future without comprising current financial results. We remain focused on the leverage that create and sustain high performance. We’ll continue to pursue growth opportunities in card, auto and commercial banking. We’ll maintain our long standing discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our preemptive focus on resilient, and we will actively work to return capital to shareholders, as capital distribution remains an important part of how we expect to deliver value to our investors. Now, Steve and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start our Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any further follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Lauren, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe Bruyette & Woods: Good evening. First question just on your expectations for charge-offs, I appreciate the color, is it fair to assume the ramp in the reserves was kind of related to that as well as the growth and maybe you could just remind us of the methodology you use to determine reserve adequacy? And I guess second question, I’ll ask upfront just the growth in the balances, it’s pretty encouraging, what are you seeing that’s different from maybe a year ago that’s driving that growth in balances in card? Thank you.
Stephen S. Crawford:  I’ll take the first. I think Rich will take the second. You are spot on in your observation about what drives the allowances, it’s really two factors, loan growth which we’ve been talking about returning in the second half for a while and then also the higher delinquencies which translates into higher NACO likely in the future. And basically, we have an extremely low quarter of NACO this quarter. As Rich talked about, we expect that to normalize and that replacement effect also has an impact on allowances. So going forward, you should absolutely be focused on loan growth and then to the extent that you believe delinquencies in acres are headed up, and that’s going to have an impact on allowance and obviously if you thought the opposite, the opposite would be true, but it’s really both factors.
Richard D. Fairbank: And Sanjay, what we’re seeing is continuation of what I’ve been talking about for – in a sense, talking about what we’re working on for a number of years, and talking about the traction the last several quarters, the traction that we’re getting, it is really in both originations and in line increases. In originations, we in the areas that we have really chosen to focus on including the top of the market with the heavy spender segment and in revolvers other than high balance revolvers. We have seen really growing traction in those areas, and that’s a good thing to see. The other big effect is line increases. Line increase is something that is always a central part of how we manage our business. As you know, we were kind of experienced sort of a line increased brown-out, starting really in some sense back in the throes of the great recession. We’re very conservative and then of course we had the Card Act and the rules associated with proof of income before we could do line increases. So in some sense, what you see now is moving from a browned-out line increase situation through now where we’re back into equilibrium in doing that and also catching up with some deferred line increases along the way. So there is a lot of strength in both areas, and I think we’re encouraged not only by the traction, but by the prospects for continuing traction.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck of Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck – Morgan Stanley: Hi, a couple of follow ups. One is just on the ALLR ratio itself. I guess your point that expecting NCOs to come back up, are you using a forward look of I would say 12 months, 18 months, and I also just wanted to understand if – how you are assessing what ratio to get that ALLR up to today?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, it’s actually different, Betsy, based on product, but the big driver is card and card, and the most important timeframe is the next 12 months, so it’s really the view of what’s going to happen to loss rate over the next 12 months, it’s going to be the principal driver. In addition to that, you’ve also got to factor in what the growth will be.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash – Goldman Sachs: Good evening. Steve, when you think about the 53% to 54% efficiency ratio for 2015, can you give us a sense of what type of PP&R would be associated with that. I know you noted, Rich noted that you expect growth in revenues for the coming year, but Rich also gave a long list of things that you needed to invest in, so I guess if we do continue to see balance sheet growth at the pace that we are seeing, can you just help us understand what might be a good base level for us to anchor to, thanks.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. So I think Rich did a couple of things, he reconfirmed at 53% to 54%. He also said we expect loan growth to really drive the revenue outlook. So, I think we’ll leave it up to you to really figure out what you think a reasonable rate of loan growth is, and that’s probably as far as we are prepared to go in 2015 in terms of forecasting PP&R.
Ryan Nash – Goldman Sachs: And then if I could ask one follow-up question, Rich, you talked a lot about digital investments, Steve spoke about opportunities to make a business more efficient in the past. I know you guys are talking about a 53% to 54% next year, which is essentially flat on a core basis. But as we look out over the next few years, do you think there is enough leverage in the investments that you are making now that we should see continued efficiency improvement over time?
Richard D. Fairbank: Ryan, I think that digital, there are many benefits to digital investment. I would – the economics ultimately of going digital are pretty dramatic. The marginal cost of a digital interaction is virtually zero, and we are far from that in the analog activities that we do. A couple of things I want to say about that, first of all, I don’t even think the biggest benefit or the most compelling case for digital is just to lower costs even though I do believe that that is the end game. This is one of those few things in life where it’s pretty much everything gets better, but we are talking about being able to be faster, more efficient, a better customer experience, better controlled in an intense regulatory environment, much more able to innovate a better associate experience, so there is a lot of things that come on this journey. From an economic point of view, we have tracked digital investment, and also the clear savings that come from that, most importantly from driving customers to digital. Just because you build it, they don’t necessarily come. So we have a lot of efforts on that and we are making a lot of progress. That said, the tally right now for the measurable parts is we’re spending more than the manifest savings are, and I think actually that differential will continue because there is a lot to invest in, but it’s very clear to me that we can see savings and we can see a lot of other benefits happening. But the thing I want to leave with you is this is not a program, this is not a project, this is not a one year kind of thing. I mean we’re essentially talking about – we happen to be living through probably one of the biggest revolutions in the history of the world up there with possibly fire at [will] (ph). So that said, I think there’s a lot of transformation to go on in banking. And so, I think that the impacted digital investment will put upward pressure on efficiency ratios as opposed to downward in the near and medium-term. Longer run its direction is clearly downward, but I just wanted to leave you with that.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go to Ken Bruce of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good evening. I guess I would like to delve into what you’re seeing within the portfolio or just generally that’s leaving you to believe that that delinquencies are heading higher teens, just looking at some of trust data that you see a little bit of a seasonal effect, but I’m wondering if there’s something specific that you’re kind of focused on or what’s kind of leaving you to believe that we’re going to pass the best in delinquencies?
Richard D. Fairbank:  Well, so, let me separate out sort of the comments I often make about where we are in the cycle versus things related to Capital One and the strategies that we have. I don’t have a changed point of view about where we are in the cycle. We’re in an extraordinary time. It’s hard to imagine. As an industry loss is getting much better than this. I’ve been wrong before that over the last few years. It’s really quite extraordinary where we have come to. But this is not. When we’re talking about delinquencies and charge-offs going up, this is not calling a turn in a sense of – finally the credit card industry has gotten beyond its lowest point. At some point that’s going to happen. What we have going on here is much more – is partly just mechanics that we want to share with you and then most importantly, it’s the growth story. The mechanics are that we had an unusually low third quarter. And so, coming back often unusually low third quarter is part of the math that we want to make sure that everybody understands. And within that of course you have the seasonal effects, but also we’ve seen – in our history we watch very, very carefully for changes in flow rates that we see across the business. There was a particularly positive good surge in flow rates in the first half of this year that just looking at the mechanics of that, that has sort of reversed itself not into something bad but more of a just kind of reversing of that particular surge. That’s one effect that kind of going on here. But as we look forward, so first of all we’re reversing out of the unusual momentarily low of this quarter. And then you pretty much from there you’re looking at seasonality and we’re heading into the seasonal ramping part of the year. And then you have the growth, the dynamics of growth taking over from there. So this isn’t really about the charge, the credit card industry, it’s really about Capital One and the effect of the very positive story that we see developing in terms of our growth, but we want to make sure people understand that what comes with that territory is increasing losses, particularly compared with our environment of not much growth and even shrinking over the last few years, and we want to make sure investors just understand the charge-off math associated with that.
Kenneth Bruce – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And everybody is focused on credit card growth, it seems that the success that you’ve all had is being kind of looked at by others jealously and I’m wondering if you’ve seen any change in the competitive landscape based on others behavior?
Richard D. Fairbank: So I think the competitive landscape in card continues to be intense, but strikingly stable. And again I would compare that you’ve often heard me talk about, I think both the commercial business and the auto business are getting kind of into a degrading state of competition and as they regret towards the main and so on. I think that so, but the card business, the pricing is relatively stable, you’ve had mail volumes increase by about 16% over the last year and so we got to keep an eye on that. And by the way that mail volumes increasing in the context of where the world is increasingly going to digital so that the total amount of marketing is even greater than kind of what you see in mail volumes. So certainly there’s more – there’s competitive intensity there, but I think the real thing that’s going on is there’s – the surviving and successful players in the card business have looked back in their rear view mirror as they’re tripped through the great recession. And they have figured out where they’re good and where they’re not so good, and they have staked out in most cases strikingly different strategies. And I think each of those strategies makes a lot of sense for the particular issuer and it’s playing to the strength of the particular issuer, but I think it helps to contribute to a rationale competitive environment in which in its own way we can kind of all succeed. And one thing kind of helping us a little bit after all of these years of the card industry and total growth growing nowhere you have seen in the last few months just looking at revolving credit date I think inching up from near zero to in March 1.5%, April 2.6%, May 2.5%, June 2.9%, July 3.4%, August 3.3%. So it’s a little bit of rising of the tide as well. So these alleged jealous competitors, I think, are feeling very good about how they’re doing in, it’s a pretty stable industry. Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go to Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities
Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities: Thank you. Good evening. There is a kind of focus on auto and – so I had a couple of questions that I’ll ask upfront. Rich, can you give some perspectives around how the auto business at Capital One has transformed from its early years to where it is today and the extent to which during that time there has been a remixing the way from what was then maybe a bit more of a focus on sub-prime customers to perhaps a bit more of a focus on prime today? And just kind of bring us to where your mix of prime versus sub-prime is currently? And maybe you talk about the relative attractiveness of each of those segments in the current market? And then finally maybe just doesn’t necessarily have to follow that the risk of loss is greater in sub-prime given collateral quality and to the extent to which used car prices still remain pretty strong? I know there is a lot there, but I would appreciate any color on that. Thank you.
Richard D. Fairbank: And you say as the risk of loss greater in sub-prime, greater than – what greater than it was before greater than prime, what did you…
Bill Carcache – Nomura Securities: Yes, I mean, I guess you’d maybe just talk about like risk adjusted margins and how they have changed in both prime and sub-prime and how collateral plays into that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, thank you, Bill. So, Capital One, in 1998 we entered the auto finance business with the belief that this highly fragmented industry was going to go national and we wanted to bring information based strategies and the national kind of strategy to that business and we bought a sub-prime credit card company, Summit Acceptance Corporation. So our initial foundation came out of the sub-prime side and over the decade and a half that we’ve been doing it since we have migrated to a pretty much full credit spectrum perspective. This is not only to leverage scale economies, but what’s very clear is that the real leverage is in deep dealer relationships and there is economic benefit in that and I think in terms of the quality, the kind of loans that come out of that, it’s a win-win to build deep dealer relationships. And also it is our nature. If you look across the businesses that we do, that we tend to try to play across the credit spectrum and tend not to specialize just in one particular place. So this has been a long journey over this period of time, but you can see the continuing move toward not only near-prime, but so much growth in prime. And I think – and most of this is a matter of solidifying and deepening the exiting dealer relationships that we already have. So I think it’s a win-win as we do that. Now when you think about the economics of the business, sub-prime has high margins and higher losses and it’s all about how well one can play the credit risk management game. And I think this is not for the faint of heart. This is companies that deeply invest in that and we have 15 years experience in auto and couple of decades experience in the card business and underwriting in that particular segment and we feel very good about the risk adjusted through cycle returns that we experience there. And I think our rearview mirror experience in the Great Recession is confirmatory as well Near-prime by the way is just in between everything that I’m going to say about prime and sub-prime. On the prime side, this is very thin margins and very low credit losses and that is a business that where scale matters and every expense dollar is really important and so on. But I think we’ve managed to build one of the top positions in that business. And while the returns are much lower we are comfortable with those returns. They’re much lower than sub-prime. We’re comfortable with the returns and we’re very comfortable with the integrated economics we’re getting in this business. Just one comment about the cycle for a second. The extraordinary returns a few years ago in the auto business as competition headed for the hills, have now pretty much regressed very close to the mean. Some prime remains a little bit above in terms of returns at this point and the prime business is really right there at the intense point in the cycle from a margin point of view. But overall things here we feel good.
Stephen S. Crawford:  Also look for additional information on the mix of our auto portfolio in our upcoming 10-Q.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go to Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald James Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Yes. Rich, I have some question around Apple Pay. It seems like the banks may be paying some type of fee to Apple. Obviously, you can’t talk about the specifics. I was curious if you can offset that outside of fraudulent. Secondarily, I know the networks are creating a vault and charging the banks. And there’s been some talks that the banks might create a vault. I was wondering if you consider that as well.
Richard D. Fairbank:  Okay. Don, we don’t get into the economics of our contract with Apple. But the decisions that we make come with the belief that this is an important thing for us to do. And I think it offers a good, opportunity and upside for us. The vault that that bill is referring to let me just comment for a second, one of the key elements in security, that’s a very important breakthrough is that, card numbers are not going to be embedded inside the secured element on a phone. Instead, one-time single-use or a few times use tokens will be in a sense, sent to the phone. So that the risk of extended fraud is massively reduced. Visa and MasterCard are creating a vault and there is other activity that’s going on of some alternative approaches, as well just in the nature of an evolving industry. I think people aren’t leaving single solutions as the only way to go. But whether it is coming from Visa and MasterCard or from a banking industry vaults are really actually from individual issuers vault. There’s work going on in all three of those dimensions, but the big story there is, this tokenization is a game changer in terms of security.
Donald James Fandetti – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.:  Thank you.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go to Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert Napoli – William Blair & Company:  Thank you. Good afternoon. Just on the credit card business, Rich, I mean your growth just over the last few months has just really accelerated and it is there – are we getting to high single-digit growth or double-digit growth in the credit card business or is it just – this is just kind of a one-time catch up in bringing the credit lines – kind of catching up with the increases in credit lines that you had delayed for several years? Pretty stark increase in loan growth from 0% to 5% in the last three or four months. 
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, it’s funny given the heritage of the company that we would think numbers like this are…
Robert Napoli – William Blair & Company: Right, go ahead.
Richard D. Fairbank: Are so big, but all jokes aside of course we did live through the period where not only where we – so you had – we’re going from an environment where we had a very cautious consumer and we ourselves had a certain challenges that we had to deal with that I talked about earlier. And then we also had sort of the running off of some of the HSBC highest risk things and then our multi-year is still going on avoidance and running off of high balance revolver. So that’s a lot of things that sort of conspired to generate some anemic and frankly negative numbers in terms of our growth. And what’s going on here Bob is not really a kind of one-time effect, on the line increases there is a bit of a – there is some element of kind of catch up with that, but I would more leave you with – this is really the product of the steady work we done from a number of years both in the line increase innovation side and on originating in the segments, we know so well. It’s actually continued traction there. You know as well enough to know that we’re not going to make a forecast of growth, but you can also tell that that we feel pretty good about the traction we have right now and we do look forward to seeing continued growth. 
Robert Napoli – William Blair & Company: Then last question is just on the commercial business, you’ve had very good growth there, but loan yields – well credit is phenomenal, your yield has dropped almost 50 basis points and deposit costs are relatively flat year-over-year, and you talked about very intense competition. But how does – where do the loan yields flattened out here, does the growth really slow down because it’s too competitive. Can you really generate the returns you’re looking for with the trends that I’m looking at? 
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, look at – I think that the nature – let me comment for a second about the nature of how I think credit cycles work. When you’re in the sort of good part of the credit cycle, which has been like the last few years where borrowers are more careful and lenders are more careful and maybe a little more scarce, as you go on in the cycle, I think there is a very kind of classic pattern that occurs that as competition increases, lenders, particularly those who have strong memories of a recent recession like we all do here, what happens is the competition becomes almost singularly focused on price. And I think that prices fall until you get kind of down to that point where there’s not a lot of room there. And then you kind of move to phase two in the industries – in the cycle evolution where people start compromising various underwriting terms. I think most of the – I describe commercial that this battle has been played out on the pricing side, but also there is certainly other things going on the C&I side. The impact of the CLO market and the covenant light loans has put a lot of pressure on sort of the lower end of the marketplace, but it’s not impacting banks that much at this point, but we have a wary eye on that. I mean, just the percentage of loans in the institutional market that are covenant light is substantially higher than before the great recession. So we certainly have to keep an eye on this. And in other areas, individual areas you start to see some loosening of some underwriting standards in the industry, but I think all in all if the things aren’t too in a bad place yet. The key thing we’re doing is focusing on segments where we are comfortable with the segments and for us that’s mostly the specialty lending segments that are not as subject to 8,000 banks who are looking for assets, trying to go out and see if they can generate business. This is kind of like the card business where highly sophisticated limited number of players, who know what they are doing are competing in these spaces. So the net effect of all of that is I’m going to leave you with. I mean, we still feel that there is good business to be had in commercial, but you should be thanking as this regresses to the main our growth is going to do the same.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator:  We will take Chris Donat with Sandra O’Neil.
Christopher R. Donat – Sandler O:  Hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask about the marketing spend in the third quarter, which typically at least in the last few years has been down from the second quarter, but it’s uptick this year. I’m just wondering if that’s reflective of opportunities you’re seeing that are then translating into new account growth, or is it more tied to other campaigns, or something like Quicksilver. Just little explanation about where we are in the third quarter also with your comments of expecting an increase in the fourth quarter.
Neill Partners, L.P.:  Hi, good afternoon, thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask about the marketing spend in the third quarter, which typically at least in the last few years has been down from the second quarter, but it’s uptick this year. I’m just wondering if that’s reflective of opportunities you’re seeing that are then translating into new account growth, or is it more tied to other campaigns, or something like Quicksilver. Just little explanation about where we are in the third quarter also with your comments of expecting an increase in the fourth quarter.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, so it’s a very natural thing for everybody, when they think marketing to think of TV ads, because that’s what you all see unless you’re blessed by having your mail box full of some of our solicitations, and so on. I want to say that just as a reminder, the amount of money we spend on television advertising is a modest portion of the entire expenditures that we do in marketing. So my short answer is that a lot – there you’ve seen the seasonality of marketing spend and a bunch of that comes from campaign seasonality. So things like our sponsorship of a lot of things in the NFL, I mean in college football and things like that, there’s a whole seasonality there. Campaigns you see like Quick Silver and various things, there’s a lot of hard wiring in advance of some of that stuff. But the increases that you see beyond the normal seasonality really are a reflection of real time seizing of the opportunity that’s going on at Capital One, as we see growth opportunities. So there’s kind of a fixed component in the near term and there’s a variable component. And we’ve always said that in the end that variable component is pretty sizable, as well. And you’re just seeing the manifestation of kind of seizing the moment and taking advantage of that
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll take Rick Shane with JP Morgan.
Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thanks guys for taking my question. I actually want to circle back a little bit on the question upon Bob Napoli raised. When we look at margins, particularly in the card segment, when we strip out, sort of the impact of the HSBC portfolio and the run-off there, it actually looks like your margins have been pretty stable. Rich I know you’ve given a lot of metrics, related to 2015 outlook, in terms of credit and expenses. And I don’t want to push too hard in terms of getting you to give us one more. But give us a sense, I mean, do you think that we are – and again you guys have talked for a long time about margin erosion and then backed away from it. Do you think that we’re at that inflection point now?
Richard D. Fairbank: You’re talking, Rick, about the card business?
Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: I am talking about the card business.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes.
Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Yes.
Richard D. Fairbank: I don’t see evidence that we are. I mean look, I’m the last guy you’ll ever see saying, read my lips, no price reductions from here kind of thing. But now I see people intensely competing in the segments where they see their strengths. All of them are sophisticated, they all have fresh memories from the great recession. And I – look, yes, we have been one that has been predicting margin decline for a number of years. And so first of all, you probably shouldn’t be asking me giving my credibility that has been lost over that subject, but I see again a very competitive but stable rational environment. And probably in the longer run, there will be pressure on that, but I don’t. It sure has a different feel for me again than the other segments we play in, where things are only going in one direction.
Richard Barry Shane – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Got it. Yes I mean, I think, if it is that – several years ago, you talked about margin compression following Card Act and eventually sort of threw your hands up and said, hey, we’re not just seeing it, it feels that way still.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, I mean, again, a lot of my predictions about the margin compression back in the post Card Act days, really was sort of thinking through the mechanics of all the aspects of the Card Act and how that would play out and some of that stuff. It didn’t play out exactly as we had predicted. The other thing that’s going on, I really want to draw another thing too into this conversation in both the commercial and the auto space, if I were to calibrate that compared with the card business. In the commercial and auto space, you literally had people heading for the hills for a whole period of time as the great recession was raging. A lot of auto players literally liked bailed out of the business. You had a lot of particularly European players bail out of the business so much capital markets money, and so on leaving the commercial space. And so supply itself has really changed over this period of time and it’s led to margins to really go up and then to really go down. In contrast, in the card business, all the players who pretty much entered the great recession are still the same list of players on the other side of it. We were all a little wiser now, but we’re all very committed to the card business and pretty much doing all the things that continue to make it successful. So the card business never had the spike in margins that occurred in the other businesses nor does it have the kind – the regression to the mean therefore that occurred in the other businesses. 
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator:
 :
Brian Foran – Autonomous Research: Hi, good evening. Can you hear me?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Brain, go ahead.
Brian Foran – Autonomous Research:  Okay. I guess I don’t know want to – I know you said you don’t want to give revenue guidance. I guess the question I have is you’re being fairly explicit about expenses going up and we are at a $12 billion annualized run rate, so it feels like the current consensus is 12.3%, it feels like up is something more than that and you’re still talking about a 53% to 54% efficiency ratio. Just to make those two die out, would revenue growth have to be in the high single-digits just to make the math work?
Richard D. Fairbank: No, Brain, if we’d wanted to get that specific by line item we really would. There is a lot of moving pieces in the environment. We’re trying to do a lot of the same things – a lot of things at the same time, keep our customers, our regulators, and our shareholders delighted and particularly in this interest rate environment that’s a handful. So we feel comfortable with our guidance of 53% to 54%. We’ve tried to give you senses as to what’s going to drive the top-line growth next year, which is really loan growth. We just talked a little bit about how we feel about loan growth. I think given where we are that’s probably as far as we’re prepared to go.
Brian Foran – Autonomous Research: Fair enough. Maybe a follow-up on a separate tack is marketplace lending or peer-to-peer whichever term you prefer I mean how do you think about it both as a competitive threat and as an opportunity for Capital One?
Richard D. Fairbank: We have a great interest in all of the innovations that are coming out of the digital space. I think one thing that is a classic thing that banks do and I always worried that we resemble that description is to focus on things the way that we do it and miss the fact that they’re really break-through things going on. I think they are – so the peer-to-peer lending, which is pretty much non-exiting activity on the banking side is clearly picking up quite a bit of steam in the startups and in the digital space. I think there is a – it is our view that all of the opportunities in the digital space and we pretty obsessively study those including a bunch of lending ones. The peer-to-peer lending opportunity is not one that’s at the top of our list in terms of the opportunities. I mean we’re going to be very close students of what’s going on, but I think there are number of other really clever things that are happening with startups that we’re a lot of more interested in. I think there is a – when you think about peer-to-peer lending and all the risk issues associated with that, all the regulatory environment we live in and kind of the things that we have learned and – that I personally, for example, have learned in over two decades of building a consumer lending company. There are a lot of challenges and a lot of risks in there. So what we’re going to do is probably be a very eager observer and we’ll go from there.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: Our final question this evening comes from that Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities: Thanks for taking my question. A bigger picture question then a fairly focused one. Rich, given – all the commentary you gave us in terms of your focus on improving the digital offerings and at a time when a lot of the traditional commercial banks are spending a lot of time and effort on doing the same thing. Can you give us a sense as to your – the trend in your level of comfort and your ability to keep deposits and maintain deposit pricing relative to maybe where – how you were thinking about that a couple of years ago?
Richard D. Fairbank:  Are you talking about the asset liability, sensitivity or…
Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities: I guess I’m really talking about deposit data, one of the questions we get most often from investors is Capital One spends a lot of time talking about their digital offerings and I think that in some cases gets investors worried about the potential for outflow of deposits faster at Capital One than at a “traditional bank” even though those traditional banks are now following down the path of Capital One trying to focus on digital acquisition of deposits.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So first of all, you know, so much – when I gave my little spit flying little passionate speech about digital a few minutes ago. One thing I want to say is the way digital is transforming banking goes far beyond what I think the thing people mostly think about, which is, today there are branches and tomorrow there is a branch in people’s pocket. And look that is very important component of that whole thing. And by having bought ING Direct, by having before that already build to digital bank of our own, and having a big commitment to digital innovation and having a heritage of 20 some years being a direct marketing company, I’m very interested in the opportunities there. But the bulk of our digital investment itself and capabilities is really for things that kind of extend beyond some of the narrowest view about just moving to a bank in your pocket kind of thing. Let me comment on deposit stickiness. And I really appreciate that you asked the question. If the conventional wisdom out there is gosh well the only way that these, some of these online banks have got, they’ve used price as a way to generate their business. Again having 10 years experienced ourselves in building an online direct bank and then having bought ING, we have a window that shows how very different that the actual world that we live in is, versus some of those perceptions. And a lot of it, and it really pivots around what is it that is drawing customers into a bank like ING Direct, for example, and now Capital One 360. Many years ago at its very beginning ING offered one of the highest rates paid. And over the years it had a very explicit goal that we are going to move into building of franchise and building a brand, and the benefit of that is that we’re going to get people to come for us for something other than just being number one in the league tables with respect to rate. And over time the ING franchise has, now Capital One 360 has moved way off the frontier of where the hot money goes. And in fact, we now have well more than a decade of experience of just seeing how long live these customers are, and also how below this franchise is, the customer loyalty is really extraordinary. And so while I would say that relative to the branch on the corner we in our own planning are assuming a deposit data that is higher than those most sticky of deposits. I think that people are going to be pleasantly surprised by the resilience of these deposits. You make the other point, which is really important to, which is that there is a blurring of the lines here over time as more and more banking becomes digital. And I think, especially with Capital One strategy ourselves to kind of create the fusion of the truly kind of ING oriented digital bank and the physical distribution Capital One that we are and I think that as our own lines blur also you’re going to see the industry lines blur and I think that over time it is a franchise with surprising striking resilience.
Stephen S. Crawford:  And, Rich, just to add, extending that beyond just how online versus in-branch deposits respond, I think the way your whole liability mix responds to changes in environment is a much bigger question. It’s a function of your wholesale, retail mix, what’s ensured, what’s not ensured, the size and duration of your deposit relationships. And as we look at that we don’t feel disadvantaged relative to peers. And I think if you look at our asset sensitivity, you’d find that lines up pretty closely with the average peer bank.
Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities:  Thanks, Steve. And then a quick question for you perhaps. You mentioned the LCR requirement. How far long are you on that? And was the decline in the yield on investment securities this quarter versus the second quarter driven by some of the actions you’ve taken over the three months?
Stephen S. Crawford: We have been rotating. There will probably be a little bit more, but that’s not a big impact on margin. We’re going to be fine in terms of meeting the transitional requirements. LCR isn’t a huge issue for us except there is a little bit of a margin compression and obviously there is some OpEx getting our systems in a place where we’ll be able to calculate all the stuff on a daily basis. It’s a good example of the regulatory cost that Rich was mentioning.
Jeff Norris:  Well, thank you everyone for joining us on the call today. Thank you for your continued interest in Capital One. And remember the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great night.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and CEO Steve Crawford - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bill Carcache - Nomura Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brad Ball - Evercore Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Bob Napoli - William Blair Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Matt Howard - UBS Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities Brian Foran - Autonomous Research  
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Justin. And welcome everyone to Capital One’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2014 results. With me today is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors, and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Steve Crawford:  Thanks Jeff. I will begin tonight with slide three Capital One earned $1.2 billion or $2.04 a share in the second quarter and had a return on average tangible common equity of 17.5%. We reduced our net share count by 11.1 million shares in the quarter reflecting our share buyback actions. Included in continuing operations results for this quarter were higher linked-quarter revenues, flat linked-quarter non-interest expenses, a lower provision for loan losses driven by lower charge-offs and a $100 million allowance release, a $37 million addition to our reserves regarding UK cross sell, which was split almost evenly between non-interest expense and non-interest income. In the UK refunds to customers who bought payment protection insurance is an industry wide issue and continues to be in the headlines. Our reserve build reflects the fact that while the number of customer claims we receive is continuing to fall, it hasn't fallen as quickly as forecasted. The reserve build does not reflect any change in how we calculate customer refunds. It is possible that we may further add to reserves if we determine that we need to change the calculation of customer refunds. And finally, we had an $18 million benefit related to mortgage rep and warranty which includes the provision of $11 million before taxes in discontinued operations and a benefit of $29 million before taxes in continuing operations. Turning to slide four, I'll touch briefly on net interest margin. Reported NIM decreased 7 basis points in the second quarter to 6.55%, primarily driven by lower yields and average balances in our domestic card business partially offset by the second quarter having one more day worth of recognized income. Average interest earning assets were up modestly quarter-over-quarter primarily driven by higher average loan balances in our auto finance and commercial banking segments. We are updating our expectation for mortgage runoff in 2014 to about $6 billion based on our current view of rates. Moving to slide five, I’ll briefly cover capital trend. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized fully phased-in basis was 11.6% in the second quarter of 2014 compared to a Basel III standardized fully phased-in equivalent ratio of 11.7% in the first quarter of this year. With the benefit of phase-in, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 12.7%, down 30 basis points from the Basel III standardized equivalent of 13% in the first quarter of this year. And while we have yet our parallel run for Basel III advanced approaches, we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. Last, we reduced our net share count by 11.1 million shares in the quarter, reflecting our share buyback actions. We completed approximately 1 billion of our share buyback program in the second quarter and we expect to buy an additional 1.5 billion over the next three quarters. We have demonstrated our commitment to return capital and understand it remains an important part of the return equation for our shareholders. I’ll close tonight with the brief update of our 2014 expectations. We continue to expect pre-provision earnings to be about $10 billion, within a reasonable margin of air. And we continue to expect some modest but principally offsetting changes with higher revenues offsetting higher expenses relative to our expectations earlier this year. While we had a release of allowance in the quarter, going forward as we return to growth and considering the charge-offs remain below historical averages, we’re less likely to see going forward. With that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Steve. I'll begin on slide seven, which shows another strong quarter posted by our domestic card business highlighted by a return to year-over-year growth. The year-over-year trends in loans and purchase volume continue to reflect our strategic choices which focus on generating attractive sustainable and resilient returns. Ending loans were up about 4% from the first quarter and about 1% year-over-year. We had expected year-over-year growth to resume sometime in the second half of 2014. The early return to year-over-year loan growth resulted from increasing traction in the segments we’re emphasizing including reward customers and revolvers other than high balance revolvers as well as the success of credit line increase programs. The collective impact of these factors was greater than the continuing impact of our choice to avoid high balance revolver. Purchase volume on general purpose credit card, which excludes private-label cards that don't produce interchange revenue grew about 16% year-over-year. Revenue margin for the quarter increased 13 basis points to about 17.1%. The increase resulted from expected seasonality and higher non-interest income partially offset by a decline in loan yield. Revenue dollars were down about 10% year-over-year driven primarily by our choice to sell the Best Buy portfolio. Non-interest expenses improve by $32 million from the prior quarter driven by operating efficiencies partially offset by a modest increase in marketing. We expect an increase in marketing in the second half of 2014 driven by both the expected seasonal ramp and because of the success and continuing opportunities we see in growing customer relationships, purchase volumes and loan. On a linked quarter basis charge-offs and delinquencies were in line and continued strong underlying credit performance and better than seasonal expectations. The charge-off rate improved 49 basis points to 3.52% driven by seasonality as well as the diminishing impact of aligning HSBC branded card customer practices with Capital One practices the 30 plus delinquency rate improved 19 basis points to 2.83%. Our card business remains well positioned we returned to year-over-year loan growth a bit earlier than expected despite continuing run off and our choice to avoid high balance revolvers. We are delivering strong sustainable and resilient returns and we continue to generate capital and solidify our customer franchise. Moving to slide eight. The consumer banking business delivered another quarter of solid results ending loans grew about $335 million from the first quarter and declined about $1.2 billion from the second quarter of last year. One a year-over-year basis continued growth in auto loans was more than offset by mortgage run-off. Auto originations increased from the first quarter and remained on strong growth trajectory. Subprime originations were relatively stable while prime originations grew as we continue to capture additional prime share from our existing dealers. Ending deposit balances declined by about $2.4 billion in the quarter consistent with normal seasonal patterns. Year-over-year deposit balances declined about $640 million. We had an abundance of deposits since the ING Direct acquisition and we've been allowing the least attractive deposits, the runoff. Consumer Banking revenue increased about $18 million or 1% compared to the first quarter. Year-over-year revenues decline by about $66 million or 4% driven by the impact of persistently low interest rate on the deposit business declining mortgage balances and margin compression in auto. Auto loan growth partially offset these negative revenue impacts. Non-interest expense increased $28 million or 3% from the prior year. The increase resulted from growth in auto loans as well as a change in the geography of where we recognize auto repossession expenses, which are now included in operating expense rather than in net charge-offs. Provision for credit losses increased modestly in the quarter at about $76 million from the prior year. The year-over-year change resulted from a swing in the allowance from release in the second quarter of 2013 to a modest build this quarter related to auto loan growth. Auto charge-off rate improved in the second quarter, driven by expected seasonal patterns in the higher proportion of prime loans in the portfolio. Home loans credit trends remain favorable and continue to perform well inside of the assumptions we made when we acquired the mortgage portfolios. The overall consumer banking charge-off rate remains below 1%. Our consumer banking businesses are delivering solid performance in the face of continuing challenges. In auto second quarter growth and performance were very strong, but we expect that auto margins and returns will continue to decline as we move from exceptional levels to more cycle average performance. We expect that auto returns will be continue to be resilient and well above hurdle. And in our retail deposit business, we expect that the inexorable impacts of the prolonged low rate environment will continue to pressure returns even if rates rise in 2014. As you can see on slide nine, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of profitable growth. Loan balances increased about 5% in the quarter and 18% year-over-year, driven by growth in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and CRE. As competition continues to increase it’s likely that the pace of our commercial loan growth will moderate over time. Loan yields were stable in the quarter but declined 34 basis points compared to the prior year, driven by lower market pricing from increased competition and our choice to originate more variable rate loans. Revenues increased 7% from the first quarter and about 10% from the prior year. The year-over-year increase was the result of growth in loan and deposit balances across the franchise, partially offset by declining loan yields. The stronger increase in non-interest income was driven by the Beech Street acquisition and growth of fee generating businesses. Non-interest expense was up 17% from the prior year as a result of growth in loan balances and continuing infrastructure investments to drive future growth. In the quarter, non-interest expense was up about 5%. We continue to closely manage commercial credit risk and commercial credit results remain very strong. Charge-offs, non-performing loans and criticized loans remain at exceptionally low levels that are not sustainable through the cycle. Commercial Banking competition continues to increase but we expect our focused and specialized approach to deliver strong results in the commercial bank. I’ll conclude my remarks this evening on slide 10. In the second quarter of 2014, we posted another quarter of solid results for the company and across our businesses and we continued to return capital to our shareholders as we execute our announced $2.5billion share repurchase program. We're delivering these results in an operating environment that has both encouraging trends and continuing challenges. Credit remains relatively benign and our domestic card business is growing. On the other hand, the interest rate environment remains challenging and competition is picking up, particularly in auto and commercial. Capital One is earning very attractive risk adjusted returns and we continue to focus on multiple levers to sustain our profitability. We'll continue to pursue growth opportunities in card, auto and commercial banking as growth remains a high priority. We'll maintain our long standing discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our preemptive focus on resilience. And we will continue to manage expenses tightly in the context of investing to drive future growth, be a leader in digital banking and continue to meet rising industry regulatory requirements. We're on track to deliver 2014 pre-provision earnings of about $10 billion. We expect the 2015 pre-provision earnings will rise with growth in average loans driving increased revenues partially offset by a higher non-interest expense as we continue to invest to sustain growth and return. While the efficiency ratio will vary from quarter-to-quarter, we expect the full year 2015 efficiency ratio to be between 53% and 54% excluding non-recurring items. Capital distribution remains an important part of how we expect to deliver superior and sustainable value to our investors. We continue to generate strong earnings and work actively to return capital to shareholders. Now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris:  Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to see the other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up. If you have any follow up questions after the Q&A session, Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Justin, please start the Q&A.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, good evening guys. On the 2015 efficiency, the 53% to 54%, can you just give us some help understanding what type of backdrop you are assuming; are there expectation for rising interest rates; or any sort of acceleration in growth either in your loan portfolio or in the economy from the current levels?
Steve Crawford:  Yes Ryan, I think we gave guidance on 2015 on efficiency ratio and only gave guidance on that because we largely want to avoid forecasting other items. I do think it was important for us to express kind of what we think the potential is to drop additional revenues to the bottom-line as we move into 2015 but also to give you a real sense of what we think some of the investments are that we are making to ensure that we can sustain the returns we have which we think are very good and also grow going forward. So I mean you can see what’s happening in general on loan growth around the industry. And I think we leave it up to you to try and figure out where you think that’s going to go over the next 18 months.
Jeff Norris: You have a follow up Ryan?
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Thanks Jeff. You've obviously had some of the strongest growth that you've seen in quite some time and I take your point that we're likely not to see much in terms of the reserve releases going forward. But how should we just think about provisioning for growth? Should we think about charge-offs matching provisions from here or do you feel the reserve is at a good place and it could likely stay at the current levels?
Steve Crawford: Yes. Well, I think most people have been in the card industry have consistently assume that we’re at the end of the period of improvement and they have been consistently wrong for a long period of time. We just thought like it was important to say with where charge-offs are, which is pretty historic levels that we would bet against additional reserve releases going forward. I think a lot of people have continued to make that assumption over the last couple of years and they have been wrong.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: Sure. Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Thank you. I guess Rich you mentioned that loan yields were a headwind to other positives for the card revenue margin. I was wondering if you can just help us think about loan yield on the new loans that are coming on relative to those that might be running off and maybe those that you were originating pre-recession or card act. Just wanted to try to get a sense of kind of how that's progressing?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I think Ryan. First of all I just do want to say just a contextual thing and your question may or may not have been simulated by that. Average loan yield is sort of it had some funny dynamics over the past several quarters and year-over-year it starts officially heightened because of the Best Buy held for sale in 2013, by the Best Buy held for sale accounting and so on. But if you kind of just get beyond some of the noise in the current movement and perhaps it’s really better for me to speak in terms of revenue margin. I think there is a striking stability in revenue margin that really goes back a number of years when you think back to revenue margin in 2011 was around 17% then in 2012 we added HSBC and adjusted for purchase accounting, purchase accounting margin was also around 17% and then in 2013 if you really normalized for the Best Buy impacts and deal related items revenue margin was kind of in the low 17% range. And we had some offsetting things that were going on there from the removal of Best Buy’s low margin business roughly offset by a bunch of moves we made on things like payment protection, stopping the origination of that and some other kind of franchise enhancements. And we’ve also said that I think on a calibration across all the businesses that we operate and I think the most stable business in terms of the yields and the margins in the business overall is the card business. And so unlike say on the other end if the continuum on the auto business where we say the new originations are definitely at lot lower yield and margin and then what the back book has. I think the best way to think about it Ryan is that this, I mean Sanjay the front book has pretty strikingly similar kind of revenue dynamics to the black book. And I think that’s really in many ways a reflection of the stability of our own business model and a reflection of kind of the relative stability of pricing in the card market.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I think about sub-prime as a function of the total. I mean has that mix moved up in sub-prime, I mean is other opportunities in sub-prime that might not have been there a while ago?
Richard Fairbank: Some ways to more things change, the more they stay the same not to -- pretty similar to the revenue margin story that sub-prime mix in our portfolio stayed pretty similar. The FICO under 660 is been about a third of our outstandings in terms of like currently measured FICOs and that metric has been stable for an extended period of time.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura: Thank you. Good evening guys. Last quarter we saw relatively slower interchange revenue growth relative to your purchase volume growth, but this quarter we saw very strong than interchange revenue growth of 22% sequentially and 10% year-over-year. Can you give some color around that the dynamic that play here and talk about the sustainability of those trends?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. In the same way I cautioned when it was very poultry last quarter than it surges this quarter really kind of give you the same caution. In any individual quarter, the net interchange metric is -- I wouldn’t put too much reliance on trend reading based on that. The net interchange metric first of all includes a bunch of things. It’s got partnership contractual payments in it, it’s got international card in it and we periodically adjust our rewards liabilities based on what we are seeing in terms of customer trends, redemption rates and things like that. So and over the last few quarters as you say, net interchange growth has generally lagged general purpose credit card interchange growth significantly. But overall what we have said is that we expect the trend to have interchange growth lag general purpose credit card growth. We’d expect this, a lag with some volatility quarter-to-quarter to continue. And let me explain just a little bit what’s behind that. Our rewards programs have been and continue to be very successful and we are also though in addition to aggressively marketing new rewards originations, we are also working to build our long-term franchise by upgrading rewards products for our existing rewards customers and extending rewards products to some existing customers who don’t have rewards. And all of that means some near-term cannibalization but overall I think it really helps deepen the customer franchise. But those are facts I think will last for an extended period of time. So again, we feel very bullish about the ability to grow general purpose purchase volume, interchange should lag that with some quarterly volatility, but overall the economics of our rewards products, we feel very good about them. And what we're doing there is, over time we're building, growing that interchange revenue, additionally what comes with the territory of this business is the spenders build balances over time and they build finance charge revenues gradually over time and then you get the charge-offs for low attrition and kind of the long-term franchise dynamics is a whole thing. So, I appreciate the call, because I think it's important to understand why the interchange does have a lag there relative to the purchase volume, but to our part it's something we're investing in and feel very good about.
Bill Carcache - Nomura: Thank you for that detailed explanation that dynamic, that's really helpful. If I could as a follow-up, do you believe that we’re at a point in the recovery where perhaps the near prime revolver is finally starting to feel the benefits of what today many would argue has been a rather lop sided recovery favoring the affluent?
Richard Fairbank: I think that, I'm always a little cautious about using the recovery word. I mean this thing is if we're talking about recovery with a small r, I think in general certainly I think the recovery has been more manifest at the top of the market. But I think, yes, I would support the notion that I think we see across our business, some modest signs of some strengthening across the broader spectrum of the mass market. But I think these are all in the context of fairly modest effects at this point.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks very much. I just wanted to follow-up on the PPNR guidance and the OpEx guidance and just understand does this suggest that there is going to be some degree of incremental operating leverage heading out into next year or are revenues and expenses moving up more or less in lock step?
Richard Fairbank: I think -- go ahead Steve.
Steve Crawford: Yes. So, I guess it depends upon what your frame of reference is. I think our GAAP efficiency ratio in 2013 was a little over 55%; the first two quarters of this year we’ve been operating around 54.5%; and next year we’re talking about somewhere between 53% and 54%. So, if you’re defining operating leverage solely with respect to efficiency ratio, that number is going down over time.
Eric Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay, thanks for the clarity. And just a follow-up on the customer refunds issue. I think Steve you said that it’s playing out a little bit differently than you’d anticipated. I was just curious as to why you think that is?
Steve Crawford: It’s just the submissions in terms of that they’ve been coming down; they just haven’t been coming down at the rate that we expected. There is a little bit different of a trend line which is why we increased the number by 37 million. And a big part of that could be that there has been a fair amount of media about PPI recently; that could be one of the things that kind of drove the increase.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And the next question comes from Brad Ball with Evercore.
Brad Ball - Evercore: Rich, in talking about the growth that we saw this quarter, you mentioned three drivers: You said reward; non-high balance revolvers; and credit line increases. Can you give a sense as to which of those is driving the most receivable growth and are those the same drivers that you expect to drive U.S. card balance growth in the second half or will you be perhaps expanding the market to grow in the second half?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, I mean all three are important factors, I think that the investments in originating new account, all the efforts on originating new accounts be they on the top of the market side or in revolver other than high balance revolver. That has been a very study kind of growing thing. That is increasingly picking up traction and we feel good about that. The credit line increase thing has been a little bit more volatile as you recall really going back to the beginning of 2012, there is a bit of a brown out related to that as we retooled our capabilities in the context of some regulatory guidance that came down about the need for having income before we did a credit line increase. And the pattern of that is the problem solving to get solutions for that. We kind of got to a good place in the latter part of last year and then so we started initiating credit line increases on a growing basis around that time. And so part of the sort of surge that you see this quarter reflects that affect. It is not entirely -- it’s not a one quarter little blip, there is actually continuity and continued momentum in that one as well. So but that one is a little bit more of a surge than the other two effects that are just very steady kind of growing effects.
Brad Ball - Evercore: Great. And then separately on auto finance you mentioned that prime grew this quarter from capturing share, I think you had said in prior quarters that you were seeing some increased pricing pressure on prime. What’s the dynamic there and what’s your outlook for auto finance growth in the second half?
Richard Fairbank:  Yes. So, it’s a little -- you are a careful student of what we say because we have said as we have talked about the marketplace that the most competitive part of the credit spectrum is prime and that’s really in fact in terms of margins at a near cycle low in many ways although the underwriting is generally healthy but the pricing is really tight. In the subprime space things are compressing but are still at a healthier play. So then kind of the question is so why are we flat in subprime and growing prime, it is what we are doing is deepening our dealer relationships. In our dealers where we have a very strong position and in subprime, we have a lot of opportunity to grow in prime. And it's really -- there are two things going on, one is I think we feel good on a standalone basis about the economics of the prime business, although it's certainly on the lower end of returns and by the way of losses of the various things that we do. But, I think the biggest benefit is the deepening of the dealer relationships and the benefits that come across the credit spectrum in terms of the quantity and quality of the deal flow that we get. So, we feel, even as one time we've got a cautious eye on the pricing side on prime we feel good about this expansion that we just wanted to flag that most of the growth is coming, most of the incremental growth is coming on the prime side.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And the next question comes from Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup: Rich I know you've made some comments about card loan growth, but I just wanted to follow up. Is your sense that we'd be more likely to sort of keep out here in terms of industry card loan growth or do you think that we're potentially in an earlier part of the stage here? And then secondarily, do you think any differential in terms of the health of the consumer on the lower or high end.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So it's always hard, it's probably definitionally hard for anybody in the middle of these businesses to tease out the effects of industry growth versus one the growth that we ourselves are generating through our good innovation and marketing and so on. I mean you can see we’ve had some pretty striking sort of step forward here in the sense that going from I can’t remember something like a minus 3% year-over-year to a low single -- now a positive growth number in card, despite all the stuff that we’re running off. And as I look at it just from our kind of more narrow perspective I just see across all the things that we’re investing in we went out spent a lot of time testing and we’re rolling out on things that we’re testing and we’ve had a growing amount of innovation and we’re rolling that stuff out and it feels, it doesn’t feel like we’re just riding an industry tied up. I think this really feels very much like what we expected from the test that we did and the roll outs are performing very well and consistent with that and they’re sort of expanding in that sense. I am really pretty cautious to declare any kind of industry effect I’ve seen for such a long period of time that the virtually zero and for a long time kind of negative growth in terms of revolving debt and of course I do want to say too as we continue to just stay so at the [sounding] performance on the credit side. We should all remember that this effect that has kind of exceeded the expectation virtually anybody out there I think is certainly one of the important factors there is the flip side of the consumer cautiousness that’s holding back to growth. So, I don’t think as an industry we’ll get a package of a bunch more growth and just still like record low credit. What I do feel is very good about our own growth programs that we’ve steadily invested in and I think we've got good traction there and we hope to continue.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: Moving on the next question comes from Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Bob Napoli - William Blair: Thank you, good afternoon. The private-label card business, I would just like some updated thoughts on that and what you're thinking about as far Rich about opportunities. Are you seeing more opportunities obviously Nordstrom, you’re going to have a big file coming onto the market, you have a big competitor that's coming public, the GE capital spin-off, Synchrony I guess, just some updated thoughts on your opportunities if you're seeing more or less and excitement about that business?
Richard Fairbank: Well, gosh we certainly like the business. It’s three to four, probably four years ago, we didn’t have partnerships. So in some sense we’ve come a long way since then with over 20 partners and $15 billion of outstandings. Of course the biggest single effect of that was the purchase of the HSBC business, but also before that we had pretty actively entered the market and going after top of the line players [Kohl’s] being the flagship kind of partner there. So our view of this business is, it is a real natural for Capital One, because we're already a big player in the card business. And I think this business is also crying out for innovation, whatever digital innovation any of us are thinking about in banking, if you want an industry that is incredibly they need of digital innovation, it is the retailing business and I think that that an opportunity to leverage business and I think that that an opportunity to leverage our own digital innovation and that space is very exciting to us. And what we are trying to do in that space is not -- is even though scale matters a lot and it definitely matters a lot and all you have to do is look at the loss of scale that came from our walking away from Best Buy to see some of those marginal economics; scale really matters. And so that’s why we are very focused on growing. But I think each of the different players sort of has their different strategy. We are certainly trying to go more toward the higher end of the market in terms of the real quality retailers who are focused on building a franchise, deepening their customer relationships through the card as kind of the flagship and central nervous system of that transformation and that’s really our sweet spot and I think where we can create a unique positioning. You may have noticed that in an unusual move Kohl’s with whom we already had a contract for many years still proactively went out and thought to extent that by another five years because they were so and again you have to look at their own words on this, but very happy with the relationship we are building and said that in order to really invest to build the long term franchise with us, they wanted an even longer commitment because they felt we were soul mates about leveraging the cards really build the franchise. So that we see great promise in that business. In the near-term we have the challenge of that scale really matters and we are kind subscale. Yes, there are a lot of -- well there are several things that are sort of floating around in the market right now. And we will have to see how that thing turns out. But I really want to say that we still -- I still go back to the core principles that while growth really matters, what matters more than that is that we have quality partners who are motivated to do this for the right reason and a contract that really works. And where we find that, I think we want to be in a pole position to get those deals and I think over time, I like our chances.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And the next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse: Great, thanks. Rich, I saw and I heard you say something about the deposit margins coming down, even if interest rates rise. Could you kind of go over that, because I wasn't sure I got that?
Steve Crawford: Yes, I'm not sure that that was in the comment. What I think he said which is not inconsistent with what I think the rest of our peers are saying is that even if we have a near term rise in interest rates, that doesn't mean that you'll be showing better spreads in the consumer banking business.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse: Got you. And would you say that the terms of the Kohl’s contract are comparable to what they have been, because in the past, I mean your disclosures showed that you kind of remitted 90% of the revenues over to them. It's not clear what -- I mean maybe you could talk a little bit about what that partnership actually does for Capital One?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, I don't know, if we want to get into the details of the Kohl's contract, I think that, I think both we and Kohl's have felt that economically this is a good program for both sides, in fact I think in acid test our partnership, is it really works economically for both side. And some of the elements of this are kind of structured a little differently from some of the other programs that are out there, but not in a way to have adverse economics for us it’s just -- if you compare that structure to some others it’s a different way that the revenues flow and the payments work. But underlying, it’s a good program that with attractive economic opportunity for us and the renewal was while there were some changes in the terms, it was directionally along the similar lines.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And the next question will come from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good evening. Question on the purchase volume; you had a nice increase there obviously year-on-year up 11% and up significantly from last quarter. Just you talked through earlier about the drivers to the increase in the loan balances, I am just wondering if you could kind of parse out the different drivers to the purchase volume increase by the different products, the clients types that you have?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, the purchase volume Betsy is and here I really speak about the general purpose card, obviously there is purchase volume growth going on, on the private label side, but we’ve kind of more called your attention to the general purpose side since of course that’s where interchange and the branded, the branded card business is for us. So, we talked about year-over-year growth of 16% which is even up on what we’ve seen recently. The two effects that are going on is continued growth in the spender side of the business, both in consumer and in small business as a result of a lot of the marketing and customer experience work that we've been doing. And then also Betsy another factor that has boosted this is credit line increases and because of course what's happening is as people are selling their new credit lines, they're doing it through purchases as well. So that certainly added to this significant growth number.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I know the credit line increases typically with (inaudible) strategy you've got increases primarily targeted towards the lower end of the customer and near-prime customers as opposed to prime customers. Is that the way the credit line increase has been going recently I mean giving effect [you to brown] I'm just wondering if credit line increases are across the board in terms of the quality sort of customer or are they still move likely to be skewed towards near-prime than the super prime?
Richard Fairbank: I mean our credit line -- so I am going to go back to what led us to have a bit of a brown out in line increases and that was this regulatory requirement that one needed a validation of income before one did a line increase. So our line programs work across our entire portfolio, there was more impact on the lower end because we tend to start with lower lines and then the mechanism and then there are more line increases to get to a destination than say where you to get a venture card you would be starting with a pretty high line. So the differential impact was more on the lower side of the market of our portfolio, but really the effect and our roll out now of full capabilities and line increases is targeted across our whole portfolio.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator:  Next will be Matt Howard with UBS.
Matt Howard - UBS: Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the expense guidance again, just going back to last year the original guidance was (inaudible) under $600 million decline or improving efficiency. I guess what’s just changed as it just more opportunities you are seeing to take share or is there some other competitive dynamic that would suggest otherwise?
Steve Crawford:  Are you talking about -- I thought I heard you say expense efficiency?
Matt Howard - UBS: The operating expense, the previous guidance were forward to fall last…
Steve Crawford:  So if it’s operating, we really haven’t changed our guidance for ‘14 what we did tonight was add a bogie for 2015. With respect to our original guidance for ‘14 all we have said is that we expect higher revenues and higher expense relative to our original estimate.
Matt Howard - UBS: Okay. And just in terms of the pre-provision guidance I thought you said sort of higher $10 billion but higher revenue offset by higher expenses. We just didn’t know why the guidance were to fall year-over-year why would that have changed?
Steve Crawford:  The guidance for the efficiency ratio to fall?
Matt Howard - UBS: For the overall operating expense number.
Steve Crawford:  I am not sure I am following.
Matt Howard - UBS: I will follow up [offline]. Thanks.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator:  And that will come Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities:  Good afternoon thanks for taking my question. Just one question, Rich you mentioned in terms of the commercial loans a little bit of slowing in the loan growth there and I saw specifically in commercial real estate in the multifamily portfolio that was growing and annualized rate little bit about half of the rate of what you've done year-over-year. Is that from you are being tighter on underwriting or is that just a drop in demand across your markets?
Richard Fairbank: It's probably not technically either, we haven't tightened our underwriting nor have we loosened it. And I don't think demand is going down; if anything, I think demand is going up a little bit. I think -- but maybe I'm parsing words here, I think what's happening in some of these markets is that the markets are heating up in terms of competitive activity and some of the pricing in these spaces. So, what we have done and then multifamily is a good example of that. We are very working hard to grow, but not by lowering our underwriting standards. We work really hard within the context of our standards to get all the business that we can. And one of the things that we've said in parts of the commercial business probably even more so on the C&I side, there are increasing evidence of some underwriting in pricing, softening in the marketplace on the C&I side, certainly the I think the impact on the institutional investor side of covenant light loans, things like this. This is slowly kind of spreading into different parts of the commercial marketplace and that is the biggest reason that we’re saying over time this very significant growth rate that we have, we expect it to moderate just because we’re holding pretty firm on the standards that we will accept for these loans.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay Rich. And then I just want to follow-up on the comment you made at a conference recently about selectively placing branches across your platform. Obviously, you have a number of markets where you already have reasonable branch density. I guess I am just curious at this point given your comments about thinking about branches, if you are more interested now than you might have been in the recent past about making very targeted acquisitions of branches in and/or around where your branches currently sit.
Richard Fairbank: I think we are in a --- we’re big believers frankly in being on the forefront of the digital revolution in banking and it is clearly sweeping the banking industry. And we’re not just ideally kind of interested in it. You may have noticed that we bought ING Direct that had a very big investment in digital banking. What we have often said though is my perspective from one who’s started out over 20 years ago to build the company that I thought would be a kind of direct only company, over time I’ve really come to appreciate the benefits of physical distribution and face-to-face contact. What we’re trying to do is work backwards from where that market is going as opposed to just try to go recreate what others have done in classic banking. And therefore I think putting in some light physical distribution in key metro areas is part of our future, but I think we're going to go about this trying to go with the market is going and not through the classic kind of go acquire across the country kind of thing.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And our last question will come from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Good evening. I guess on back to the efficiency guide for 2015, I mean if I think back over the past few years, we've been on this kind of transitional period where there was the top bank initiative and scaling up to be one of the top five banks; and I mean I’m sure so that goes along with that; there has been the merger charges; increase in tangible amortization which now running down. And so I guess as I think now, 53% to 54% in 2015 recognizing that no environment is ever really normal or the end game, but would you view 53 to 54 as a roughly normalized level of efficiency for the company or would you still view it as a transitional year to some ultimately lower level?
Steve Crawford: Yes. Look, I think if we were going to talk about something through the cycle, we probably wouldn't pick efficiency ratio, because you can pay dividends and return capital out of what your efficiency ratio is. So I think it's reasonable and we think about what the right through the cycle level of profitability is. There may be a point where that discussion we have. But if we do that, it certainly wouldn’t be around efficiency guidance.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Fair enough. I guess as a follow-up and just a small thing. The jump in occupancy expense this quarter; is that a new run rate or was that just something that happened that was idiosyncratic to this quarter?
Steve Crawford:  No, that’s probably closer to a new run rate.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Thank you.
Steve Crawford:  Nothing idiosyncratic there.
Jeff Norris:  Well, thank you very much to everyone for joining us on the conference call today and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, if you have further questions, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Thanks again. Have a good evening.
Operator:  Thank you. And that does conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - SVP of Global Finance Richard Fairbank - Chairman and CEO Steve Crawford - Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Brad Ball - Evercore Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets Brian Foran - Autonomous Research Martin Kemnec - Jefferies Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities 
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, [Frety]. And welcome everyone to Capital One’s first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2014 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve are going to walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. With that I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Steve Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with slide 3 tonight. Capital One earned $1.15 billion or $1.96 per share in the first quarter. On a continuing operations basis, we earned $1.12 billion or $1.91 per share and had a return on average tangible common equity of 16.8%. As you know, our capital plan was approved in the quarter and our Board has authorized $2.5 billion in share repurchases over the next four quarters. Included in continuing operations results this quarter were a lower provision for loan losses driven by lower charge-offs and a $208 million allowance release and $27 million in discrete tax items, primarily related to changes in New York State tax law. Our historical financial statements have been revised, as we adopted a new accounting standard for investments in low income housing tax credits in the quarter, resulting in the cost of investing in qualified affordable housing projects no longer being recognized above the line in operating expense or rather below the line as a component of tax expense. In addition, the new accounting standard results in higher costs in the earlier years of the investment [flows] due to faster amortization, resulting in a modest reduction in historical earnings and a one-time $112 million reduction to retained earnings. We have provided an appendix slide that outlines the impact of the consolidated company and the segment results due to the adoption of the accounting rule. Excluding the impact above, operating expenses decline quarter over quarter, largely due to the absence of non-recurring restructuring expenses in the fourth quarter. Additionally, linked-quarter revenues were lower, driven largely by day count and lower seasonal volumes in cards. Turning to slide 4, let me briefly touch on net interest margin. Reported NIM decreased 11 basis points in the first quarter to 6.62%, more than entirely driven from the first quarter having fewer days worth of recognized income. Average interest-earning assets were down modestly quarter-over-quarter driven by lower average investment securities and cash offset by higher average loan balances. Average loans were higher on a linked-quarter basis due to continued growth in our auto, finance and commercial businesses offset by declines in card balances primarily due to seasonality. Our guidance for card runoff in 2014 remains $1 billion. We are updating our expectations for mortgage runoff in 2014 to $5 billion from $4 billion previously. Turning to slide five, I will briefly cover capital trends. As expected, Basel III standardized became our primary regulatory capital regime in the first quarter. Regulatory capital ratios for periods prior to the first quarter are reported under Basel I. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized fully phased-in basis was 11.7% in the first quarter compared to the same number of 10.9% in the fourth quarter of 2013. With the benefit of phasing our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio on a Basel III standardized basis was 13%, up 80 basis points from the same 12.2% in the fourth quarter of 2013. While there is still work in progress, industry wide on the final implications for capital under the Basel III advanced approaches , we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. Based on the quantitative and qualitative outcomes in the recent CCAR process, we look forward to returning capital to our shareholders through the approved $2.5 billion in share repurchases over the next four quarters. The bar surpassing CCAR is high and will likely continue to rise. We have and will continue to invest in our processes to exceed these standards. We have demonstrated our commitment to return capital and understand that remains an important part of return equation for our investors. Let me close briefly with an update of our expectations for 2014. The early adoption of the new accounting standard for low income housing tax credits and the change we made to prospectively recognize auto reposition expense and operating expenses instead of as a component of vehicle, impact on our outlook for PP&E and its components. We’ve previously expected pre-provision earnings for 2014 of approximately $9.8 billion excluding extraordinary items. Adjusting for the shift in geography of these two items with the impact of the new accounting standard being a primary driver, we now expect 2014 pre-provision earnings to be about $10 billion within a reasonable margin there. Looking beyond the impact of these geography moves, we expect some modest or principally offsetting changes with higher revenues offsetting higher expenses. With that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks Steve. I’ll begin on slide 7, with an overview of the domestic card business. Ending loans were down about 7% from the fourth quarter driven by expected seasonal pay downs and continuing planned run-off. Ending loans declined about 3% year-over-year. Excluding the planned run-off, the year-over-year decline in ending loans was about 1%. Purchase volume on general [purpose] credit cards, which excludes private-label cards, which don't produce interchange revenue, grew about 11% year-over-year. Looking below the surface, the year-over-year trends in loans and purchase volumes continue to reflect our strategic choices, which focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. We're avoiding high-balance revolvers and allowing the least resilient parts of the acquired HSBC portfolio to run-off. In contrast, we're seeing underlying year-over-year loan growth in many segments, including transactors and revolvers other than high-balance revolvers. New account originations continue to grow at a strong pace and we continue to see opportunities to increase lines for existing customers, which should improve the trajectory of both loan growth and purchase volume growth overtime. As we said last quarter, we expect these improvements to result in overall year-over-year loan growth in the domestic card business sometime in the second half of 2014. Revenue margin for the quarter was just under 17%, down seasonally from the fourth quarter. Revenue dollars were down about 10% year-over-year driven primarily by our choice to sell the Best Buy portfolio. Non-interest expenses improved by $119 million from the sequential quarter, driven by operating efficiency and seasonally lower marketing. On a linked-quarter basis, the charge-off rate increased by about 12 basis points to 4.01%. Delinquency rate decreased about 41 basis points to 3.02%. The improvement in delinquencies was better than normal seasonal expectations. First quarter charge-offs in delinquencies include the temporary increase we discussed last quarter. Recall that in July 2013, we changed a number of customer practices on the HSBC branded card portfolio to align them with regulatory guidelines and Capital One practices. These changes temporarily increased fourth quarter delinquency rate. The delinquency impacted largely run its course which contributed to the improvement in delinquency rate in the first quarter. We originally estimated that the changes to align HSBC customer practices would temporarily increase the monthly domestic card charge-off rate by about 35 basis points from December through March. The actual impact was closer to 25 basis points and we expect it to diminish to about 10 basis points in April and be mostly out of the charge-off rate by the end of the second quarter. Looking beyond these temporary impacts, we expect that our focus on resilience and our strong credit risk underwriting will continue to drive strong credit results with normal seasonal patterns. Our card business remains well positioned. We’re poised to return to year-over-year loan growth in the second half of 2014 despite continuing run-off and our choice to avoid high balance revolvers. We’re delivering strong, sustainable and resilient returns, and we’re generating capital on a strong trajectory, which strengthens our balance sheet and enables capital distribution. Moving to slide 8. The Consumer banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans declined about $35 million from the fourth quarter and about $2.9 billion year-over-year. Continued growth in auto loans was more than offset by expected mortgage runoff. Auto originations increased from the fourth quarter and remain on a strong growth trajectory. Subprime originations were relatively stable, while prime originations grew as we captured additional prime share from our existing dealers. Ending deposit balances grew by about $3.9 billion in the quarter. Year-over-year deposit balances declined about $1.1 billion, mostly in our legacy Capital One direct banking businesses. Consumer banking revenue was modestly lower compared to the fourth quarter driven by declining consumer banking loan balances, persistently low interest rates and margin compression in auto finance. Non-interest expense decreased $88 million in the quarter as a result of lower marketing expense in our deposit businesses, the absence of several small non-recurring operating expenses we recognized in the fourth quarter in continuating operating efficiencies. These improvements were partially offset by a change in the geography of where we recognize auto repossession expenses which are now included in operating expense rather than in net charge-offs. Provision for credit losses improved in the quarter. Auto charge-off rate and delinquencies improved in the first quarter in line with expected seasonal patterns and aided by the shift in presentation of repossession expenses that I just described. Home loans credit trends remain favorable and continue to perform well inside of the assumptions we made when we acquired the mortgage portfolio. The overall consumer banking charge-off rate remains strong at about 1%. While we continue to expect that auto finance revenues, margins and returns will decline as we move from exceptional levels to more cycle average performance, we remain committed to the auto finance business. We build deep and sustainable dealer relationships, we have developed proven underwriting and customer service capabilities and we expect that the auto finance business will continue to deliver resilient and well above hurdle returns. Additionally, we expect that the [inaccessible] impact of the prolonged low rate environment will continue to pressure the economics of our retail deposit business even if rates rise in 2014. As you can see on slide 9, our commercial banking business delivered another quarter of profitable growth. The current and historical results on slide 9 and in our financial tables have been restated to reflect the change in accounting for low income housing tax credits that Steve described earlier. As shown in the appendix slide, the net effects on the commercial banking segment are reductions in revenue, operating expense and income tax as well as the modest decrease in net income from operations. Loan balances increased about 3% in the quarter and 18% year-over-year, driven by growth in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and CRE. Loan yields declined in the quarter and compared to the prior year, driven by lower market pricing for increased competition and our choice to originate loans with even better credit quality. Revenues declined 12% from the fourth quarter. Lower loan yields as well as lower tax equivalent yields in our equipment leasing business drove the quarterly decrease in revenue. In contrast, revenues increased about 5% from the prior year. The year-over-year increase was the result of growth in loan and deposit balances across the franchise, partially offset by declining loan yields. Non-interest expense was up 15% from the prior year as a result of the Beech Street acquisition and continued growth in loan balances. In the quarter, non-interest expense was down about 9% with lower amortization expense and seasonal trends. Commercial credit remains very strong with the charge-off rate at 4 basis points. While the current very low charge-off levels are not necessarily sustainable, we continue to see low levels of non-performing and criticized loan balances, so we expect the strong credit performance of our commercial banking business to continue. While increasing competition particularly in generic middle market lending may continue to impact the pricing and volume of new loan originations, we expect our focused and specialized approach to deliver strong results in the commercial bank. I will conclude my remarks this evening on slide 10. In the first quarter of 2014, we posted another quarter of solid results for the company and across our businesses. We received no objection to our CCAR capital plan and announced the $2.5 billion share repurchase program that we expect to complete by the end of the first quarter of 2015. Capital One is earning very attractive risk adjusted returns and we expect that will continue in 2014. But we’re always focused on the important levers that will sustain and further improve our profitability. We are committed to tightly managing cost across our businesses. We don’t view this as a one-off initiative, it’s a major multi-year agenda and it remains the top priority in all of our businesses and in every budget cycle. Our credit results are strong driven by a long standing discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our continuing focus on resilience. Growth remains a high priority for us, but only in the context of the preemptive focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient return. We expect planned run off will drive declining home loan balances. On the other hand, we expect growth in areas we’re emphasizing including commercial banking and out finance will continue, and we expect year-over-year growth in domestic card loans to resume in the second half of 2014. And with respect to capital, our CCAR submission and our 2014 capital plans are strong evidence of our commitment to return capital to shareholders. The bar for passing CCAR is high and will likely continue to rise. We have invested and we’ll continue to invest in our processes to exceed these rising standards. Our capital and liquidity positions remained strong. Our businesses continue to deliver attractive and sustainable returns and generate capital on a strong trajectory. Industry loan growth remains low and in our case, planned run-off frees up capital as well. We're comfortable also with our strategic footprint. These conditions create excess capital that can be distributed to shareholders. We recognized that capital distribution is important to our investors and capital management remains an important part of how we expect to deliver superior and sustainable value to our investors in 2014 and beyond. Now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to a single question, plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. [Vicky], please start the Q&A session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we'll go first to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan Nash - Goldman Sachs: Yes, just two quick questions. I guess first on loan growth, you're still talking about returning positive in the back half of the year. Can you just help us understand some of the drivers behind that? Is it from new account acquisitions driven from the recent marketing spend, is there an expectation that the existing customer base will begin revolving against slower run-off. Can you just tease out what some of the main drivers are? And then for Steve, just thinking on a longer-term on capital return, you talked several times that the bar does continue to rise. But given the strong capital position all else equal, do you think the current year's capital return is sustainable or given the fact that you don't move to be in advance for several years, we can actually see further increases to capital returns in the near-term? Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Yes Ryan, we continue to be on track to have loan growth in our card business return in the second half of 2014. What’s really driving that is continued success in new account origination; I think we feel very good about the results we see there. On the existing customer base things are going very well and we’ve gotten traction, a lot of traction in the line increase area where I am sure you know that we had sort of a brown out with respect to line increases as we were adapting to a regulatory guideline. So, that’s pretty much back on track. So we feel good with respect to being able to play offense if you will. With respect to the defense side, every year the run-off becomes less and we continue on our journey of running off also our high balance revolver. And so net-net, the line is finally crossed in the second half of this year and I think we feel good about the trajectory from there.
Steve Crawford:  So Ryan, as Rich mentioned, we’re not at a point where we’re prepared to provide specific guidance going forward and I am sure you can imagine there is a bunch of reasons for that. But in our couple of observations, some of which you’ve heard it from Rich and I already. One, the qualitative bar continues to go up for all banks and I think the good reasons for us to emphasize flexibility in our future capital plans probably means that share repurchases will be a continuing emphases. And I think in terms of thinking about payout levels going forward, I kind of go back to the way Rich ended, which is we have a really strong capital position and continue to deliver high returns. Industry-wide loan growth is relatively low and in our case it’s magnified by run-off. We continue to be comfortable with our strategic footprint. So, and most importantly, I think hopefully demonstrated over the last couple of years; we understand how important capital return is to delivering enduring value to our shareholders.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Thank you. I guess I’ll ask my couple of questions upfront. Steve, I was just wondering if you could just go over that breakdown of the revision in the PP&E again. Just how much is coming from the specific tax changes versus other stuff of that $200 million increase in PP&E? And then secondly, question for Rich. We’ve had a couple of large players in auto go public recently, one that’s pretty focused on prime and I think I heard you say that you guys took share in prime from dealers. I was just wondering if you could talk about how you expect the trajectory to be going forward in auto lending in terms of growth. Thank you.
Steve Crawford: So let me go first. In terms of the PP revisions, again these are primarily changes in geography. So, we would have approximately $240 million of incremental operating expense. If we have the current standards prevail into this year with respect to how we were accounting for [Litech], we would similarly have $40 million that would stay in (inaudible) instead of moving up to operating expense. These are again approximate numbers that gets you to the around $200 million, which is why the guidance went up from $9.8 billion to $10 billion, again that excludes extraordinary items and we’re not defining that’s the last decimal point.
Richard Fairbank: Yes Sanjay, in the auto business we continue to feel very good about the auto business. We’ve wanted to make sure that our investors understood that the confluence of kind of once in a lifetime event that led to extraordinary return opportunities and exceptional growth opportunities that’s redressing towards the main, but that’s not to take away from that fact that we continue to feel good about the opportunities to be very successful and earn well above hurdle rate returns in this business. The growth -- basically I think the way to think about the growth trajectory is subprime is pretty flat these days and we continue to grow in the prime space and that’s really just further penetration of the dealers that we have very good relationships with. So it’s kind of a natural to do this growth. And so despite that growing competition and of course we see two players that are now out there with IPOs and they are going to be intensely trying to generate growth, I think we feel pretty good about our position here. Of course the prime growth, as we get a mix change with more prime growth and more flattish on the subprime side that puts additional kind of pressure on the overall average margin and in addition to just what’s happening competitively. The other thing just to say on the auto growth side is the -- we continue to keep a close watch on the underwriting practices that are going on in the business. And I think it’s pretty much the same story I have been saying the last few quarters. There is a little slippage on some of the metrics, but overall still more slippage back towards the main as opposed to things that would cause us to really pull back.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities. Bill check your line.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Hello, can you hear me?
Jeff Norris: We can hear you Bill.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Okay, great. Thank you. You guys had a healthy year-over-year purchase volume growth as did some other issuers that have reported but you as that they also saw a non-interest income decreases in your card segments? And I was wondering if you could talk to what's driving that? It seems that there is a benefit from the interchange revenues that would be kind of on the plus side, but maybe if you could talk about what else is going on that would be helpful?
Richard Fairbank: Bill on the, so first of all just purchase volume continues strong for Capital One and we think we're continuing to gain share of role in that space. With respect to non-interest income, there are couple of things going on, first of all our interchange growth in the quarter was basically flat despite the significant growth in purchase volume and more importantly the significant growth in general purpose credit card purchase volume. And I just want to point out, there is a lot of volatility in that particular metric in anyone quarter. But there is also a medium term kind of sustaining phenomenon here where we are very committed to our rewards business and we are upgrading rewards products for some of our existing rewards customers and consistent I think with the industry overall extending rewards product to some existing customers who don’t have rewards. And so near-term you will see some interchange cannibalization as we do this, this is very intentional and it’s all part of building a deeper customer franchise and all part of frankly are deep believe in the power of building relationships through strong rewards business. The other thing is the late fees were light in the quarter reflecting the delinquency real strong delinquency performance and that’s probably something that a number of other competitors would have seen as well. But a little light on the interchange side and late fees that’s a flip side of a very good credit effect are the contributors to a little weakness on the non-interest income.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities: Thank you so much Richard, I was hoping I could ask one follow up to Stephen. I had a question on your target 8% common equity Tier 1 ratio under Basel III I was hoping that maybe you could discuss the extent to which the severely adverse scenario under CCAR could become your binding constraint I was just looking to get your thoughts on whether those two ratios could produce difference answers that could impact what you manage the business to? And that’s it, thank you.
Steve Crawford:  Well that’s a great question frankly it’s a long way off in the future for us and we’ve just had the first couple of banks exit parallel and those banks to my understanding even in the 2015 fee cost they’re not going to be tested assuming the advanced approaches apply. So I don’t think anybody can give you a really good feel as to the intersection between CCAR and advanced approaches. What I would tell you in terms of how we think about our capital that is you start with an assessment of the proper capital levels for our inherent risk. As you know we’ve talked about the company’s use of stress test for many years in assessing how much capital we use. And we’re also informed by relevant experience, we had hopefully the most robust test we’ll have for a while in the great recession. So a lot of that is the grounding for the capital that we need but moving away from the internal view, there are still moving pieces it’s not just how advanced approaches gets into CCAR I don’t think CCAR is stable at this point. And we haven’t even entered parallel run. So while there is significant uncertainty we believe the 8% target is right and wouldn’t communicate that to Europe, we thought it was fairly inconsistent with the regulatory framework. That’s not a guarantee that 8% is the correct point estimate. But any other number at this point would be speculative and remember our 8% number does include a 100 basis point cushion above regulatory amendments.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Brad Ball with Evercore.
Brad Ball - Evercore: Thanks. Could you talk about the card revenue margin, the compression this quarter was entirely seasonality or were there others factors and how do you feel about the revenue margin in the context of the growth that you are talking about in the second half, are you thinking around 17% would be still sustainable and then just lastly on credit, the delinquency improvement, I suppose this quarter is what drove the reserve release is there still more room for additional reserve releases going forward, what’s your thought on credit broadly? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank:  Okay. Brad on the revenue margin, yes in terms of the first quarter, the revenue margin for the quarter was 16.9% and that’s down from 17.3% in the fourth quarter and that decrease, you are right was primarily driven by normal seasonality of the revenue margin. And sort of putting the revenue margin in the context, 2011 the revenue margin was around 17%, 2012 we added the HSBC portfolio and adjusting for a purchase accounting effects the margin was also around 17%. In 2013 after adjusting for Best Buy help for sale impacts and the deal related items, the revenue margin was also in the low 17% range. The benefits from the removal of Best Buy’s low margin business were roughly offset by what we call franchise enhancement so basically moves that we are making to consistent with our very strong customer advocacy things we’re doing in the company. And going forward there are going to be many puts and takes on the revenue margin. There will always be some franchise enhancement actions that we continue to take overtime, but I think overall we believe Brad, the margin will remain healthy, we’re not going to give a specific forecast about the revenue margin, but I think we believe it will continue to be strong. And on credit, yes, the delinquency is what drove the release. It’s just, you probably heard and we keep saying quarter after quarter, it’s hard to imagine things getting much better than this. And let’s really enjoy it while we’re in this part of the cycle. I think we are struck by the strength of the credit performance, we continue to see the relatively low delinquency levels and the low roll rate. So, I don’t think as we look at it that we’re here to declare that credit is going to get even better, but I think I would say this that the continued strong performance of all the credit metrics reinforces our strength, our belief in the strength and continuation of a good credit performance that can help generate very nice returns in the business.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital Markets.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Hi, can you hear me? Sorry about that. So I just had a couple of questions, and I apologize I got to the call a little later. But one question I have is in terms of your liquidity coverage ratio requirements. Where do you stand on that? How far along you think you are? And how should we think about the impact to net interest margin as you try to make progress on the LCR?
Steve Crawford: Is that it?
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: That was the first question, sorry.
Steve Crawford: Okay. So let me start with LCR. Basically we don’t think there is going to be a material financial impact. It’s a little bit hard to be, too definitive on the ultimate impact because we don’t even have final rules at this point. But I think almost -- unless the rules change materially, we wouldn’t see a real financial impact from this. There is however the greater operational and governance burden that’s primarily a function of having to calculate this ratio on a daily basis and kind of when the industry needs to be able to do that certainly plays into the operational challenges. But we will be able to satisfy what currently it seems like the bar you have to get over which is the 80% LCR ratio requirement as of January ‘15.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. And just my follow on question is on a different note. I think you announced that you are going to seize working with some sort of providers like payday lenders and cheque cashers and the like. It would be helpful just to get your sense or your perspective on that. Why seize working with all of these providers, why not just start working with some of the ones who are less compliant or is the issue of trying to figure about who is or isn’t compliant with the regulatory requirements? I’d just like to get your thought process as far as that goes.
Richard Fairbank:  Yes. Sameer, we consistently review our business plans across the company and our customers individually and as groups to ensure that they are aligned with our strategic goals and our objectives on all dimensions including regulatory compliance and everything. And we took a number of factors into consideration and determined that the check cashing business being bankers to check cashers no longer fits with our strategic priorities. The financial impact of this exit is really not material. This business was the small part of the overall enterprise.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: Good afternoon. I guess one question on the guidance and then I had follow-up on auto. Steve, you mentioned beyond the geography moves, so setting aside all that. There were some modest upgrades to the revenue expectations offset by expenses. I wonder if you could just -- what drove the upgrades to your revenue expectations, any sense of magnitude and are the offsetting expenses more on the marketing side or on the operating expense side?
Steve Crawford: Yes. That is down to as you kind of probably anticipate the answer to this question down to a level of guidance in detail that we’re not going to go to like last year. We provided guidance and as we move through the year we really stand it on to provision net revenue. This is a really dynamic business with a lot of moving pieces. And as was true last year, we may get to the guidance that we laid out at the beginning of the year in different ways. We’ve centered on pre-provision net revenue for a bunch of reasons, but it’s obviously the foundation for our ability to invest the future growth and to return capital to you. Adjusted for changes in geography, we’re not changing our guidance, which obviously excludes extraordinary items. And as Rich mentioned, we’re leaving out the credit story, which remains pretty strong as well.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research: I appreciate that. And then on auto, and I guess with the benefit of hindsight, I mean your originations pulled back a lot in 4Q ‘12 through 2Q ‘13, they’ve kind of reaccelerated in the second half of ‘13 and the various credit data that’s out there for you and competitors, if you guess to the extent there was a problem that was in the first half ‘13 [vintages], in the second half ‘13 vintages are improving or performing better. I wonder if you agree with that. And if -- what was it about the first half ‘13, because it is not obvious when you look at credit cycles or terms across the industry why kind of across the industry first half ‘13 than to just see little weaker in second half ‘13 and first half ‘14 seem to now be doing better?
Richard Fairbank: So I’m not sure what you are referring to, I don’t have our origination data right in front of me, but I’m not sure what you are referring to about a pull back in 2012. My recollection to the following that the auto business spiked early in the great recession. A lot of people exited, we pulled back to our really core dealer relationships and then looked for the inflection points. You may remember that we’ve often articulated that some of the best lending opportunities are actually in the [roads] of downturns when you pass kind of inflection point relating to customer behavior and competitor supply and demand and sort of underwriting standards. And so really into as I recall it was in 2009 and in the 2010 that we really accelerated originations in the auto business and we have continued very strong right through this point all through this period believing this is kind of the best part of the cycle and checking very carefully each vintage. As it’s turned out, despite our inflection point monitoring and our belief that this was the best part of the cycle and the supply and demand were in a good place, the vintages have actually outperformed in a good way our own expectations. And so certainly in hindsight, we feel very good about our acceleration. And I’m not aware of anything that would characterize the early -- the vintages in the first half or second half of a particular year. Along the way with these vintages there has been some expansion of -- some loosening of our very tight credit standards back to just tight, if you will. And so a couple of the vintages have had expected higher risk, but overall this has been a continuous period of accelerating originations and very strong credit performance.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Daniel Furtado with Jefferies.
Martin Kemnec - Jefferies: Hi, can you hear me?
Richard Fairbank: Yes.
Martin Kemnec - Jefferies: Great. Hey, this is Martin Kemnec in for Dan Furtado today. Thanks for taking my question. First, can you kind of help us think about sort of the impact that higher rates have on the transactor strategy and how you guys can maybe potentially look to offset some of the higher cost to carry there? I mean does that strategy become uneconomical with short rates pushing up at some point down the road? And just kind of maybe walk us through what type of leverage you can pull either on the funding side or the reward side? And then secondly Steve maybe for you, pretty impressive when we look at the recovery levels in the card book, at least what we can see from kind of the master trust seems to be pushing higher in the early part of this year. Is that kind of an organic effect as the economy improves, we’re seeing a little bit better consumer spending numbers, things picking up, or is that sort of an inorganic effect from potentially selling those accounts and then booking the gain there, maybe just an update on the dynamics you’re seeing on recoveries and expectations for that going forward?
Richard Fairbank:  Okay. Martin, let me take first of all your question about our transactor business and its exposure to higher interest rates. We fund the expected lifetime balances for our transacting customers. And we expense rewards as they are earned. So as such, as rates rise, we feel very good about preserving the profitability and the benefits for our existing customers. Additionally, we subject our investment decisions as you can imagine to worsening conditions in the marketplace including higher interest rates. So, our products have a built-in resilience even at a higher interest rate level. Of course, should rates rise enough, I think you get kind of to the point that, and all players would be pretty equally affected. I think the industry would probably react and the going forward product structures would logically potentially adapt at that point. But in terms of the exposure to us, we kind of lock in as the best we can sort of all the existing things and we build in a buffer. And then I think if there were an adaptation, it would be an industry adaptation and we would react at that time. With respect to recovery levels in the card business, I’ll make just a general comment about the recovery levels. In general, recovery dollars tend to come down somewhat at this stage of the cycle. It’s kind of the math of the shrinking inventory of fresh charge-offs against which to recover. So in general, recovery rates have -- recovery dollars have been coming down just because recoveries are highest on fresh inventories, in the fresh inventories the good news is we haven’t been supplying our recoveries team with as much supply as they’ve been used to, so that’s a good thing. It is also the case with respect to asset sales -- I mean debt sales. We are probably the lowest, they’re among the very lowest in the industry in terms of extent of debt sales. But those are sort of opportunistic decisions made based on pricing in the marketplace and that can affect any particular quarter for some of the metrics as well.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good evening gentlemen. My first question is bigger picture. Rich, you’ve been a long-term observer in capital and it’s been a long-term participate in the revolving credit market in the U.S. in particular. And I guess looking at the market today in consumers, do you sense that there is a difference or a change in their willingness to borrow? Obviously we’ve seen very slow revolver growth, generally speaking, there is obviously some higher levels of debt still existing from the housing crisis. I wonder how you are thinking about the longer term growth prospects for revolving credit. And I have a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Ken, I think we all in this business have just been struck by for really a number of years now, credit kind of comes in a little better than expected and growth is kind of hard to come by. And I think those are the flip side of the same phenomenon and it’s really what you’re identifying. The consumer is just being very conservative. In some ways Ken, the very thing that sort of frustrates the economy from growing, which is consumers are not spending enough, what are they doing with their money? Well, a lot of times they are paying down debt and just being extra careful. From a banking point of view, we should all be careful what we wish for here because the flip side of this growth weakness on the borrowing side is a tremendous kind of strength on the credit side and that has been powering a lot of great performance for some of the banks over this period of time. I do think though it’s part of the macro trend and delevering that frankly consumers and corporations have been doing for a number of years. So, it’s hard to prognosticate, but we generally operate with an outlook that revolving debt will probably be, the growth of revolving debt will be pretty slow. You’ve seen student lending of course growth has been pretty electrifying over this period of time and we’re not in that business, we’ve had a few cautions about that, but certainly that has been up. And we have been struck too by the strength of auto, borrowing over this period of time, solid borrowing and very good credit performance. But I think overall, what you’re seeing is the consumer that has I think learned a lot through the great recession and is cautious. And I think that our metrics are probably likely to reflect that for better and for worse.
Ken Bruce - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you had -- obviously the revenue margin has benefited from very low funding costs over the last few years and it’s nice to not hear you speaking about 15% revenue margins anytime soon. But I guess, I’m interested in how you’re thinking about defending those margins as rates rise, obviously funding costs have been quite low. And I guess this discussion around whether those core deposits are going to be sticky at these levels is really what I’m getting at, if you can give us any thoughts around that that would be helpful?
Steve Crawford: The business overall was or for card specifically, because I think for the business overall, you can look at our exposure to rising rates and we actually feel pretty good about our asset sensitive position. And that’s going to accrue to the benefit of our shareholders, because we think obviously assets are going to re-price a little bit faster. So, if it’s more of a card specific question, we can deal with that. But I think overall when you look at our position, we compare I think pretty favorably with the peer group.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please?
Operator:  We’ll go next to Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets:  Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just the first question, I think someone mentioned the pace of run-off in the mortgage book to accelerate from $4 billion to $5 billion this year and just wondering given what we’ve seen in the [MBA] did installing refinancing activity, is there anything specific to the portfolio, it seems you’re buckling the trend a little bit in terms of slowing prepayments? And then the second question was regarding commercial bank yields. It did job pretty sharply this quarter. Just wondering if they will continue to compress or this is kind of a new level going forward.
Steve Crawford:  No, there is nothing specific on price revision and increased mortgage run-off, it maybe a little bit I think you have to go back and look at when we provided the guidance and what rates were at that point versus what rates are now. I think you’d probably find there is a better connection there between the run-offs.
Richard Fairbank:  Scott, on commercial yields if we take the year-over-year perspective, loan yields decreased by 44 basis points due to the few factors. I think at the top of our list would be the increased competitive pressure in the market especially in the vanilla markets that have very, very large number of banks competing in it like the C&I sort of generic businesses. We also have shifted toward, more towards floating rate loans that has had an impact. We’ve always had very high quality originations, but we’ve even shifted toward loans with even higher credit quality and with a bit of trade-off with yields there. And ultimately in terms of how we make money. Our spreads have been somewhat, have not decreased by the same magnitude the loan yield has. It’s partly offset by lower funding cost, but overall certainly the competitive environment is contributing to that. Quarter-over-quarter I don’t think I am going to go into details that we have the total tax equivalent yield that kind of affect that makes a lot of noise. But competitively in the C&I business spreads definitely continue to compress and there has been some weakening in the non-investment grade credit structures as well. So we’re pretty cautious in those spaces. In commercial real-estate the spreads we see pressure on pricing and limited pockets of weaker lending terms but that’s largely in construction. I think banks are being a lot more disciplined in real-estate and also you have a big difference between the C&I business and CRE business, in CRE the CMBS channel has been largely sidelined while of course the CLO market is back to levels that are pretty close to 2007 level, so that’s putting extra pressure on the C&I business. So -- and again our strategy is mostly focused on specialty lending which is affected by all of these trends but tends to be -- the margins are holding up better because of the more balanced supply and demand.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator: We’ll go next to Chris Donat with Sandler O'Neill.
Chris Donat - Sandler O'Neill:  Hi good afternoon thanks for taking my call, just had one question on the comment about higher rewards that are netted against interchanges. Is this reflecting the growth of the quick silver card and the cash rewards or is this amore of a mix with venture or just broader changes in customer behavior in use of rewards?
Richard Fairbank:  It’s really, it’s several effects, so first of all, we have our flagship venture and quick silver products that have pretty rich rewards for the consumers and as a percentage of our whole book those are growing. Then you have our extension of the richer rewards to existing rewards customers and then you also have extending rewards further to some customers who have not been a reward customer. So all of those contribute to this gap between purchase volume growth and interchange growth and in the -- there is sort of a transitionary period where some of these penetration effects are more noticeable and I flag that only because we’re in sort of one of those kind of periods. But it’s the flip side of our real belief in the power of this business model and in many ways the success of our rewards business.
Operator:  We will take our last question for the evening from Matt Burnell.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Good evening gentlemen. Just I guess a question on the income statement. It looks like professional services costs were down pretty visibly quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. I wonder if that has to do with CCAR preparation or is there is some other factor driving that and how we should think about that number going forward?
Steve Crawford: Yes, I wouldn't over read anything or seasonal impacts in that the CCAR of anything would be a small portion of it and it’s obviously incorporated into our overall guidance for the year.
Matt Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And just not to get too deep into the weed but commercial real estate growth continues to be high teens 20% year-over-year. And I guess I'm just curious, Rich I understand your commentary about remaining very cautious or diligent in terms of your underwriting. But there are some markets in the Southeast and particularly DC that have been flagged as being relatively aggressive. And I guess, I'm just curious if you're seeing the same trends in those markets and how aggressive the competition has gotten in those the markets with commercial real estate?
Richard Fairbank: So, again I would say, my overall observation from the market, the blended kind of observation from the markets we’re in is that commercial real estate is quite a bit tamer than the C&I business. And I think it's really just frankly the flip side of the fact that C&I performed so well in the last downturn and is available to so many banks that you have sort of a lot of folks rushing in there. And then you have the CLO impact, the growing CLO impact as well. So, that's the area I'd flag as the biggest concern we have. On the commercial real estate side, again I think in most places people are licking their wounds and there is generally we see behavior that is more careful but that varies by markets, we don’t do commercial real estate in the southeast so I really don’t have an observation on that, we are relatively small players in DC. But I guess -- and more than half of our, the majority of our commercial real estate in fact is in New York City that has a lot of strong market dynamics going on right now and generally the behavior is not too irrational. But beyond sort of those qualitative descriptions I mean we spend a lot of time looking at key metrics and what’s happening to those key metrics. And when we look at LTV debt service coverage ratio and debt yield in commercial real estate we see things that are well within the guard rails we would look at and frankly are still I think we are still pretty comfortable with how we see those metrics moving in the marketplace, at least with respect to the loans we are originating.
Operator:  At this time I turn the call back over to Jeff Norris for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Norris:  Thanks very much and thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call today. We thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the Investor Relations team would be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator:  That does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Bradley G. Ball - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Jason Arnold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Daniel Furtado - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Justin, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. And to access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2013 results. With me tonight are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not take -- undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff, let me begin on Slide 3 this evening. Capital One earned $859 million or $1.45 per share in the fourth quarter. Like last quarter, we have included a reconciliation table in the appendix that shows non-GAAP deal-adjusted net income in the quarter of $1 billion or $1.75 per share. Pre-provision earnings of $2.3 billion were down $240 million from the third quarter, primarily driven by seasonally higher marketing expenses and nonrecurring restructuring expenses. Additionally, linked-quarter revenues were lower, driven by the portfolio sale. Provision expense increased on a linked-quarter basis, as we recognized seasonally higher charge-offs and a smaller allowance release. Consistent with the estimates we provided in January of this year, 2013 pre-provision earnings were approximately $10 billion, excluding nonrecurring items. Operating expenses for 2013 were also in line with our previous estimate, with actual operating expenses coming in a little higher than $11.1 billion. Moving to Slide 4. Let me touch on net interest margin, which decreased 16 basis points in the fourth quarter to 6.73%, primarily driven by the impact of the sale of Best Buy. This was partially offset by higher yields on our investment portfolio. Average interest-earning assets were down quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by the full-quarter impact of the Best Buy portfolio sale and expected runoff in mortgage loans, partially offset by growth in commercial and auto. Total interest-bearing deposits were down quarter-over-quarter, driven by planned runoff in our legacy direct bank. We continue to expect portfolio runoff of about $1 billion in card and about $4 billion in mortgage in 2014. Moving to Slide 5. Our Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis declined about 50 basis points in the quarter to end at 12.2%, reflecting the completion of our previously announced share buyback program, as well as higher assets in the quarter. We estimate our pro forma fully phased in Basel III standardized Tier 1 common equity ratio to be 10.9% as of December 31. This will become our primary regulatory capital ratio beginning in the first quarter of 2014. While there's still work in progress industry-wide on the final implications for capital under the Basel III advanced approaches, we continue to estimate we are above our target of 8%. Our own estimates of earnings and capital under severely adverse stress scenarios, bolstered by our actual performance in the Great Recession, suggest we have substantial flexibility to return capital to shareholders and remain well capitalized. However, we note that the Fed's modeling under CCAR will potentially result in material lower ratios under stress than our own internal modeling. For some time, we have highlighted for our investors that the Federal Reserve has increasingly done its own modeling in successive CCAR iterations and would take on balance sheet modeling in the 2014 CCAR. On December 16, the Federal Reserve released additional information about how it will independently project banks' balance sheets and risk-weighted assets for the 2014 CCAR process. It appears that the Federal Reserve will assume loan growth of about 2% in loans under severely adverse stress, across the banking industry and across different types of loans. This is particularly noteworthy for credit card and consumer businesses as we would expect significant contraction in loans in our credit card and auto businesses in our stress scenario, consistent with the industry and our own experience in past recessions. All that said, our view of our own capital strength and trajectory and our intent to distribute capital to shareholders have not changed. In our recent 2014 CCAR submission, we requested share repurchases that, if approved, would result in a total payout ratio well above the 2013 industry norm of 50%. Let me close tonight with a brief comment on 2014 expectations. We expect 2014 GAAP pre-provision earnings, excluding nonrecurring items, of approximately $9.8 billion with a reasonable margin of error. We continue to expect 2014 operating expenses of approximately $10.5 billion, again, excluding nonrecurring items. And we expect marketing expenses to rise in 2014, although as always, actual marketing expenses will depend on our assessment of market and competitive opportunities. After adjusting 2013 revenues for the loss of Best Buy, which contributed a little over $630 million in revenues, this year, we expect very modest revenue growth in 2014. There are other important factors, which drive the ultimate earnings to shareholders, Rich will spend more time on credit trends by line of business. In addition, rep and warranty and litigation continue to be a significant source of uncertainty for the industry and Capital One is no exception. With that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 7 with an overview of the Domestic Card business. Ending loans grew seasonally and were up about 5% from the third quarter, despite the continuing planned runoff. Ending loans declined about 12% year-over-year. Excluding the Best Buy portfolio sale and the planned runoff, the year-over-year decline in ending loans was about 1%. Purchase volume on general purpose credit cards, which excludes private-label cards that don't produce interchange revenue, grew about 8% year-over-year. Looking below the surface, the trends in loans and purchase volumes continue to reflect our strategic choices, which focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. We're avoiding high-balance revolvers and allowing the least resilient parts of the acquired HSBC portfolio to runoff. In contrast, we're seeing strong underlying loan growth in many segments, including transactors and revolvers other than high-balance revolvers. New account originations are growing, and we're seeing more opportunities to increase lines for existing customers, which should improve the trajectory of both loan growth and purchase volume growth over time. As we said last quarter, we don't expect these improvements to result in overall Domestic Card loan growth until sometime around the second half of 2014. For the next couple quarters, we expect underlying loan growth will continue to be offset by shrinkage in the parts of the business we're avoiding. Revenue margin for the quarter was 17.3%, down from the third quarter due to the absence of held-for-sale accounting impacts. Recall that the third quarter revenue margin, excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, was 17.2%. The underlying revenue margin was relatively stable on a linked-quarter basis, as expected seasonal declines were offset by the favorable run rate margin impact from the sale of the Best Buy portfolio. The portfolio sale also drove the quarterly decline in revenue dollars. Noninterest expense improved by $49 million in the quarter, driven by the absence of the third quarter legal reserve addition, partially offset by an increase in marketing expense. On a linked-quarter basis, the charge-off rate increased seasonally by about 22 basis points to 3.89%. Delinquency rate decreased about 3 basis points to 3.43%. Fourth quarter charge-offs and delinquencies were impacted by the temporary increase we discussed last quarter. Recall that in July, we changed a number of customer practices on the HSBC branded card portfolio to align them with Capital One policies and practices. These changes temporarily increased Domestic Card delinquency rate by about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter and temporarily increased the monthly domestic charge-off rate by about 35 basis points in December. We expect the monthly charge-off rate to remain temporarily elevated by about 35 basis points through March, in addition to normal seasonality. We expect the impact will diminish in April and we'll be mostly out of the charge-off rate by the end of the second quarter. To be clear, these estimated impacts are only one of the many factors that will drive charge-offs and are not meant as forecasts for specific quarterly or monthly metrics. Looking beyond the short-term trend, we expect that our focus on resilience and our strong credit risk underwriting will continue to drive relatively stable credit results at historically strong levels with normal seasonal patterns. Our card business remains well positioned. We're delivering strong, sustainable and resilient returns, and we're generating capital on a strong trajectory, which strengthens our balance sheet and enables capital distribution. Moving to Slide 8. The Consumer Banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans declined about $500 million from the third quarter. Continuing growth in auto loans was more than offset by expected mortgage runoff. Auto originations declined modestly in the fourth quarter, in line with seasonal trends we've observed in the past. For the full year 2013, subprime originations were relatively stable, while prime originations grew as we captured additional prime share from our existing dealers. More prime originations add to the pressure on margins and partially offset the expected increase in delinquency and charge-off rates. Ending deposit balances declined by about $800 million in the quarter. We have ample deposit funding in a period of relatively low overall loan growth, so we've throttled back on growth, mostly in legacy Capital One direct deposit businesses. Consumer Banking revenue was relatively stable compared to the third quarter. The revenue impact of declining Consumer Banking loan balances and margin compression in Auto Finance was partially offset by an increase in Home Loan yields resulting from higher estimated cash flows that we expect to collect on acquired Home Loans portfolios. Noninterest expense increased $91 million in the quarter, driven by higher marketing in our Retail deposits business and a number of individually small operating expense items, many of which are nonrecurring. Provision expense was stable in the quarter. Auto charge-off rate and delinquencies increased in line with expected seasonal patterns and the continuing cyclical trend we've discussed for several quarters. As we've said before, we are now past the cyclical low point for auto charge-off and delinquency rates. The industry continues to normalize to more business-as-usual underwriting, following significant tightening during the Great Recession. And we expect some softening in historically high used car auction values. As a result, we expect Auto Finance credit losses will continue to gradually increase from the historic lows of the past few years, but will remain comfortably within ranges that support an attractive and resilient business. Home Loans credit trends remain favorable and continue to perform well inside of the assumptions we made when we acquired the mortgage portfolios. The overall Consumer Banking charge-off rate remains strong at about 1%. As we enter 2014, we expect that Auto Finance revenues, margins and returns will continue to decline as we move from exceptional levels to more cycle-average performance. We expect that Auto Finance returns will remain resilient and well above hurdle rate. Additionally, we expect that the inexorable impacts of the prolonged low rate environment will continue to pressure the economics of our Retail deposit businesses, even if rates begin to rise in 2014. As you can see on Slide 9, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of solid growth and profitability. Loans grew 6% in the quarter and 16% year-over-year, driven by growth in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and CRE. Revenues were up about 12% from the third quarter and about 18% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The year-over-year increase was mostly the result of growth in loan and deposit balances and spreads. The quarterly increase was driven by ongoing balance growth and the addition of Beech Street Capital on November 1, which increased revenues and noninterest expense in the quarter. Commercial credit continued to improve. While the currency -- excuse me, while the current very low charge-off levels are not necessarily sustainable, we continue to see low levels of nonperforming and criticized loan balances, so we expect the credit performance of our Commercial Banking business to remain very strong. While increasing competition, particularly in middle-market lending, may continue to impact the pricing and volume of new loan originations, we expect our focused and specialized approach to Commercial Banking to deliver strong results. Across our Commercial Banking businesses, loan growth, credit and profitability trends remain healthy. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 10. Capital One delivered strong results in 2013. We successfully completed the integrations and brand conversions of 2 transformational acquisitions. We made significant progress on operational and infrastructure improvements, including our digital agenda. We expect these improvements will help us stay ahead of rising regulatory demands and achieve cost savings, and to enhance our customer experience and build and sustain the value of our long term customer franchise. We added great talent at every level of the organization, including the Board of Directors and our senior leadership team. We delivered strong financial performance from the company and across our businesses. And we continue to generate capital, increase our dividend and completed a $1 billion share repurchase program. Of course, many of the significant challenges we faced in 2013 will continue in 2014. We still face a difficult growth environment, significant planned runoff, and the revenue impact of selling the Best Buy portfolio. Interest rates remain persistently low, creating ongoing economic pressure, even if rates begin to rise in 2014. And we'll need to stay ahead of regulatory demands, from ongoing Dodd-Frank rulemaking, U.S. regulators implementation of Basel capital and liquidity requirements and the evolving CCAR process. Despite these continuing challenges, Capital One is earning very attractive risk-adjusted returns today, and we expect that will continue in 2014. But we're always focused on the important levers that will sustain and further improve our profitability. We are committed to tightly managing costs across our businesses. We don't view this as a one-off project. It's a major multiyear agenda. And it's a focus in all of our businesses and in every budget cycle. Our credit results are strong, driven by our long-standing discipline in underwriting across our businesses and our continuing focus on resilience. Growth remains a high priority for us, but is always in the context of a preemptive focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. We expect planned runoff will drive declining home loan balances. On the other hand, we expect growth in areas we're emphasizing, including Commercial Banking and Auto Finance, will continue. And we expect year-over-year growth in Domestic Card loans to resume in the second half of 2014. Finally, capital management remains an important part of how we expect to deliver superior and sustainable returns to our investors. And Steve affirmed our capital return intentions for 2014. Our capital and liquidity positions remain strong. Our businesses continue to deliver attractive and sustainable returns and generate capital on a strong trajectory. We're comfortable with our strategic footprint, and planned runoff frees up capital. All of these factors support our planned capital distributions in 2014. Now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Justin, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: A couple questions I'll ask upfront. I was just wondering if you could talk about the marketing budget and kind of where the opportunities are to take that up in 2014. And then just conversely, to the extent that you are going tweak it one way or the other, what factors would determine that? Would it be credit-related? And I guess secondly, on capital, if the Fed were to disagree with your version of the test, do you envision having the opportunity to resubmit?
Richard D. Fairbank: Sanjay, let me start with your first question. I'll let Steve take the second one. So the marketing budget for 2014, which is, as we mentioned, is up from the 2013 budget, I think, is a reflection of increased opportunity that we see. And of course, the biggest part of the marketing budget is relative to our card business. I think these opportunities are across the areas that we are investing in, Sanjay. So continued investment in the heavy spender and transactor space, where we feel we're getting very good traction; a continued and increasing investment in the medium- and low-balance revolver part of the business, where we feel we're getting increasing traction as well. So that's -- and what factors will affect that? And you asked, is credit a leading one? Well, big changes in credit obviously can cause significant impacts on that. All you have to do is look at the last Great Recession. But the biggest things are really dialing up and down based on traction we're getting, response from our test cells, how rollouts are going and what do we want to accelerate or slow it down. So it's really mostly response-driven line of scrimmage calls that -- with which we tweak that.
Stephen S. Crawford: Then I'd answer on having an opportunity to have a second bite. We believe we would. We passed qualitatively in 2013. The Fed's expectations for people's filings, clearly the standards for that have gone up over the year. We think we've made a substantial investment to continue to improve our processes. So we have every reason to expect that we would have another opportunity.
Operator: The next question comes from Brad Ball with Evercore.
Bradley G. Ball - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Actually, I have a question for Steve and for Rich. So Steve, the $9.8 billion pre-pre that you guided to, you talked about $630 million of BBY revenues lost, and it's the same, I guess, roughly $600 million of expense savings. What is the main difference going from $10 billion in '13 down to $9.8 billion in '14? And then for Rich, in terms of the outlook for potential card growth in the second half of this year, what areas do you see that growth likely coming in? Are you still focused on prime, the high end of prime, or might you go to the lower end of prime? And what are the implications for the card revenue margin? Are you thinking that card revenue margin will hold in here around the 17% range?
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. At least with respect to forecasts, I think we've kind of gone out as far as we're prepared to go in terms of precision. We gave forecasts in 2013 and kudos to the team for how close we actually came to those forecasts from 12 months ago. And there's obviously a lot of puts and takes, but we wanted to center around the pre-provision. As you've mentioned and like last year, there was some tradeoffs. There could be in the coming year as well. So I think, we've probably been near -- as definitive as we want to be with respect to line items.
Richard D. Fairbank: Brad, the card growth is -- we're getting traction pretty much in all the areas we're investing. And so -- and again, the heavy spender/transactor space and the revolver space, excluding the kind of high balance revolver, we are -- it's pretty much across the ranges there where we are continuing to get traction. So I think the nature of our growth will be kind of similar to the kind of mix of growth that we sort of generally have gotten at Capital One. And so I don't think that will be an outsized impact on the revenue margin from the increased traction that we're seeing on the card side.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Rich and Steve, just following up on the PPNR guidance, I guess. You've told us the implications on revenue. You've given us a good sense on cost. And I look on Slide 10, it says one of the things that you're focused on is improving profitability. So I guess the 2 pieces there are, we could have growth, which clearly you've pointed to in the back half of the year, but credit could also get better. And I guess outside of the 35-basis-point increase, do you think we could see credit continue to get better from the current levels? And my follow question is, just in terms of the capital, with the Fed modeling your balance sheet, you said they're going to assume 2% growth. How much capital volatility relative to your past expectations would that create for you?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. So on the -- with your question with respect to credit, could credit get better from here? We are at -- we keep saying that we're at cycle lows. And it's quite extraordinary on the consumer side of the business and certainly let's really focus on credit cards here where, I think, probably your question was particularly directed. This is, it's just when you really look at why credit is so good, it's just sort of hard to imagine it getting too much better from here. But on the other hand, I think in many ways, if you strip away the sort of -- if you adjust for seasonality effects and HSBC, temporary effects, there was a slight, slightly better than sort of seasonal effect we saw in the fourth quarter on the delinquency side. I really wouldn't read too much into that. I think what I would take away from all that we observed is that the prospect for really good credit looks very good. I wouldn't really trumpet the upside benefits from here, but what I really like is how solid the prospects are for very strong credit at the kind of best part of the credit cycle here.
Stephen S. Crawford: So I don't want to pick out individual pieces of what the Fed is doing and try and isolate what that impact alone could be because, as we've talked with you over time, they're estimating PPNR. They're estimating losses. They're estimating balance sheet. To try and help you out a little bit more though, in the release that they had, they talked about average loan growth that they saw under stress of 1% to 2%. In contrast, if you look at the average bank in the 2013 CCAR, I think the loan decline that they modeled was around 8%. And as you know, we're not the average bank, given our higher concentration in consumer. So you would see naturally more attrition in our loans.
Operator: And that will come from Matt Burnell with Wells Fargo Securities.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question about your commercial loan yields. Unlike the rest of the portfolio, and I appreciate that there are one-time items in that, the yield on the commercial portfolio continues to rise. Can you give us a little color as to what's driving that and where you -- what your expectations might be for 2014 yield in the Commercial Banking portfolio?
Richard D. Fairbank: So Matt, quarterly loan yields, as you note, they are up 5 basis points. And it's driven by seasonally high originations of equipment leases that earn higher tax-equivalent yields. So there's depreciation benefits of certain leases. They're recognized as an increase in yield. There was a similar seasonal increase in yields in the fourth quarter of 2012. This increase is temporary because tax-equivalent yields normalize after the fourth quarter. Looking at the longer-term trends rather than the temporary fourth quarter increase is a better indicator of the trend in loan yields. And year-over-year, loan yields decreased by 23 basis points. And that's driven by a few factors. Obviously, there's -- competition out there is pretty heavy in certain parts of the marketplace. A little less so in the specialty areas, where we have most of our growth. But still, there is increasing competition. Also, we are shifting our portfolio toward floating-rate loans on an increasing sort of trend there. And then, finally, we're focusing our new originations on loans with higher credit quality. Within the commercial real estate space, there's been -- even if we look at some of the projected losses of the new originations, they are even lower than recent originations. And so there's a bit of a credit offset relative to the tighter yields there. So that's pretty much the picture on loan yields.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask, you've mentioned runoff a couple of times, have you updated your estimates for what the mortgage portfolio and card portfolio runoff will be in 2014?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. $4 billion in mortgage, $1 billion in card.
Matthew H. Burnell - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then presumably that's done by -- the card is done by '15?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, it's a declining number. At some point, we'll kind of stop talking about it.
Operator: The next question comes from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I was wondering if I could ask about the capital ratios you give up. And specifically, as we look out over the next couple of years, stress test this year, clearly your guiding to the standardized ratio being the key one. Is it still the key one next year? At what point would you kind of expect to flip to the advanced ratio? And also within that, is it given that the advanced ratio versus standardized ratio gap always stays this big or over time, can that roughly 300-basis-point difference kind of shrink?
Stephen S. Crawford: So I think we'll be primarily under standardized at least through until 2016. We are relatively early in the parallel run process. And yes, as you've seen, I think, with a lot of peers who are in parallel run and maybe someone will emerge at some point in time, there's an opportunity to incorporate that into the way that the business actually operates. So I think -- while I wouldn't count on it, convergence is a definite possibility.
Operator: The next question comes from Jason Arnold with RBC Capital Markets.
Jason Arnold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could update us on the competitive environment, perhaps both in auto and card, please?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Sure, Jason. So in the card business, competition is -- it's really pretty stable. You've seen industry, just in terms of their balances and originations, you've seen them down significantly from the peak, slightly ahead of 2012. But in general, in the last few quarters, we've seen industry balances kind of with 0% year-over-year growth. So things aren't going anywhere fast overall in that space. The direct mail volumes for 2013 were higher than 2012, but only modestly and far from the prerecession highs. But the significant decline we've seen in direct mail volumes has been partially offset competitively by a sizable increase in digital marketing volume. So unfortunately as we all use that index of direct mail volumes, let's just realize that it probably understates -- the trends understate competitive effects because of the digital trends. But all of that said, still we see stability on the pricing side and in really most aspects of the competitive environment. Long-term pricing is rational in the segments that we compete in. And the high-balance revolver space, where we see very long teasers, and we don't believe that the pricing there is, to our own projections, resilient enough. But in the rest of the business, I think it's competitive, but pretty stable. And the reward space is intensely competitive, as we know. But I think it's kind of stable within the context of being intensely competitive. But overall, pulling way up in card. I think it's a fairly rational market that offers the opportunity for us to generate exceptional returns and growth and to grow in the segments where we are choosing to compete. So we feel good about that. And frankly, when I cross calibrate to some of the intensity that you see across all of banking, I think general -- regular old sort of vanilla C&I lending, I think is certainly -- that a lot of banks are just rushing into that. You have quite a run into the auto business as well. I think the card business stands out as a -- in a stable place and one that the survivors in that business can, I think, do well on a stable basis. In the auto business, we had this phenomenon, Jason, of a kind of once-in-a-lifetime set of conditions that existed competitively in the auto business, where a lot of competitors ran for the hills. The consumer -- as the consumer became extremely cautious, the consumer continued to -- you had the consumer being very cautious, but continuing to, of all things, be sure to pay on their auto loans kind of thing. And then finally, you had the -- on the manufacturing side, we had so much reduction in supply. So what's happened competitively in the auto business is just a regression back toward the mean from a once-in-a-lifetime kind of situation. The thing to most -- to keep a look at competitively is really what's happening in underwriting and in pricing. So if I divide between the prime and subprime business in margins. On the prime side, they are -- they're challenged at this point. I'd say, a little bit below cycle average at this point. And that frankly, they're at prerecession levels. In subprime, they're healthy, but slowly falling toward the mean. LTVs that we really have to keep an eye on are stable and healthy in prime. And they're starting to increase moderately in subprime, that's a slight change from last time. We talked about this, but well below peak levels still at this point. FICO scores in both segments are stable. And the terms of loans, there's been some sizable growth of beyond 72-month loans in both prime and even subprime. Overall, prime is -- has intense competition and is overall competitively a little bit below the kind of equilibrium in the cycle. And in the subprime, it is above and a better place than equilibrium, but moving toward that equilibrium.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just with regard to costs overall, the banking industry is facing revenue challenges and looking to cut costs to kind of offset that. I'm just wondering, I know you have the built-in merger-related cost that go away in '14, but just wondering what other cost-cutting opportunities you see out there?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. The -- I think the biggest areas for cost management are in digital and in third-party management. Digital is one we're going to be talking about for years and years and years. And the opportunity is -- but it's a subtle and complex one. And by the way, all the work we do in digital isn't first and foremost motivated by cost savings. I think it's a bit of a fool's errand and really off the bull's eye to chase digital for the sake of cost reduction. But it is a byproduct of a transformation of a company and very significant things can come from that. So with respect to digital, how do we generate cost savings? What we need to do is build the capability to offer a great customer experience to our customers. And there's a lot of work for all banks to do that. And we're making a lot of progress in that. When one does that, it's only the beginning of the journey because when you build it, they won't necessarily come. So there's a huge effort to drive customers to digital as well. And we have very comprehensive kind of campaigns with respect to that and building deeper digital relationships with the customers as we do this. Then additionally, we need to make digital how we do business not only with our customers, but also how we operate the company. So the back-office basically, the way we do business, and most importantly at all -- of all, is who we are and how we think about the business. And in the same way, I really want to point out, in the same way that we built an information-based company over these past 20 years, this is a lot different from just getting some smart analysts and some databases and appending it on the side of the company. Really becoming an information company becomes, in the end, really making that who you are. We have set our beacon with respect to digital that aggressively to say in a sense that is our destination of who we are, the type of talent we have and so on. So there's a lot of years in that, but I think there's a lot of economics as a byproduct of that, that come. The other area I really want to kind of highlight is third-party management. Well over half of our operating costs at Capital One are actually cost -- things that we pay to third-party vendors. And there's a lot of work going on comprehensively to -- with respect to the talent side and the governance side and the negotiating side and the whole way that we -- and even in-sourcing a bunch of this stuff to drive better quality and frankly, significant savings out of that. None of this will transform any year's kind of metrics. But our year-after-year emphasis on cost is one that goes far beyond we'll just try to see what we can cut today. This is really comprehensively trying to redesign how we run the business.
Operator: And the next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So could you give us some idea as to what we could look at from an external standpoint to judge kind of the effectiveness of the marketing? I mean, we sort of don't know that much about accounts. Could you just talk about what we should be looking for?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, Moshe, I think that -- let me, first of all, talk about how we look at it, because I can appreciate that there is no one single metric that you can look at that has a direct link. There are a number of ones that are very important over time. The most important thing to us is the creation of value. So what we do is, as you know, Moshe, everything that we do before, during and after we do it, we measure the net present value of every initiative to generate more business, either be it something with existing accounts or the origination of new accounts. And when we look at our net present value per -- not kind of -- total projected net present value created in a year of originations, what we're projecting, sort of, these days is as high as I've seen in total over versus -- you'd have to go back a long time to see numbers quite as high as this. Now I mean, they're not going to massively show up in metrics tomorrow. A lot of what we're originating is, frankly, more things that are -- that build value in the long term, that have lower attrition, low credit losses and build balances over time. But where you see in the metrics, though, now back to more of the metrics that you see, Moshe, on the purchase volume side, you can see quite a bit of traction there. We try to give you the branded card purchase volume so that it doesn't -- so it can be separated from the private-label side of things. If you look beyond that and actually look at the heavy spender part of our portfolio, we're getting more traction than manifested just on that particular metric. You've also seen that despite the significant runoff portfolio. We're talking now about outstandings growth year-over-year, quarterly outstandings growth returning in -- somewhere in the second half of next year. So we're starting to pick up more traction on the outstandings. But again, relative to some other competitors and relative to some of the older days in Capital One, most of what we're booking is not stuff that is heavily balance intensive. It's really stuff that is more long-term value and a slower balance build over time. But hopefully, that's a bit helpful. But that's how we view it.
Operator: And the next question comes from Eric Wasserstrom with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: My -- I have a question then just to follow up on -- my question is, with respect to your representation and warranty reserve, you have one of the lower reserves relative to outstanding UPBs. So I'm just wondering how you're thinking about that in light of some of the settlements we've seen, and if there's been any increase in your possible loss above current reserves expectation? And then I have a follow-up on the Basel III issue.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, I don't do that you can look at UPB as an indicator of -- and do that as a ratio. I don't think anybody has done that, of what your potential exposure is. There's so many categorizations under that, that are important. And I think we've done actually a really nice job in our disclosure, which I always point to when anybody want to talk about rep and warranty, kind of taking you through all of the factors which drive kind of where we are and what our reserves are and what the principal factors are, which could amount to changes going forward. And so I don't think just a simple calculation of UPB to exposures is really the way to look at it. This continues to be a source of uncertainty for us and other companies on the mortgage front. And we've tried to keep that front and center. There weren't a lot of changes quarter-over-quarter for us in our numbers. And obviously, a big part of what we try and do in thinking about rep and warranty is making sure we incorporate other things that we see in the marketplace to make sure that, that drives the assumptions we are making with respect to our exposure going forward.
Eric Edmund Wasserstrom - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And then just to follow up on the Basel III issue. What accounts for such a significant difference in the RWAs between the standardized and advanced approach? Because it seems like the biggest differential for a lot of institutions is the risk weighting on commercial loans. But that's such a small part of your loan balances broadly, so what's accounting for the difference?
Stephen S. Crawford: I think that securitized assets are the biggest difference in terms of RWA. You have a different treatment under Basel standardized. It's fairly punitive for the industry relative to the plain Basel I calculation.
Operator: Our final question comes from Daniel Furtado with Jefferies & Company.
Daniel Furtado - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I have 2. I guess you would call them follow-up questions. The first is, earlier you said that you expected card growth would come from where it has always come from. But over the last couple of years, we've noticed that you, like many in the industry, have gone substantially upmarket in terms of FICO exposure. So when you say, "Comes from where it always has," should we think over the last couple of years or roll back even further than that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Daniel, our profile of originations has -- the span of FICOs has stayed pretty consistent over the years. We haven't denominated our conversation so much by FICO score as much by the nature of how much the customer is borrowing and some of things we talk about with respect to high-balance revolvers. So while yes, we have seen a big effort to penetrate at the top end of the market by Capital One with some of the things you've even seen on TV, our Quicksilver card and our Venture card and so on, we continue very consistently to market across the FICO ranges that we have over the past. And I think there's a little tightening that we've done over the years. But our strategy has stayed pretty consistent. What we were doing prerecession is pretty consistent to what we're doing now.
Daniel Furtado - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: The follow-up would be, you had mentioned that you feel like we're past the cyclical low point for auto credit. I understand that we may or may not necessarily be at the cyclical low for credit -- for credit cards. And is the simple reason because of the equilibrium that you talked about earlier getting a little bit, I won't say, overheated but slightly out of balance in the auto space? Or how should we think about the, in essence, mismatch in the cycle low point for auto and card?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Thank you, Daniel. I -- sometimes I think that auto may just be the first mover. I think auto was the first mover before the Great Recession and maybe it's a first mover on the other side of this. I don't know. That may be coincidental. I think the conditions in auto were that -- what happened during the auto -- during the Great Recession in the competitive environment and the underwriting environment was a little bit more extreme in auto. So -- and as a result, the auto performance in the wake of the Great Recession was unusually strong, which caused a lot of players to rush in and a lot of players to start changing some of their underwriting standards along the way. And so that's led to more -- a more dramatic reduction in losses and probably an earlier turnaround. I would describe what happened in the card business is that while everyone tightened up in the card business, there's been a consistency and a rationality in this marketplace. I think, overall, every company has kind of gone back, looked through the debris of the Great Recession and kind of picked their spots. But it's been pretty stable, pretty rational. And the bigger issue there has been sort of waiting for more demand to kind of pick up. But -- and the lack of demand in that marketplace was -- the flip side of that is just the conservative consumer. And I think the conservative consumer, conservative banks and a stable environment have just led to exceptional credit that persists to this day and is likely to persist in card for some time.
Jeff Norris: Well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the conference call today and thanks for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Bradley G. Ball - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Kevin, and welcome, everybody, to tonight's call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2013 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. Let me begin with Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.1 billion or $1.86 per share in the third quarter, in line with the second quarter. Like last quarter, we have also included a reconciliation table in the appendix that shows non-GAAP deal-adjusted net income in the quarter of $1.3 billion or $2.14 a share. Pre-provision earnings of $2.5 billion were down $75 million from the second quarter, where they're entirely driven by a $101 million card litigation reserve captured in operating expense. Provision expense increased on a linked-quarter basis. Although net charge-offs were lower in the quarter, we recognized a smaller allowance release. We completed the sale of the Best Buy portfolio in the third quarter. In line with previously disclosed estimates, the Best Buy portfolio added approximately $166 million of revenue in the quarter, inclusive of the benefits of held-for-sale accounting. Turning to Slide 4, I'll briefly touch on net interest margin. Reported NIM increased 6 basis points in the third quarter to 6.89%, primarily driven by the simple math of having one additional day in the quarter to recognize income. Average interest-earning assets were down quarter-over-quarter, primarily driven by a partial quarter impact of Best Buy and expected runoff in mortgage loans, offset by growth in Commercial and Auto Finance. Total interest-bearing deposits were down quarter-over-quarter, driven by the decline in interest-earning assets. We now expect approximately $5 billion in total portfolio runoff in 2014, comprised of $1 billion in card and $4 billion in mortgage, lower than previously anticipated, primarily driven by lower mortgage prepayments. Turning to Slide 5, our Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis rose about 60 basis points in the quarter to end at 12.7%. While strong earnings continue to be a key driver of our improving capital, this quarter's increase was also driven by a temporary timing impact. We realized the full benefit of the decline in risk-weighted assets from the sale of the Best Buy portfolio, but the offsetting decline in our capital level only included about $300 million of the $1 billion repurchase program. Tier 1 common would have been 12.4% if we completed the buyback by the end of the third quarter. We expect to complete the repurchase program in the fourth quarter. Turning to Slide 6. I want to spend a few minutes on capital, given the importance that capital allocation policies have to our shareholders and reflecting the fact that there have been developments since our last call. On Slide 6, we have attempted to lay out important details on the evolution in regulatory capital frameworks for the industry and Capital One specifically. I won't spend significant time walking you through the details, as many of you follow this topic closely, but let me focus on observations specific to Capital One. First, on Basel III advanced approaches, there's still work in progress industry-wide on the final implications for capital. As an example, some regulatory decisions regarding operating risk capital are still in flux. Capital One is 1 of 2 financial institutions that will be subject to advanced approaches that is not already in parallel run. Reflecting the industry uncertainty in the very early stage of our multiyear transition to parallel run and eventual implementation of the advanced approaches, our estimates of Basel III advanced approaches capital ratios are and will be less precise than most of our peers, who are deep into parallel run already. Nevertheless, we continue to believe we are above our target of 8%. Importantly, we will not be subject to this capital framework for a couple of years at a minimum. In addition, we believe there will be ways to optimize our business as we come closer to having this capital framework apply to the company. Second, while Basel III standardized capital is not new, the rules were not finalized until July. In addition, September CCAR guidance indicated that Basel III standardized approaches will be included in the 2014 CCAR, which I will return to in a moment. As you can see on Slide 6, we estimate our pro forma fully phased in Basel III standardized Tier 1 common equity ratio to be 11.1% as of September 30. Finally, CCAR results will continue to play an important role in how we manage capital. The CCAR process and the Federal Reserve models are specifically designed to present -- to prevent reverse-engineering likely outcomes. In last year's CCAR, there was a large difference between our estimates and the Federal Reserves' estimates of capital levels under stress. That difference could be even larger in 2014 because in addition to modeling credit losses and pre-provision net revenue, it appears the Fed will also use its own assumptions in modeling balance sheet contraction. There will also be 2 primary benchmarks in CCARs this year. In addition to Basel I, CCAR will incorporate Basel III standardized capital ratios under stress. As you can see on Slide 6, we estimate our pro forma Basel III standardized Tier 1 common equity ratio, assuming 2015 phase in to be 11.7% as of September 30. So what does all this mean for our investors? Our own models for economic capital requirements and regulatory capital under stress, as well as our actual performance in the Great Recession, suggest we have substantial flexibility to return capital to shareholders and remain well capitalized. However, we need to take into account the real possibility that the Fed's modeling under CCAR will result in lower ratios under stress. In summary, risks and uncertainties related to capital allocation are higher today, but that does not change our view of our own capital strength and trajectory or our intent to distribute capital to shareholders. As we have indicated, we expect to request capital distribution in the upcoming CCAR process that, if approved, would result in a total payout ratio well above the industry norm of 50%. I'll close tonight with a brief comment on 2013 expectations and 2014 expenses. Consistent with our estimate originally provided in January of this year, we continue to expect 2013 pre-provision earnings, excluding extraordinary items, of approximately $10 billion. As mentioned in the second quarter, we may get there in a slightly different way. Both revenues and marketing expenses are likely to be a bit lower than original estimates. In addition to the roughly $100 million of nonrecurring litigation reserve additions booked this quarter, we currently anticipate additional nonrecurring expenses in conjunction with planned restructuring actions related to prior acquisitions and the inclusion of Beech Street in fourth quarter results. This would suggest our reported operating expenses for the year would be a little higher than $11.1 billion. For 2014 operating expenses, we have previously provided guidance of $10.4 billion. With the addition of Beech Street, our new guidance for 2014 is approximately $10.5 billion, excluding nonrecurring items. With that, let me turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Steve. I'll begin on Slide 8 with an overview of the Domestic Card business. I'll start with one noteworthy development in our partnerships business in the quarter. Yesterday, we announced the extension and expansion of our co-branded partnership with General Motors, as well as the launch of a transformational new product that will deliver great value to our customers. The General Motors partnership shows how a card program can be a true strategic asset for our partners, and it's a great example of the kind of opportunity we see in working with our partners. Turning now to the quarterly results. Ending loans were down about 1% from the second quarter. Excluding the planned runoff of acquired card loans and installment loans, ending loans were relatively stable compared to the second quarter. Ending loans declined about 13% year-over-year. Excluding the Best Buy portfolio sale and the planned runoff, the year-over-year decline in ending loans was about 3%. Reported purchase volume for the Domestic Card business was up 6.4% year-over-year despite the decline in loan balances over the same time period. Purchase volume on general-purpose credit cards grew 8.6% year-over-year. Looking below the surface, the trends in loans and purchase volumes reflect our strategic choices, which continue to focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. We're avoiding high balance revolvers, and we're allowing the least-resilient parts of the acquired HSBC portfolio to run off. In contrast, we're seeing strong underlying loan growth in many segments, including transactors and revolvers other than high balance revolvers. New originations are growing, and we're seeing more opportunity to increase credit lines for existing customers, which should improve the trajectory of both the loan growth and purchase volume growth over time. We don't expect these improvements to result in overall Domestic Card loan growth until sometime around the second half of next year, as underlying loan growth will continue to be offset by shrinkage in the parts of the business we're avoiding. Revenue margin for the quarter was about 18.5%. Excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, revenue margin grew from 16.8% in the second quarter to 17.2% in the third quarter. The quarterly increase in revenue margin, excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, was consistent with expected seasonality. Typically, favorable seasonal impacts in revenue margin are highest in the third quarter. Noninterest expense increased by $78 million in the quarter, driven by an addition to litigation reserves, partially offset by a decline in marketing expense. On a sequential quarter basis, charge-off rate improved about 60 basis points to 3.7%. Third quarter losses were impacted by a onetime pull-forward of bankruptcy charge-offs on the acquired HSBC card portfolio, which was noted in our August credit release. Without this impact, losses in the quarter would have been 3.6%. Delinquency rate increased about 40 basis points to 3.5%. Domestic Card credit has been strong throughout 2013. Delinquencies and delinquency flow rates were exceptionally favorable in the first half of the year, which contributed to our low third quarter loss rate. We are now entering a period of seasonal increases in our credit card metrics. Delinquencies tend to increase seasonally, starting in the third quarter, and charge-offs start to increase seasonally in the fourth quarter. Our Card business tends to have more pronounced seasonal patterns than the industry. Over the next 2 quarters, we expect a temporary increase in delinquencies and charge-offs beyond normal seasonality. In July, we changed the number of policies and practices on the HSBC-branded card portfolio to align them with Capital One policies and practices. For example, we aligned minimum payments with regulatory guidelines, and we changed some billing and collections practices. We expect these changes to temporarily increase Domestic Card delinquency rate by about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter and to temporarily increase the monthly Domestic Card charge-off rate by about 35 basis points from December through March. To be clear, these estimated impacts are only one of the many factors that will drive delinquencies and charge-offs and are not meant as forecast for specific quarterly or monthly metrics. Looking beyond the short-term trend, we continue to expect that our focus on resilience and our strong credit risk underwriting will continue to drive relatively stable credit results at historically strong levels with normal seasonal pattern. Our Card business remains well positioned. We're delivering strong, sustainable and resilient returns; and we're generating capital on a strong trajectory, which strengthens our balance sheet and enables capital distribution. We expect these trends to continue as a result of the strategic choices we're making in the Card business. Moving to Slide 9. The Consumer Banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans declined about $1 billion from the second quarter. About $1.4 billion of continuing growth in auto loans was more than offset by about $2.4 billion of expected mortgage runoff. Ending deposit balances declined by about $1.4 billion in the quarter. We have ample deposit funding in a period of relatively low overall loan growth, so we've throttled back on growth in some legacy Capital One deposit businesses. We continued to see growth in checking accounts across our digital and branch deposit franchises. We completed the successful brand conversion from ING Direct to Capital One 360. Customer satisfaction and attrition levels, deposit balances and new deposit originations have remained strong. Consumer Banking revenue was relatively flat compared to the second quarter. The revenue impact of declining loan balances was partially offset by an increase in loan yields. Higher loan yields resulted from higher estimated cash flows we expect to collect on acquired Home Loans portfolios, which we recognize as increased yield, as well as the favorable margin impact from Home Loans runoff. Noninterest expense increased $20 million in the third quarter, driven by operating expense related to higher auto originations and loan volumes. Provision expense increased in the quarter, driven by seasonally higher auto provisions and the absence of the onetime refinement in our Retail Banking allowance processes that had a favorable impact in the second quarter. The overall Consumer Banking charge-off rate remains strong at about 1%. Before leaving the Consumer Banking segment, I'll make a couple of observations about our Auto Finance business. As we emerged from the recession, we were able to grow and take advantage of the exceptional competitive pricing and credit trends. As the cycle plays out and our highly profitable back book runs off, these exceptional results have moderated. We expect that returns will continue to decline but remain well above hurdle rate. Auto originations were up about $225 million in the third quarter. Sub-prime originations are stable, while prime originations are growing as we capture additional prime share from our existing dealers. As you'd expect, more prime originations will add to the pressure on margins and partially offset the expected increase in delinquency and charge-off rates. On a year-over-year basis, Auto Finance charge-off rate increased by about 20 basis points, consistent with our internal expectations. As we've said before, we are now past the cyclical low point for auto credit. The industry continues to normalize to more business-as-usual underwriting, following significant tightening during the Great Recession, and we expect some softening in historically high used car auction values as well. As a result, we expect Auto Finance losses will continue to increase gradually from the historic lows of the past few years. We remain confident that credit performance will remain comfortably within ranges that support an attractive and resilient business. As you can see on Slide 10, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of solid growth and profitability. Loans grew 4% in the quarter and 14% year-over-year, driven by growth in specialized industry verticals in C&I lending and in CRE. Revenues were up about 3% from the second quarter and about 9% compared to the third quarter of last year, driven by year-over-year growth in loan and deposit balances. Revenues grew despite increased competition and pressure on margins. Our charge-off rate in the quarter was 7 basis points. While the current very low charge-off levels are not necessarily sustainable, we continue to see lower levels of nonperforming and criticized loan balances, so we expect the credit performance of our Commercial Banking business to remain strong. While increasing competition, particularly in middle-market lending, may continue to impact the pricing and volume of new loan originations, we expect our focused and specialized approach to Commercial Banking to deliver strong results. For example, we've developed differentiated industry verticals in C&I lending, and we're focusing also on multifamily housing and have deep expertise in New York City commercial real estate. We're building on our existing strengths with the acquisition of Beech Street capital, which we announced in the third quarter. Beech Street Capital is an agency multifamily originator and servicer with deep management experience and top talent. The acquisition expands and enhances our existing multifamily capabilities and product offerings, enabling us to better serve our customers and continue to deliver high-quality, resilient growth in a business we know well. Across our Commercial Banking businesses, loan growth, credit and profitability trends remain healthy. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 11. Our businesses continued to deliver solid results in the quarter. Capital One is earning very attractive risk-adjusted returns today, and we expect that, that will continue in 2014 despite the decision to exit the Best Buy partnership and the continuing runoff of acquired card loans and mortgages. But we believe there is room for improvement, and we remain focused on important levers that will sustain and improve our profitability. We're committed to tightly managing costs across our business. We don't view this as a one-off project. It's a focus in all of our businesses and in every budget cycle. Our credit results are strong, driven by longstanding discipline and underwriting across our businesses and our continuing focus on resilience. Growth remains a high priority for us but only in the context of preemptive focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. Overall loan growth in the coming quarters is likely to be muted as planned runoff and other strategic choices we've made continue to mask stronger underlying growth in areas we're emphasizing, including Commercial Banking, Auto Finance and selected segments of the Domestic Card business. Finally, capital management remains an important part of how we expect to deliver superior and sustainable returns to our investors. We are executing our previously announced $1 billion repurchase program, and Steve affirmed our capital return expectations for 2014. Our capital and liquidity positions have never been stronger. Our businesses continue to deliver attractive and sustainable returns and generate capital on a strong trajectory. We're comfortable with our strategic footprint, and planned runoff frees up capital. All of these factors drive our current and planned capital distributions in 2014. We continue to expect that capital generation and distribution will be important parts of how we deliver shareholder value over the next couple of years and over the long term. And now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Brad Ball with Evercore.
Bradley G. Ball - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I wonder if you could elaborate a little on your comment regarding expense efficiencies and targeted cost saves going forward. Steve, you mentioned $10.5 billion OpEx for next year. What's driving the improvement from the $11.1 billion this year outside of acquisition-related expenses? And then beyond that, what would be the magnitude of potential cost saves and where might they come from?
Stephen S. Crawford: Sure, happy to take that. So you're right, we're at -- $11.1 billion is our forecast for 2013. If you think about some of the tailwinds we have, which we've talked about before, there'll be $100 million reduction year-over-year because of PCCR and CDI. We've got the $100 million legal settlement that we disclosed this quarter, and we've got about $150 million of integration expenses running through this year. If you subtotal that, it gets you to about $10.75 billion. But there's some other factors. Obviously, Best Buy leaving the system helps expenses, bringing on Beech Street hurts, and then we've also got to manage the inflationary pressures, regulatory investments, other business investments. So really, what that translates into is a few hundred million of real savings in 2014 to hit our target of approximately $10.5 billion. And the 2 areas we've talked about in the past are digital and third-party spend. But as Rich said, it's really across the business, across the cycle, hand-to-hand combat on a daily basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I got 2 questions, one on -- one is data and one is for Rich. Steve, maybe you could talk about the pretax, pre-provision earnings guidance. Is that pretty much unchanged for 2014? And also could you just help us with what the impact is for Best Buy to the NIM next quarter as it goes away? And then Rich, I was just wondering if you guys are seeing any change in the propensity for the prime or sub-prime consumer and card to want to borrow.
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, so there is no guidance for PPE in 2014. What we've discussed is an expense -- operating expense guidance. With respect to how Best Buy adjusts out, we actually provided a schedule in the first quarter of this year that is very on top of the actual results. And as I mentioned, it's about $170 million in revenue in the quarter, inclusive of held-for-sale accounting. But you can get even more detail if you go back and look at that schedule.
Richard D. Fairbank: Sanjay, we don't see any sort of like quarterly trend in the propensity of prime or sub-prime customers to want to borrow. We've talked about the sort of the trend post Great Recession that has definitely seen very conservative bent with respect to borrowers, and this is matched by quite a conservative bent with respect to issuers as well. But it has led to, relative to the old days, some weakness relative to borrowing demand. But on the flip side of that, I think the way we keep in many ways getting surprised by how good credit is, is a reflection just of the conservatism of both customers and issuers, including Capital One, of course. But I think the industry is, and I think consumers are in a good place relative to the Card business. I think they -- they're cautious but they're -- I think they're stepping up their spending activity, and I think the card industry competitively is in a pretty stable place. And in the balance of growth in credit and all things considered, I think it's a pretty good place for the Card business, and I like how we're positioned with the things we're emphasizing and some of the things we're avoiding and running off to continue to build even increasingly high-quality business and to start sometime next year, really, net growing even beyond the -- some of the runoff.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions, one on Beech Street. You said it was net about $100 million across. Any sense of what -- how we should think about the revenue impact in 2014? And then just a little bit longer term, just thinking about capital, clearly, your -- the difference in your standardized and advanced, I think, it's on the upper end of where we are in the industry. And given that the tests are starting to -- the CCARs are starting to transition to a Basel III exam, how should we think about what's going to govern your decision to return capital over the next couple of years? Given that the -- you're not going to exit the parallel run until 2016, should we think about the standard approach as the binding constraint for your ability to return capital over the next couple of years? Or when do you think we should make that transition to advanced?
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, so the second question -- we'll come back to the first. The earliest we could enter -- exit parallel run would be first quarter of 2016, and I think there are banks that entered parallel run 4 or 5 years ago that still aren't out. So Basel III standardized, as I tried to mention in my comments, is clearly going to be the one for us to focus on for the foreseeable future. I'm sorry, the first question was? Oh, Beech Street. Yes, so importantly, I just want to make clear, what we did is we increased our guidance from $10.4 billion to $10.5 billion. That doesn't mean it was $10.40 billion going to $10.50 billion, okay? There is some expenses that pushed us closer to $10.5 billion. And as you would expect, with that size acquisition, we're not going to break down the income statement and tell you how that's going to impact the business line item by line item.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Rich, you mentioned that you're seeing some additional -- or you're seeing pressure in the Auto segment in particular, can you elaborate that in terms of whether the competition you're seeing in terms of underwriting is becoming just really loose? Or what is it about that aspect of the market that is -- that concerns you and -- obviously, your originations in that sector have been up. So I guess, how are you thinking about either backing away or how do you think about just the loosening standards and some of the pricing issues that you've mentioned in past calls?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Well, Ken, we're pretty obsessive about -- and I appreciate your question. We're actually extremely obsessive about the issue of cycle management. And for all the talk we've done over the years of information-based strategies and -- to a segment of one really statistically predicting things, there is huge leverage, and we should never forget it in managing cycles. And we do it, both by looking at metrics but also thinking about the dynamics of competition and the nature of customer choices as well. So my big point I want to make about the Auto business is that it has moved from a lifetime best. And I really believe in our lifetimes, we probably won't see an Auto business with such a confluence of positives sort of happening over the last few years. It has moved from lifetime best toward, if you will, the mean. But it has certainly not crossed over the critical inflection point where you'll see us doing a lot of pulling back and raising red flags and that kind of thing. But the reason we're emphasizing it so much is just to make sure our investors understand this journey from lifetime best to still quite a good place in the Card business. Looking at sort of underwriting and pricing, because what happens is industries don't go to the mean and then beyond it, just all of a sudden that -- it tends to happen sort of one variable at a time. So just looking at the metrics here, on pricing -- I'll talk both about sub-prime and prime. In pricing, the margins are healthy but slowly falling but certainly have ample room for well-above hurdle returns. In prime, the pricing is tight but it's stable. And it's probably -- I think prime is pretty much at sort of an industry equilibrium, as a general statement, on the pricing side. The most critical credit metric is LTVs, and LTVs in both sub-prime and prime are stable and healthy. FICO scores and the choices people make and the types of loans people make at a particular FICO score is pretty stable in both sub-prime and prime. There is a loosening -- there's some loosening of terms. It's still -- the 72 months used to be kind of the outer bound in terms of terms, and there is some sizable growth of the 73-plus category, but it's still a minority of all originations and we're keeping an eye on that. But overall, I think what you're seeing is a business that we're still investing heavily, where we've been growing in and -- but you're also seeing a window into both our management of investors to show the dynamics of how portfolio profitability will naturally move but also to get our muscles developed for continuing to watch the dynamics in an industry like this one and all the others we're in.
Operator: We'll go next to Don Fandetti with Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes. Rich, I was wondering if you still have the full infrastructure for private label that you inherited from HSBC. Just trying to get a sense on sort of what the commitment there is. I mean, are you out there talking with retailers in front of exploration of deals? And do you have the capacity and desire to take down a deal of decent size if it were to come about?
Richard D. Fairbank: Don, we have both the capacity and the desire. One thing that was a real plus for us in the HSBC deal, although again, that deal was financially motivated, most importantly. The biggest strategic benefit of the HSBC deal was getting scale in the retail partnership space. And part of the problem if you don't have scale is when one goes out on marketing calls, not only are they saying, "Show me all your references" kind of thing, but also, a lot of times, people want certain capabilities that are too expensive to build one retailer or one partner at a time. So the private label -- we are moving our own partnership business onto the private-label platform from HSBC. It's a good platform. It's scalable, and we feel very good about that. We think they have a great list of partners, and we -- all the attention has gone to the -- our choice to move beyond Best Buy. But actually, we have a blue-chip partner list with Neiman Marcus and Best Buy and General Motors and a long list of retailers. And so we feel very good about that. We are absolutely focused on, in fact, growing this business. And as we've always said, this is an attractive business. It's not about just who can be the biggest but it's about selectively getting the best, the high-quality partners who are motivated to really build the franchise with a partnership deal and a contract that, in fact, can allow a win-win for both parties. So we are absolutely investing in this, we're very optimistic about the prospects of this, and we're happy to get on the other side of our integration now as we've pretty much finished now the integration with HSBC.
Operator: We'll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about any changes you saw in...
Jeff Norris: David, I'm sorry. It's Jeff. We can't hear you.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I wonder if you could talk about any changes you saw in cardholder spending over the course of the quarter. And then since the quarter, have you seen any impact? And then, could you just repeat, I'm sorry, I missed it, but how many shares did you buy in the quarter and what price?
Richard D. Fairbank: David, I think cardholder spend patterns have been pretty consistent by our own observations here. Cardholder spending for Capital One and for the industry continues to grow at rates faster than overall retail spending. And so I would say it's more of a continuation of strength that we have seen on our portfolio. Steve, you want to -- the other question?
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes. I told you we bought about $300 million. We're not going to disclose the price but there'll be additional information in the 10-Q about our repurchase activity.
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Kind of 2 somewhat related questions. I guess, you mentioned that you've had strong growth in the rest of the card portfolio other than HSBC and the runoff of a couple of billion this year net and $1 billion in '14. Seems like if you've had a couple of billion, $2 billion to $3 billion of gross growth and you're ending up with that, it just seems if you add that to the Best Buy portfolio that half of the HSBC assets will have been gone by the end of '14. Does that math make sense? And the second part of the question is, how do you think about your marketing spend, given now -- given that there's been that substantial runoff and then at the same time, you're at an inflection point where it appears that some of your major competitors, who had been shrinking, are now at least stable, if not starting to grow again?
Richard D. Fairbank: So Moshe, with respect to the HSBC business and what is or has run off, we've given you a schedule of the run-off portfolio. What we call the run-off portfolio relates to the least-resilient parts of the business that we identified in advanced, and we have been running that off and that's running right on schedule. And then, of course, you have the Best Buy portfolio. But the -- beyond those very clear and calculate-able things, what I really want to share with you and -- is the dynamics within our portfolio and within our choices. Because when we say we are seeing a lot of growth where we are investing in the Card business, we are investing in the transactor space, we're investing in the revolver space and all places other than high balance revolver. And we're poised, as we get to the other side of our integration with HSBC, to continue to invest more in developing the partnership business. The -- but as we've said many times, our choice to avoid high balance revolvers is an important choice with respect to growth metrics because, of course -- when -- both with respect to the origination of customers who are high balance or the choice to take high balance customers we have and run them off. Those are pretty consequential with respect to asset growth. And our point that we've made consistently in these calls -- the calls are we point out the things that we're avoiding, and we're doing that with an absolute eye on resilience. But beyond those choices, the things we're investing in, we're seeing lots of success, solid growth and, in fact, I think some growing momentum that can give us a little bit more growth potential down the road.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura Securities.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you talk about the trends that you're seeing in peak loss rates across your card portfolio? And I guess, maybe if you could give a little bit of perspective just, absent a deterioration in economic conditions or a loosening of underwriting standards, what causes those peak losses to go up from where we are today. Any perspective on trajectory would be great.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bill, it's sort of -- if I understand you, I'm struggling a little bit with the concept of a trend and a peak loss rate because we're at probably troughs of loss rates, if anything, everywhere across the Card business. But I think that -- I think we all should prepare over time for some regression to the mean in the Card business. However, I think that also that while intuitively we're at, and you can just look at pretty much all parts of our business, we were at historical lows in terms of loss rates in particular segments. This isn't -- I mean, I think also part of this reflects a new normal, a new normal reflecting the, frankly, more conservative choices that people are making in the Card business, ourselves included, and to a significant extent, enhanced by the conservatism that we see on the consumer. So intuitively, at some point, I think there should be regression to a higher level of losses in the Card business. But I think that our likelier outlook really is one of stability around this exceptionally strong credit position, and we all should internalize that, that a good part of that just reflects the power of conservative and rigorous underwriting by us and by the industry.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Brendler with Stifel Brokerage.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So my question, Rich, is in the private label business. The CFPB, I think, originally quoted as targeting some of the teaser rate practices probably in a long time in the retail card business. And it sounded like from our discussions that you guys, in particular, were concerned about that and have gravitated away from that pricing strategy to one that's more fair for the consumers. My question is, do you think that, that provides an opportunity for you as some of the traditional private-label lenders aren't able to make that? And if you could give us any detail on the changes you've made to help offset the enormous benefit you see on the finance charges when a consumer lets the grace period expire.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Chris, I mean, I think it was certainly noteworthy, the CFPB's comments that they made regarding the private-label space. And I think like all the other places they are looking, they're going to very rigorously and comprehensibly evaluate practices. We've invested a lot over the years to put ourselves in the position of taking a pretty high-ground position and the conservative choices with respect to practices. Where the CFPB was focusing their commentary with respect to the private-label space, particularly the same as cash products, is something that while they -- that product exists in a few of our partners that we have, it is de minimis in its overall level at Capital One. It's a pretty significant and pretty widespread practice in the private-label space overall. So we'll have to see how that one plays out.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Rich, you, I think, want to say -- what you said is you're comfortable on your strategic footprint. But with the capital you're generating, and I know you're returning and beginning to return and will be able to return a lot of capital to shareholders, but I just wondered if you are looking tangentially to that strategic footprint. One point you had an agreement to buy NetSpend years ago. So the prepaid space is an area where you don't have much of a footprint, the gift card space, merchant acquiring, some of these new-wave merchant acquirers like Braintree, which is acquired by PayPal or agreed to be acquired Square. I just wondered if with the capital you're generating and the card and payment space being as dynamic [Audio Gap] and I noticed a whole lot of Capital One employees at the Money2020 conference last week, what's your thinking about and what you're looking at tangentially to your current strategic footprint?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, with respect to, when you're referencing the acquisition space, our energy is focused on sustaining high returns and distributing capital. In the normal course of business, we look from time to time very selectively at opportunities like in partnerships and specialty commercial. There's obviously a tremendous amount of activity going around the edges of banking and particularly, in the payment space. We are heavily investing people who understand what's happening at the edges of that space and, most importantly, to prepare ourselves for digital leadership in the tremendously important area of just regular old banking. And so, to us, that's not a quest to go buy things. That's a quest to really be at the forefront and understand how that fast-moving space is evolving. Recruiting talent, a very, very extensive efforts to recruit native digital talent, not just banking people that happen to have worked in technology, and to make sure in this company that we can be digital and think digital and not get caught in sort of conventional wisdom in the business. So we have a lot of energy into it, but the energy is an organic energy and really focused on an imperative we have in the company to be a digital leader in a tremendously important evolving opportunity here.
Operator: And your last question this evening comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two quick ones, one is on prepaid. Could you give us a sense as to where you are in your thinking about your prepaid offerings?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, Betsy. We -- we're going at the prepaid space a little differently from some folks. As you know, we acquired the largest -- the nation's largest digital bank and the -- many of the products and the very, very simple checking accounts and the whole business model from that side of the house is very overlapping with the prepaid space, and we're generating our thrust into the space sort of on that side of the business.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then secondly -- or separately, I should say, I just want to make sure I'm thinking about it right with the revenue margin. I know you're not giving a forward view on it. But if we remove the $170 million from Best Buy this quarter, we end up getting to revenue margin of about 17.5%. And I just want to make sure, is that a fair margin to use as base and then adjust from there for normal seasonality going forward?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I don't want to necessarily bless your exact calculation, but let me just comment about the revenue margin. So first of all, as I mentioned at the outset, that the third quarter had a partial quarter's impact of Best Buy held for sale. So if you adjust for that, the underlying revenue margin is 17.2%, and this is up from the adjusted second quarter revenue margin of 16.8% and it's especially driven there by seasonality. If you think across a number of years about our revenue margin, in 2011, our revenue margin was around 17%. Then we brought in HSBC and we said, actually -- and they had a revenue margin around 17%. And adjusting for those purchase accounting impacts, in 2012, the revenue margin in card was around 17%. Looking at 2013, after adjusting for the Best Buy impacts and deal-related items, we end up with a revenue margin sort of in the low 17s, as the benefits from the removal of Best Buy's low-margin business are roughly kind of offset by some franchise improvements that we announced. In other words, taking some air out of the revenue margin for -- with respect to customer practices. Going forward, there will be, of course, many factors affecting the revenue margin. But I think in the -- the biggest puts and takes will really be the removal of the Best Buy portfolio that will benefit our run rate margins, all else being equal, because Best Buy's margins are materially lower than our portfolio average. And we, of course, have the impact of franchise enhancements that work in the opposite direction, as well as some runoff of the very highest-margin HSBC business that we bought. So that horse race is probably a pretty even race over time. So in some ways, the more things change, the more they stay the same, but we're not here to forecast revenue margin. I'm just giving you some the elements on how to think about that, Betsy.
Jeff Norris: Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your interest in Capital One, and please remember that if you have additional follow-up questions, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer them. Thanks, and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Stephen S. Crawford - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Michael. Welcome, everybody, to tonight's earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation that summarizes our second quarter 2013 results. With me tonight are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Steve Crawford, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Steve will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not take -- undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings press release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Crawford. Steve?
Stephen S. Crawford: Thanks, Jeff. Let me start out on Slide 3 with a quick review of earnings for the second quarter. We had net income of $1.1 billion or $1.87 per share, which was up 4% from the first quarter. Pre-provision earnings before tax were $2.6 billion, up about 2% from the first quarter. I want to clear 3 items that are worth calling out in the quarter relative to operating trends. First, you'll see on Slide 3, provision expenses are lower by about $120 million. The change versus linked quarter is really driven by lower charge-offs. We also had nearly a $200 million allowance release in provision, which is consistent with what happened in the first quarter. Rich will spend more time on credit in his remarks. We also had a $183 million pretax charge in the quarter for Rep and Warranty. And as we disclosed last quarter, there was a -- the effects of moving Best Buy to held-for-sale, which favorably impacts pretax earnings by about $123 million. To clear a question I'm sure will be asked later, I want to talk about prior guidance. We talked in the past about pre-provision earnings of approximately $10 billion, excluding extraordinary items. We still believe we will achieve that with any reasonable margin of error. And finally, on Slide 3, I just wanted to talk for a second, consistent with feedback we've had from investors, we also have a new non-GAAP disclosure and its income absent deal adjustments. And you can see a reconciliation of that on Appendix A, but that would translate into about a $1.3 billion of net income or $2.18 per share. Turning to Slide 4, and spending a second on margins in the balance sheet, you can see total interest-earning assets were down 2% quarter-over-quarter. Total interest-bearing liabilities were down 3% quarter-over-quarter, driven by lower funding needs. The 12 basis point increase in net interest margin you see over the quarter was driven by 1 additional day from the first quarter and by the held-for-sale treatment we've discussed with respect to the Best Buy portfolio, primarily. As you've seen in our prior disclosures, our balance sheet is asset-sensitive, so the increase in rates will result in an earnings benefit, which will be realized over time. And I want to add, that's all other things being equal. Potential changes in mix, competitive dynamics in our business, credit trends and more generally macroeconomic trends will also contribute to the evolution of our net interest margin. We have expectations for a portfolio runoff, which were slightly updated from what we talked about in the first quarter. In 2013, we expect about $11.5 billion in runoff, $9.5 billion for Mortgages and $2 billion in Domestic Card, and $8 billion in 2014, with roughly $7 billion of that coming from Mortgage and $1 billion from Card. On Slide 5 -- I'm sorry, on Slide 4, let me talk about Basel I and capital. You can see that our Basel I Tier 1 common ratio is up 30 basis points in the quarter to 12.1%. Our -- our Basel I Tier 1 -- Basel III Tier 1 capital was above our 8% target. It was approximately 8.5%. If you include actually the impact of OCI, which would be about 20 basis points, it would be down to about 8.3%. We are emphatically not changing our Basel III target of 8%, but we continue to assess a regulatory interpretation of the rules that were recently released. I want to end on our plans for capital return. We have received, as you've seen, approval for a $1 billion buy back, which we plan to execute in 2013. We announced last quarter, our plan for a payout ratio in 2014 to be well-above industry averages of around 15%. And we are still consistent with those plans, of course, subject to regulatory approval. So while we have not changed our forecast for capital return for 2013 and 2014, the uncertainty for the industry's long-term capital requirements has not declined. I want to reiterate the higher payout ratio we expect for next year will be largely, if not entirely, from stock repurchases. We believe our stock is attractive, and we feel that the flexibility in repurchases is consistent with the regulatory push for higher capital. In all likelihood, the next major benchmark for us on the capital front will be CCAR 2014. It's unlikely that any of our guidance will change in advance of receiving these results in March of 2014. Let me turn it over to Rich to go through some of the businesses.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll begin on Slide 7, with an overview of Domestic Card results in the second quarter. Ending loans were flat compared to the first quarter. Excluding the planned runoff of acquired card loans and installment loans, ending loans were up a little more than 1% in the quarter, in line with historical seasonal patterns. Ending loans declined about 13% year-over-year. Excluding the planned runoff and the movement of the Best Buy loan portfolio to held-for-sale, the year-over-year decline was about 2%. Looking below the surface, we're seeing strong loan growth and share gains in parts of the business where we're investing, particularly in the transactor segment. Underlying loan growth has been more than offset by shrinkage in the parts of the business we're avoiding, like high balance revolvers, as well as planned runoff. We are seeing -- we're beginning to see more traction in originations, and we are seeing more line increase opportunities as we implement solutions to the regulatory rules on line increases. These improvements will not move the needle on balances until sometime next year and will be muted by the continued runoff of the less resilient parts of the card portfolio. Purchase volume was up about 12% year-over-year. Excluding purchase volume on acquired card loans, purchase volume was up 9%. This growth remains above industry average and we're gaining purchase volume share. The year-over-year trends in loans and purchase volumes reflect our strategic choices, which continue to focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. Revenue margin increased to 18.7% in the quarter with a full quarter impact of held-for-sale accounting impact. Excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, revenue margin was 16.8%, a very healthy margin that's consistent with attractive and sustainable bottom line returns. Our card credit metrics improved in the second quarter. On a sequential quarter basis, losses improved 15 basis points to 4.3%, and delinquencies improved 32 basis points to 3.05%. We generally see some seasonal improvement this time of year, although what we saw in the second quarter was better than what we would expect based on normal seasonality, particularly in delinquency rate. Strong credit performance has been benefited by the choices we have made and our strong underwriting. We have a highly seasoned back book, a front book of high-quality origination in highly resilient segments, and a focus on attracting a more disciplined consumer who is less likely to be overstretched or over-indebted. As a result of our choices, as well as the cautious consumer and the recovering economy, the strong Domestic Card credit performance we're seeing is likely to continue. Pulling up, our Card business remains well-positioned. It's delivering strong, sustainable and resilient returns, consistent with historical levels, even with the inclusion of a lower-yielding partnerships portfolio. And it's generating capital on a strong trajectory, which strengthens our balance sheet and enables capital distribution. We expect these trends to continue as a result of the strategic choices we're making in the Domestic Card business. Moving to Slide 8, the Consumer Banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans declined about $1.4 billion. About $1.4 billion of continuing growth in Auto loans was more than offset by about $2.8 billion of expected mortgage runoff. Ending deposit balances declined by about $2.8 billion. We have ample deposit funding in a period of relatively low overall loan growth, so we're throttling back on deposit growth. The brand conversion from ING Direct to Capital One 360 has gone very well, and we have continued to see growth in checking accounts across our digital and branch deposit franchises. Consumer Banking revenue was up modestly compared to the fourth quarter, driven by a modest increase in loan yields and stable deposit interest expense. Noninterest expense increased $20 million in the quarter, driven by operating expense related to higher Auto originations and loan volumes. Provision expense improved in the quarter, driven by the impact of home price improvements and a onetime refinement in our Retail Banking allowance processes. The overall Consumer Banking charge-off rate remains below 1%. Before leaving the Consumer Banking segment, let's pull up and discuss the Auto Finance business. We've worked hard to put our Auto Finance business in a strong position. We focused on careful and rigorous credit risk underwriting and on building deep relationships with our very best dealers. And we emerged from the recession -- as we emerged from the recession, we were able to grow and take advantage of exceptional trends in competition, pricing and credit quality. As the cycle plays out and competition continues to pick up, we expect the exceptional results of the past 2 years to moderate somewhat. We expect the pace of loan growth to decelerate as annual originations stabilize. Second quarter Auto originations were up about $200 million year-over-year, and remain in the range of about $16 billion to $17 billion on an annualized basis. We expect charge-off rates will continue to increase as the industry continues to normalize to more business-as-usual underwriting following significant tightening during the Great Recession. On a year-over-year basis, Auto Finance delinquency rate and charge-off rate both increased by about 15%, consistent with our internal expectations. As we've said before, we are now past the cyclical low point for Auto credit, and we expect some softening in historically high used car auction values, so we expect Auto Finance losses to continue to increase gradually from the historic lows of the past few years. Delinquency and charge-off rates remain low by historical standards. We expect that continuing increases in competition will drive returns downward from current levels. This expected trend of unusually strong results regressing back toward more typical levels is sort of baking in the oven, if you will, in our portfolio as each new origination vintage reflects returns that are modestly lower. Even as returns regress to more normal levels, we still see solid overall profitability and above hurdle returns in new originations. Our Consumer Banking business is delivering solid results and remains well-positioned for the future. As you can see on Slide 9, our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of solid growth and profitability. Loans grew 4% in the quarter and 13% year-over-year, driven by growth in CRE and middle-market C&I loans. Revenues were up about 2% from the first quarter and about 8% compared to the second quarter of last year, driven by growth in loan and deposit balances. Revenues grew despite increased competition and pressure on margins. Our loan yield was down 43 basis points from the second quarter of 2012, which is largely due to the continuing movement of our portfolio to shorter duration floating rate loans with better credit quality, as well as competitive impacts on pricing. Our charge-off rate in the quarter was 4 basis points. While the current very low charge-off levels are not necessarily sustainable, we continue to see improvements in nonperforming loans and criticized loans, so we expect the strong credit performance of our Commercial Banking business to continue. Our Commercial Banking business is in a strong position to continue to deliver growth and profitability. While increasing competition, particularly in the middle-market lending space, may continue to impact the pricing and volume of new loan originations, we expect our focus and specialized approach to Commercial Banking will continue to derive solid growth and profitability. For example, we focus on multifamily housing and have a deep expertise in New York City commercial real estate, and we've developed differentiated industry verticals in C&I lending. Across our Commercial Banking businesses, loan growth, credit and profitability trends remain healthy. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 10. Our businesses continued to deliver solid results in the quarter. We have great businesses, which generate strong revenues, and attractive and resilient risk-adjusted returns. And we remain focused on important levers that will sustain and improve profitability. On the cost front, we're on track for operating expenses of around $11 billion for 2013, and about $10.4 billion in 2014. Driving digital transformation in all of our businesses, and driving more efficient and effective procurement and third-party management provides sustainable opportunities to save operating costs. Our outlook for marketing expense in 2013 remains about $1.5 billion. As always, we will make decisions about how and when to spend marketing dollars based on rigorous NPV-based assessment of expected returns on our marketing investment and our current and expected view of opportunities in the marketplace. We are committed to tightly managing costs and operating more efficiently across our businesses. We don't view this as a one-off project. We've internalized that the industry has changed, and efficiency and cost management are very integral to how we run the business and how we create value for our shareholders. It's a focus in all of our businesses and in every budget cycle. Our credit results are strong, driven by our long-standing discipline and underwriting across our businesses and our continuing focus on resilience in the Domestic Card business in particular. Growth remains a high priority for us, but in the context of a preemptive focus on generating attractive, sustainable and resilient returns. Overall loan growth in the coming quarters is likely to be muted as planned runoff and other strategic choices we've made continue to mask stronger underlying growth in areas we've been emphasizing, including Commercial Banking, Auto Finance and selected segments of the Domestic Card business, including transactors, partnerships and revolvers other than very high balance revolvers. Finally, capital management remains an important part of how we expect to deliver superior and sustainable returns to our investors. Steve affirmed our capital return commitments for 2013 and 2014. I want to add a few points of emphasis. Our capital and liquidity positions have never been stronger. Our businesses continued to deliver attractive and sustainable returns and generate capital on a strong trajectory. We're comfortable with our strategic footprint, planned runoff, frees up capital, and our stock is at attractive current levels. All of these factors drive our planned capital distributions in 2013 and 2014. As always, there are risks that are largely outside of our control, which may impact our ability to return capital, but I want to be absolutely clear about our intent to return capital. We continue to believe that we will generate capital well in excess of our needs for growth and risk. So we continue to expect that capital generation and distribution will be important parts of how we deliver shareholder value over the next couple of years and over the longer term. Now, Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Michael, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I had a couple of questions. First, I know this has been a tough one to answer, but the U.S. revenue margin seems to be doing better than expected when anticipating some of the impacts you gave us previously. Outside of kind of seasoning going forward, do you feel these levels are sustainable? And then second, just the tax rate, if you could help us with what the ongoing tax rate estimate is, that'd be great.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Sanjay, so let's talk a bit about the U.S. Card revenue margin. Using only held-for-investment loans as our denominator, revenue margin in the quarter was 18.7%, strikingly up from 16 -- from 17.6% in the first quarter. And the increase was driven by the incremental Best Buy held-for-sale impacts of about 65 basis points, combined with seasonal marginal -- margin increases and strong credit. And offset a bit by the franchise enhancements we talked about in the prior quarters. The second quarter had a full quarter's impact of Best Buy held-for-sale. And adjusting for that, underlying revenue margin is 16.8%. So when we look out into the future about our revenue margin, there's some puts and takes, but the -- you, of course, have seasonality and effects of purchase accounting, but kind of looking past those, let me just talk about the more fundamental puts and takes. And there's really kind of one primary one in each direction. You have the franchise enhancement activities. This is where we're making choices to -- that end up reducing revenue by changing some of our practices or activities to help enhance our franchise and customer experience. And we have kind of -- we've made some forward-looking guidance about those, and we are pretty much on track relative to those. In the -- the other direction really is the -- is having Best Buy as it moves out of our portfolio. Best Buy has a revenue margin that's lower than the portfolio average. And so these 2 factors generally kind of offset each other in the medium-term. So while there are many other factors that can drive revenue margin like industry pricing and credit performance and growth and adding partnership and things like that, the sort of, on an adjusted basis, as we've talked about this, the revenue margin that we're seeing is pretty consistent with historical ROAs and is generally, I think, from a fundamental basis, pretty sustainable.
Stephen S. Crawford: Taxes -- so in taxes, we were a little over 30% in the first quarter. The biggest factor which drove the quarter-over-quarter increase was an expectation for more income. There were some discrete items as well. And there's a catch-up adjustment that happens also to incorporate the higher expectations earnings throughout the year. So that's why the tax rate jumped up to 32% in the second quarter. And I can't go out too far, but I would say for the year, it's probably going to be between what it was for the first and second quarter.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I was wondering if you could, I guess, help us think about expenses a little further out, and in a recent presentation, you gave some comments around third-party expenses being high relative to peers and that needing kind of 3 to 4 years to work its way through. And also if you could put it in the context of how to think about expenses within the Card business, specifically. I mean, I just always kind of get hung up on the expenses running at around 9% to loans. And I'm sure you kind of look at it more on a revenue basis, but 9% expense to loans seems like a very high number relative to history and relative to peers still.
Richard D. Fairbank: Right. Brian, let me, in fact, take your point about the Card business. First, I -- there are a number of metrics at Capital One that, because of our business mix and the way we manage the business, that are apples and oranges relative to competitors. And certainly, the cost per balance is a classic one of those. Costs are really driven by customers and our average balance per customer tends to be lower. We have a different mix. We avoid the high balance revolvers. And so we are very focused on really driving to a more and more efficient place in the Card business. But I think that our destination -- we always look at competitors for comparison, but I think that we see real opportunities to improve efficiency. But it's driven in the context of still a very different kind of business mix, particularly as manifested by that metric. Also, if you include in an expense calculation, marketing, we've tended to avoid teasers. A lot of competitors are very heavy -- use teasers very extensively. In some ways, our marketing expense are someone else's balance transfer teasers, for example. So -- but beyond those sort of calibration points, we have great energy and passion around the expenses. And while we are driving efficiency in every single way that we manage the business, we have highlighted both third-party expenses and digital as particularly areas for opportunity. Over the years, we outsourced quite a few activities. I think, in many ways, we -- it may be that relative to a number of players, we have a higher percentage of things outsourced, I'm not totally sure of that. But we believe there is great leverage to really get best-in-class with respect to third-party expenses. And one thing that we have done is to mobilize a lot more of the third-party expense and negotiating activities to a very central -- centralized, highly talented, really experienced team. And we're already seeing in that movement, some pretty significant saving opportunities. So I think there's an opportunity, therefore, some steady increases -- improvements in expense over time. The other kind of biggest one to highlight is in the area of digital. And -- I mean, I think it's not an exaggeration to say we're living through one of the most profound changes that's happened in the history of mankind, and banking is certainly no exception. And frankly, I think banking has been quite belated relative to many other industries with respect to the digital revolution. Most of the things that we're doing to drive leadership in digital are not motivated primarily to reduce cost because I think the benefits are so great with respect to the customer experience, the ability to be fast to market, the ability to drive information-based strategies in realtime and so on. But I am certainly struck by the fact that most transactions, the significant majority of all transactions that happened outside of a digital channel in a bank, either a Card business or in a back, could be done digitally by customers. Now, in the end, they're going to make their own choices, but for us, the drive to digital is a multipronged effort to, first of all, create great digital capabilities and give our customers a customer experience that can enable them to choose digital as a primary way of banking. Secondly, if you build it, they won't necessarily come in the sense that driving customers to digital is a really key part of this thing. And thirdly, the -- digital is not just about how we interface with our customers, but in a sense, digitizing the whole company and really running the company, operating, and most importantly, take the mindset of digital. It really has tremendous leverage to it. So this is not something that's going to transform economics overnight, but I think that both third-party and expense and the digital opportunity give us something that, I think, we can drive to for multiyear opportunities to, in the end, raise our gain, and along the way, get more efficient.
Operator: We will go next to Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. I guess first, Rich, can you give a little bit more clarity on your outlook for card loan growth? It seems like there's been some positive turns in the business, particularly in the transactor sector, and you mentioned the pick up in utilization in some of the parts that you're playing now. I know there's still runoff in parts of the portfolio, but what is your expectation when we actually see growth in the portfolio? And a second question, just in terms of, you said you saw seasonal improvement in credit that was better-than-expected. I know you were talking about stable credit trends year-on-year, but could we actually see credit improve year-on-year given the solid better-than-expected outlook?
Richard D. Fairbank: So, yes, Ryan, look, I think -- I'm encouraged by the things that I see beneath the surface in our Card business, in the areas where we're investing. I see a bit -- I don't want to overstate the effect, but I see more traction. I see things happen -- happening a little bit more response. I think that some of the new programs we've been putting in place are getting some nice traction. The line increase brownout that we have experienced, really, since the beginning of 2012, when the regulatory rules changed on requiring validation of income before doing a line increase, we're working our way through -- we're pretty much there with respect to having the capabilities we need to now increase credit lines and so on. I do want to say, though, that the Capital One way of doing the Card business is one where we book accounts and build balances on a gradually, kind of, increasing basis. So this is not a big change that you'll see. In fact, I said that the needle on what I just talked about will really move more next year than this year. But the other thing that makes me still cautious to point to loan growth is that when we talk about running off, the 2 things that we're essentially running down, one is the riskiest parts of the HSBC portfolio, and the least resilient parts of our own portfolio, really more focused around high-balance revolvers. That runoff is -- involves a lot of balances and that each year, we kind of start behind the starting line in generating growth. When you see the bounce in my step and the excitement about the businesses that I know those choices are going to really enhance the resilience of our business. They won't -- you won't get paid for that in the good times. You get paid for that in the bad times. But meanwhile, everywhere we're investing, I really like our chances. The other one I want to say is the other place where I think there's upside from here, but it's not upside that is like right around the corner, is in the partnership space on the organic side. In the last couple of years, really since we announced the HSBC deal, pretty much all of our energy has gone in -- with respect to that partnership business, has gone into doing the integration and re-upping with partners. I think what excites partners about Capital One is the opportunity to create innovative marketing programs and really build business over time. So in that sense, I think some opportunities have been lying fallow, if you will, and can be capitalized over time as we kind of -- in fact, really pretty much at the destination with respect to integration and partner sign-ups. So that's why I've got a bit more of a bounce in my step, but I just don't think you're going to see the metrics, really, moving for a while in any dramatic way. On the credit side, you've heard our comments over the last several years, and we've tended to be -- we never liked to book improvements that might come out in the future. It is certainly striking -- and it's extraordinary, really, what has happened over the last few years as consumers have become more and more careful. And frankly, originators like Capital One and our competitors have also, I think, been particularly conservative in their originations. I think what we're seeing is that as this plays out in our portfolio, the kind of pay off of years of conservatism by us and by the consumer is manifesting even better credit performance than we probably would have expected, maybe the flip side of why we lament about loan growth sometime, that delevering consumer. But I -- our comments that -- I mean, I'm not sure I'm ready to declare that things could get better from here. But I think the trend in credit and when we look at things like roll rates and some of the underlying -- pretty much all the metrics associated with credit continue to show 2 things: One, the payoff from the conservative approach we've taken to originations and all of our credit policy; and second, the consumer that continues to be cautious.
Operator: We'll go next to Donald Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Rich, if you look around some of the other large banks in the card issuing space, BofA has recently expressed more confidence on market share, Wells is talking about more cards and there's some other banks. I guess, we've all become a little accustomed to just thinking cards are a great business with sustainable ROAs and just want to get your sense on any risk around the competitive framework and yields as you look out the next 1 or 2 years.
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, you remind me of back in my consulting days when I showed one of my clients the sum total of the growth predictions of all the players in the industry and said, unless there's a massive revolutionary growth shock to the system, I think we're all going to be disappointed in more ways than one. A thing that I would say on a calibrated -- I mean, so your question, Donald, is a very good one. If I cross-calibrate what's happened in the Card business versus other places, I think the card -- in the businesses we operate in, I think the card industry has been the most rational relative to the Auto business and the conservative -- I mean, the Commercial business in terms of competition in the wake of the Great Recession. You see a lot of folks kind of rushing into C&I lending, you see folks kind of running into the Auto business. In the -- in the Credit Card business, supply has kind of subsided here in the last couple of years and pricing has been pretty stable. So I would say what we're talking about here is probably the most rational of the markets. That said, all the players seem to have a bit more bounce in their step. And I think that it's a good caution that we should keep an eye out for changes in supply, in pricing and other things that might happen. Notice my own proclamations here, I'm not saying anything about that you're going to see real growth out of Capital One's Card business. We still have a conservative stance. We've got a lot of things running off. I'm very focused on generating resilient returns and letting the growth that the market has to give us, come to us in the way that it will. But we're going to keep a conservative stance on that.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Rich, could you possibly dimensionalize what you're seeing in the Auto business? You had mentioned that things are, in a sense, tightening up there. And I don't know if there's a way that you can describe how the ROAs are changing in the business or how you're seeing that shift, but that would be very helpful, that's my first question.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Ken, the Auto business had a confluence of things happen to it that I believe in our lifetime is, you're never going to see again, okay, and in the period after the financial crisis. You had competitors head for the hill, more exiting in that space than in the other businesses that we play in. You had -- the car companies run into huge problems that cut back their supply. And you add the consumer -- even walk away from their homes while they're making sure that -- I mean, it seems like the assets that they were most making sure they paid on was their car. And you had an extraordinary sustained increase in used car prices that meant for all of us. Every year when we did our originations and for us, of course, assuming that whatever we saw in used car prices would regress toward the mean, the fact that we find, on the recovery side, so much more value than we had estimated, you really had kind of this -- kind of the Golden Age, if you will, of the Auto business. What's happening now is that other than the fact we don't yet see evidence of used car pricing subsiding, although we would expect that as well, you see pretty much more return to normal on all the things that I just talked about. People have reentered the space -- lenders have reentered the space. It's not lost in them that there was some gold in them there hills. The car companies are getting their mojo back and stepping up volumes quite a bit. And so -- we are very, very careful to watch these markets carefully and not pursue growth objectives at the sacrifice of good credit and all of that. So where are we? This is not a red flag that I'm dropping on this business. It's really more of a return from an exceptional, once-in-a-lifetime kind of period to something more normal. So from an underwriting point of view, if you talk about -- if you look at pricing in the prime space, pricing is now at prerecession levels. It's very competitive. In subprime, it's healthy but falling and approaching the -- approaching kind of more cycle average, but still above it. The -- from a credit point of view, the LTVs are stable and healthy. FICO Scores are holding pretty firm in the industry. But there is some lengthening of terms, significant growth in the sort of 73-month and beyond kind of term period. So we'll keep an eye on that. But of the various metrics to be loosened, that one is a lot less alarming to us. So what we see, Ken, is a business that at the margin, if I described it, I think, 'at the margin,' the originations we're doing now in prime are kind of pretty much typical for what you'd see through this cycle probably. In subprime, they're a bit above but they're clearly well-above hurdle but not at the exceptional levels that we saw in the past. And so there's still a comfortable margin in our originations relative to our cost of capital. And we are comfortable with the underwriting that we are doing. And so that's why at the pretty high level of originations we've been operating at, we hope to continue at levels pretty consistent with that. But the main thing that we wanted to do was flag that -- while at times, I will raise issues and say, "watch out for these various concerns out there." These changes in the Auto business are -- it's absolute portfolio math as these new originations replace the old. So we still love the business and we're going to be very passionate in our pursuit of it. But there's going to be a little less gold in them there hills going forward.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I understand. And then as maybe an analogous event, in terms of what may happen, getting back to Don's question about competition, do you see that possibly that could happen within the U.S. Card business? Just this is obviously a point in time where the returns in the U.S. Card business are extremely high and, clearly, everybody's focused on it. I'm wondering if you are seeing any evidence of a shift, whether it be in the pricing or the underwriting that would suggest that we're maybe on the early stages of seeing something similar in U.S. Card.
Richard D. Fairbank: I think there's a real difference between the kind of exceptional -- the high returns in the Card business and the high returns in the Auto business. In the Auto business, when there's a gold rush like we've had in the past number of years, pretty much anybody out there can go out, partake in that and almost anybody could've made a lot of money doing that business. And you just need the right price for the right dealer at the right time. And you're pretty good to go. What makes the Card business exceptionally profitable on a sustainable basis is the nature of -- in an incredibly sophisticated business, the nature of these relationships that are not just some one-off origination, these are customers that you manage over time, and the industry is down to a handful of players who are deeply experienced in the business. Every one of those players just went through the Great Recession. Several of them lost billions of dollars in the business. Everybody, I think, saw the -- what happens to parts of their business when the stuff that they chased too aggressively. Ken, I'm more hopeful that the -- I think the Auto business -- the other thing is that the Auto business, I think, has gotten to a place where the cost to acquire is really pretty high. And so certainly, what we're doing is focusing mostly on profitability and taking what the market will give us. But I think the real difference versus what I've seen in Auto and especially what I see in the C&I business of people sort of rushing into these spaces because they don't really have a lot of other places to go.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Rich, you talked about $1.5 billion in marketing this year and you talked about having effective marketing use of that money to generate growth in some of the areas. As you kind of look at that and we think into 2014, are those opportunities getting better or worse? I mean, do you think that you're going to go for more growth in 2014 in those areas than you're seeing now or dial back in them in the Card business?
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, I think that we see, at the margin, a bit of increase in opportunities. I'm not sure that's really going to translate into an increase in marketing, because I think it may be that the things we've been investing in we see some pretty good results from and we would continue doing that. When -- so I believe that we already have good success in our business when you look past the things that we're running off. That's the result of many things, including our investment in marketing. I think we see continued success and you should probably expect continued investment in marketing. When people talk about growth, of course, growth is really driven by originations, account management and choices to runoff things. And so we've had a bit of this paradox that we're investing quite a bit in marketing at the same time that we're going sideways with respect to the portfolio. But again, we look at it down at the next level and really look at what is that marketing actually generating us. So I think more, we just see a validation of the success of our marketing but I'm not -- we're not really here to suggest any significant changes in that.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: As a follow-up, you identified the earnings contribution from the Best Buy portfolio. If you annualize that and kind of assume you buy back $1 billion worth of stock gets you about 2.5% of the shares, I mean, you annualize the Best Buy contributions $0.50 to $0.55 and 2.5% of the shares kind of benefits you by -- in the neighborhood of $0.15. Is that math about right, that cost about $0.40 a share?
Stephen S. Crawford: Yes, I'm not sure. Can you go through that again, please? As we've got -- we're going do the $1 billion repurchase, right? But that's all going to be back-end loaded in 2013. So you won't have -- you won't have the full impact of that until next year.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, right, I'm just thinking about it kind of both of them on a run rate basis, but you had kind of identified an impact of 120 some odd million dollars pretax positive from Best Buy. If you kind of annualize that, it's in the neighborhood $500 million or after-tax somewhere in the neighborhood of $0.50, $0.55, then kind of benefit from the other side of that from share repurchase.
Stephen S. Crawford: Moshe, I mean, that's actually one quarter of held-for-sale. Last quarter, we actually gave a schedule, quarter-by-quarter, of what happens with respect to Best Buy. And you really, for the run rate impact of Best Buy, need to look at the fourth quarter and even that, we suggested, wasn't going to be necessarily the final picture. Because we're still at work on the cost side. So this quarter, in terms of the impact, isn't really a good way to think about Best Buy on an annualized basis.
Operator: We'll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I'm wondering, could you just clarify for us how much of the sort of $73 million sequential reduction in reserves for estimated uncollectible finance charges and fees would have helped the margin, net interest income and how much would have been in fees?
Stephen S. Crawford: We couldn't hear you. Could you ask that question again?
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Yes, sure. I just wonder if you could give us the breakdown of the sequential decline in the uncollectible finance charges and fees? It was about $73 million lower in Q2. And I guess also I was curious about seasonality, because it's down a lot more from a year ago in the second quarter, it's been moving around as credit qualities improved.
Stephen S. Crawford: , Wasn't the second quarter last year when we had the one-time increase in the finance charge and fee reserve from the acquisition of HSBC?
Richard D. Fairbank: That's correct. Right, right.
Stephen S. Crawford: So the decline is more the absence of that one-time effect.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. But sequentially, so from Q1 to Q2, it was about $73 million. Could you give us a sense of how much of that's in net interest income and how much is in noninterest income?
Richard D. Fairbank: No, we don't really break that out between noninterest income and net interest income, David, it's the sum of both. We don't have a quantification.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: So I guess it's back to kind of trying to normalize the margin, if that's going to move around and that's even been kind of a benefit you have this quarter, which we expect that to be.
Stephen S. Crawford: Well, part of that is actually an impact of credit and part of it is just lower fees. So it's consistent with what you heard from Rich on the credit side. We're not anticipating huge improvements from here on out. So I think you'll probably see more of our stability on the item going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from a Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Rich, I was hoping you could give us your current thoughts on where you see the rewards environment currently. And in particular, whether you're seeing any signs of industry rewards being scaled back a little bit given the focus on controlling expenses. And for Capital One specifically, what's been happening directionally with your rewards ratio?
Richard D. Fairbank: Bill, we have -- ours is more of a stable story in our case. We've been investing in this business for years. Our value proposition is pretty attractive for consumers and one of the key characteristics of what we offer is what you see is more what you get, there's not lots of fine print and complexity in terms of, ultimately, how much the customer gets. We're finding pretty high levels of redemption, which is consistent with customers really getting what they thought they would get. So we've been investing in this for years. We like what we see. And so for us, it's a very stable kind of story from here. I'm not seeing really much change from competitors on this dimension either. I mean, I think, frankly, it's a very competitive space and if people are looking for cost saves, I don't see our competitors really finding them in the reward space.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, could you talk about -- in just looking at the reported 19% year-over-year increase in net interchange fee revenues this quarter, and then comparing that to the purchase volume growth, which for your Card business was up about 12% over the same period, I know there were some U.S. Card acquisition, there was an impact that, that had. But I guess I was just hoping you can maybe help us understand what the difference is between the growth rates and your net interchange fee revenues and your purchase volume growth, and that's it.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Thanks, Bill. So the purchase volume grew, I think, 13% year-over-year or around 9% when you exclude the HSBC portfolio. And one thing that -- it always gets a little complicated on our net interchange disclosure, that represents all of our Card business, including International Credit Card and our Bank Debit business and the impacts of some partnership payments. So those payments, which are related to purchase activity. So if we separate out partner payments and focus on the trends in our domestic, general purpose credit card portfolio, our purchase volume growth has been higher, generally, over the last few years, higher than our net interchange revenue growth because we have been growing in the attractive products. We've been marketing, as you've seen them on TV and elsewhere. And the percentage of purchases in our card portfolio, driven by people with rewards cards as opposed to without rewards card, that has been a sustained mix change over time. That will continue over the course of the next year or so. We actually got to the -- these things bounce around a little bit, and we got -- in this particular quarter, when things net out, you actually had the interchange growth kind of on a net adjusted basis beyond the things I talked about, grow pretty much at the same level as purchase volume growth. But I think, over time, you will see some -- still some lagging of the interchange growth rate relative to the purchase volume growth rate only because we continue to migrate more of our portfolio to rewards, and so -- I mean, its the byproduct of actually a movement to bringing better products and experiences to our customers. Where we get rewarded with that over time, no pun intended, is with better customer experience, lower attrition and the more sustainable franchise metrics that are really what this journey is about. So -- but what I'm happy about is for some years, actually, the interchange was lagging the purchase volume growth by a lot and now the race has become much closer.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Thank you, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today. And thank you for your interest in Capital One. Remember, Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks and have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Brian Foran Martin Kemnec - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Matt. And welcome, everyone, to Capital One's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at www.capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2013 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff. Before we get started this evening, I want to take a moment and say a few words about my friend and our CFO, Gary Perlin. As we announced a few months ago, Gary has decided to retire and will be transitioning out of the company over the course of this year. After a decade of great work at our company, this is Gary's last earnings call. Now at Capital One, as you know, we always search the world to find the very best talent. And that's how we found Gary. I tried to get Gary to join us in 1994. He chose other options, but we didn't give up and he finally saw the light in 2003. And since then, Gary has made a huge impact to Capital One on every step of our journey to build a great company and reward our investors. He's been a strong leader and a wise and trusted advisor. And as you know he's smart, he's rigorous, and he has the highest of integrity. I know you will join me in saying thanks to Gary and wishing him the best as he immerses himself in his many interests beyond Capital One. I'm grateful for everything he's done to put our company in a strong position. As we wish Gary well, we're also welcoming Steve Crawford to our company as our new CFO. Steve will officially take over the CFO role on May 24 and you'll be hearing from him during our second quarter earnings call. Steve brings more than 2 decades of big-time financial services experience to the table, including having been the CFO of Morgan Stanley, and he knows our company well. Steve has already hit the ground running since joining us in February and he's fully engaged in having an important impact on how we continue to win in the marketplace, how we manage our business and get our investors paid. Gary and Steve have been exemplary in working together to ensure a smooth transition and I'm looking forward to working with Steve for many years to come. And now, with my deep appreciation for all he's done over the last decade and for one last time, I'll turn the call over to Gary.
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Rich, for those very generous comments. It's been a personal and professional privilege to work with you and the entire Capital One team for 10 very exciting years. I also count, as a highlight, the opportunity to meet and interact regularly with so many analysts and shareholders. You all have both challenged and supported me and I hope that I have returned the favor in the spirit of friendship and mutual respect. Now as always, let's get down to business. We'll turn to Slide 3. Capital One earned just over $1 billion or $1.79 per share in the first quarter, including $2.5 billion of pre-provision earnings, which, if we're adjusting for the benefit of moving our Best Buy partnership portfolio to held for sale, is about in line with the quarterly run rate we anticipated for 2013. In addition, earnings in the quarter benefited from lower provision expense, which was driven by a $261 million allowance release. Lastly, we recognized a $97 million charge for rep and warranty expense in the quarter, which was driven by a $107 million charge in discontinued operations, offset by a slight benefit in continuing operations. There were also a few notable events in the quarter. First, we redeemed $3.6 billion of high-coupon, trust-preferred securities on January 2, which had a benefit to net revenue this quarter of $9 million. This includes a $75 million benefit to interest expense, partially offset by a onetime, non-interest income reduction of $65 million attributable to the accelerated amortization of issuance costs. Second, we announced our agreement to sell the Best Buy partnership portfolio and moved about $7 billion of loans to held for sale as of February 1. This movement to held for sale resulted in a $40 million benefit to revenue in the quarter and a $41 million reduction in provision expense. The provision benefit results from the fact that expected charge-offs are absorbed by the carrying value of the held-for-sale loans after reclassifying some $289 million in loan loss allowance. Revenue similarly benefits as reversals of fee and finance charges are also taken against the carrying value of the loans, although the movement of loans to held for sale resulted in an $87 million benefit to income before tax in the quarter. We expect earnings will be positively impacted for the first 3 quarters of this year until the partnership portfolio sale closes. This positive impact on 2013 earnings will be partially offset by the reduction in earnings once the sale closes late in the third quarter. We have included an appendix slide in this presentation detailing expected quarterly financial statement impacts by line item. These estimates are limited to 2013 and do not necessarily reflect opportunity costs in 2014 and beyond. That's because we expect to capture incremental cost savings going forward and because revenues would likely have fallen as a result of our choices around card practices, such as exiting payment protection. Turning to Slide 4. I'll briefly discuss highlights of our first quarter income statement. Pre-provision earnings were up 7% in the quarter or 5% net of the benefit from moving the Best Buy partnership to held for sale. This improvement was driven by a decrease in non-interest expense, partially offset by the expected seasonal decline in revenue. Revenue was down from the fourth quarter as seasonally lower balances and purchase volume in our Domestic Card business were partially offset by higher margins, which I'll discuss shortly. Non-interest expense decreased 7% from the fourth quarter. The operating and marketing expense levels tend to be seasonally high. The quarterly impact on operating expense from the amortization of purchased intangibles and integration costs are detailed on this slide and expected annual impacts, which really haven't changed in our estimate, are shown on Slide 12 in the appendix. At this point, non-interest expense is currently tracking a bit below our projected run rate for 2013, which I shared with you on last quarter's call, which we'll have more to say on expenses in a few moments. Putting these items together, please recall that our January estimates for revenue and expenses for 2013 were approximately $22.5 billion and $12.5 billion, respectively, resulting in pre-provision earnings of about $10 billion. 3 months into the year, those estimates for the full-year remain within any reasonable margin of error. We saw a 23% decline in provision expense in the quarter, primarily driven by a $261 million allowance release, partially offset by $67 million in other provision expense. The other expense was driven by a reserve build for unfunded commercial commitments, reflecting a one time change in estimate and by foreign currency adjustments. The largest component of the allowance release was in Domestic Card, with a better-than-anticipated credit performance in the quarter, including delinquencies, and an improvement in drivers for our future outlook. Still, the coverage ratio of allowance to delinquencies in Domestic Card rose above the level in recent quarters. Finally, we recorded a $97 million charge in rep and warranty in the quarter, of which $107 million was recorded in discontinued operations, offset by a $10 million release in continuing operations. This expense reflects our assessment of probable and estimable losses in light of the current environment, largely in relation to non-agency mortgage developments. Turning now to Slide 5. I'll touch briefly on loan balances and margins. Average interest-earning assets fell in the quarter as a result of both lower cash balances and a seasonal reduction in loan balances. The decrease in loan balances was offset by net interest margin expansion. Reported NIM increased in the first quarter to 6.71% from 6.52% in the fourth quarter. Two factors drove the quarterly increase in NIM, offsetting the reduction resulting from the simple math of the first quarter having 2 fewer days' worth of recognized income. The first positive impact was from the redemption of trust-preferred securities early in the quarter. This resulted in an 11-basis-point benefit to interest expense as well as an 8-basis-point benefit from reducing the cash balances that had been built up in anticipation of the call of those securities. It's also a 7-basis-point improvement from the $40 million revenue benefit from the announced sale of the partnership portfolio. Although those loans are now accounted for as held for sale, the balances remain as interest-earning assets. Looking forward, we continue to expect about $12 billion in loan runoff in 2013, about $10 billion in mortgage runoff and about $2 billion in Domestic Card. Planned runoff will continue in 2014, which we estimate at about $8.5 billion, of which $7.5 billion is in mortgage and $1 billion in card. As for NIM, we continue to expect that we'll experience some cross-currents. Like the rest of the industry, low interest rates and relatively flat yield curve and weak loan demand represent headwinds. However, we expect to see the continued beneficial effect of lower rates in deposits and other borrowings and a rotation from lower-yielding mortgages to a broader mix of consumer and commercial loans. Turning to Slide 6, our Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis was about 80 basis points in the quarter to end at 11.8%. We expect that we will continue to generate substantial amounts of capital in coming quarters, inclusive of our previously announced intention to increase the quarterly dividend to $0.30 per share beginning this quarter, subject to final approval of our Board of Directors at its scheduled meeting in May. As noted on our last call, we have formally begun our journey to adopt Basel II, also referred to as advanced approaches, which, for Capital One, will take effect on or after January 1, 2016. Using our evolving estimates of this impact, Capital One's Tier 1 common ratio, under currently proposed rules for implementing Basel III over coming years, will be about 8.5%. This estimate incorporates the amortization of PCCR and the scheduled pay down of capital punitive investment securities. Let me remind you that this ratio is now above our assumed target when Basel III is fully phased in over the next several years. Rich will address in his comments our intentions for capital management in light of our strong balance sheet position and expected generation of substantial amounts of additional capital going forward. With that, let me hand the call back to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 7, which provides an overview of solid business results in the first quarter. Our Domestic Card business posted strong profitability in the quarter. As Gary already discussed, first quarter results reflect the impacts of the planned Best Buy portfolio sale and held-for-sale accounting. Excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, ending loan volumes declined 7.4% in the quarter, which compares to quarterly declines of about 6% in the first quarters of 2012 and 2011. Expected seasonal patterns and planned runoff of some of the acquired HSBC-branded loans drove the first quarter decline. Purchase volume, excluding HSBC, increased about 5.5% compared to the first quarter of 2012. First quarter last year had 2 more processing days than the first quarter this year. Adjusting for the difference in day count, the year-over-year growth in purchase volume would've been about 8%. Domestic Card revenue margin, excluding held-for-sale accounting impacts, was about 16.3% in line with normal seasonal patterns. Charge-off rate increased 8 basis points in the quarter to 4.4%. Delinquency rate improved 24 basis points to 3.4%. Charge-off and delinquency trends were both modestly better than expected seasonal patterns. As we've discussed for several quarters, we believe that cautious consumer behavior is one of the key drivers of persistently weak consumer demand and the resulting pressure on loan growth. However, the flip side of relatively weak loan volumes is relatively strong credit performance, which we've observed over the last couple of years. The Consumer Banking business delivered another quarter of solid results. Ending loans declined about $1.5 billion, in line with our expectations. About $800 million of continuing growth in Auto Loans was more than offset by about $2.2 billion of expected mortgage runoff. Auto Loan originations were down $500 million compared to the first quarter of last year, a decline of about 11%. The year-over-year decline in originations reflect increased competition and our choice not to chase growth that might compromise the sustained returns or resilience of the business. Consumer Banking revenue was stable compared to the fourth quarter. Loan yields were stable and deposit interest expense improved modestly. Provision expense was relatively stable. The Auto Finance charge-off rate showed modest seasonal improvement and the overall Consumer Banking charge-off rate remains below 1%. Our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of solid growth and profitability. Loans grew 1% in the quarter and 12% year-over-year. Revenues were up about 4% compared to the first quarter of last year, driven by growth in loans and deposit balances. Revenues grew despite increased competition and pressure on margin. Our loan yield was down 56 basis points from the first quarter in 2012, which is largely due to the continuing impact of the low rate environment, movement of our portfolio to more floating rate loans with better credit and the absence of a favorable onetime impact we had in the first quarter of 2012. Non-interest expense improved about 12% in the quarter, driven by the absence of several non-recurring items from the fourth quarter of 2012. Quarterly operating expense was down about 1% compared to the first quarter of last year. Our charge-off rate in the quarter was 7 basis points. We continue to see improvements in non-performing loans and credit-sized loans, so we expect a strong credit performance of our Commercial Banking business to continue. Turning to Slide 8. Let me pull up and talk about how our businesses are positioned. Our Commercial Banking business is in a strong position to continue to deliver steady growth and profitability. While increasing competition, particularly in middle-market lending, may continue to impact the pricing of new loan originations. We have a diverse set of businesses in attractive markets. For example, our focus on strong local market, commercial real estate and our deep industry verticals and C&I lending continue to drive solid growth and profitability. Across our Commercial Banking businesses, loan growth, credit and profitability trends remain healthy. In Consumer Banking, both our direct bank and branch-based deposit franchises remain very well positioned. We continue to see the benefits of local scale and attractive markets and we've made great strides in operational and customer improvement in our branch franchise. On February 1, we rebranded ING Direct to our new direct banking brand, Capital One 360. Rebranding efforts and customer communications are going well. Capital One 360 is now the leading digital bank positioned at the forefront of where banking is going. Our home loans credit trends remain strong and meaningfully better than the assumptions we incorporated into credit marks on the acquired Home Loans portfolios. And our servicing operations are solid. In our Auto Finance business, our focus on building deep relationships with our most-valued auto dealers continues to pay off. We're delivering surefooted growth by expanding this relationship approach to new geographies. We still see solid overall profitability and above-hurdle returns in new originations, but we expect that increased competition will drive returns from our current levels closer towards cycle average. We expect that our Auto Finance business will continue to deliver solid growth and returns. Our Domestic Card business is very healthy and delivering attractive results. Margins and returns are strong, even as we invest in franchise enhancements. Charge-off and delinquencies are normalizing at strong levels with the expected seasonal patterns. And it's important to note that reported results in our Domestic Card business are inclusive of our partnerships business, which has lower margins, average charge-off rates and lower returns compared to our branded Card business. The key issue is loan growth, which reflects both some weak demand and, just as importantly, the strategic choices we're making. We are choosing to let the least-resilient loans we acquired from HSBC runoff. We're also continuing to emphasize resilience in our new originations, as we remain largely on the sidelines of the high-balance revolver space in the Domestic Card market. This choice to avoid high-balance revolvers swamps the other factors that impact loan growth, because this part of the market presents the greatest opportunity to grow loan balances through the use of balance transfer teasers and through balanced stimulation offers to existing customers. For years, we've talked about the resilience issues with high-balance revolvers and we've consistently chosen to avoid this part of the market. By definition, the value and benefit of resilience is harder to see during the good times. But our choice to largely stay out of this part of the market was one of the key drivers of our relatively strong performance through The Great Recession. We continue to actively pursue revolver customers that have lower balances and indebtedness levels, as well as transactor customers where we are gaining share. While the transactor business does not deliver near-term loan growth, it does deliver attractive and sustained economic value through high-spending and interchange revenue, low attrition, low credit losses and franchise-enhancing customer relationships. Our choices are evident in selected Domestic Card metrics. Loan volumes reflect both significant planned runoff and our choice to stay out of the high-balance revolver space. The fact that only 6% of our Domestic Card loan balances are on promotional rates is another result of avoiding high-balance revolvers. Purchase volume growth reflects the continuing growth of transactor customer relationships. And over time, we expect the runoff will subside and that the gains we are seeing in the customer segments we're focused on will more clearly drive loan growth. Our Domestic Card business is delivering significant shareholder value today in the form of strong and sustainable returns and capital generation. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 8. Our businesses continued to deliver solid results in the quarter. We have great businesses with attractive and resilient risk-adjusted returns, led by strong and sustainable profitability of our Domestic Card business. Our Auto Finance and Commercial Banking businesses are delivering solid growth. Our balance sheet is strong and we continue to generate significant capital. In the near term, we continue to navigate the challenges of the prolonged low interest rate environment, weak consumer demand and significant planned runoff of certain acquired mortgage and card loans. We are not content to simply watch these market challenges and runoff trends play out. We are fully mobilized to protect the profitability and returns of our business by managing costs and to deliver shareholder value by returning capital. I'll discuss cost management first. Our outlook for non-interest expense in 2013 remain $12.5 billion, comprised of $11 billion in operating expense and $1.5 billion in marketing expense. In 2014, we expect operating expense to improve to about $10.4 billion. We expect acquisition-related intangible amortization to decline by about $100 million compared to 2013. While this is a non-cash item that amortizes away, we intend to manage our businesses to ensure that the savings hit the bottom line. We'll also manage down our integration cost by about $160 million versus 2013 and intend to manage so that these cash savings hit the bottom line as well. We expect to realize the remaining operating expense improvements through our continuing efforts to manage expenses tightly and operate more efficiently across our businesses. Our operating expense outlook does not include the potential impacts of either positive or negative non-recurring items, which we do not forecast. As always, we will make decisions about how and when to spend marketing dollars based on our current and expected view of opportunities in the marketplace. Moving now to capital. As Gary discussed, we're in a strong capital position today and we continue to generate capital on a strong trajectory. With the successful completion of the 2013 CCAR process in March, we're planning to increase our quarterly dividend to $0.30 per share beginning in May, subject to approval by our board. As we've discussed, we see this as the first step. Based on our current forecast and subject to regulatory approval, we would expect to request share repurchases that would drive 2014 total payout ratio to a level well above current bank industry norms, driven by several factors. We expect that our business will continue to generate attractive returns, adding to our existing capital strength. We expect significant planned runoff to continue through 2014 and we believe purchase account -- excuse me, purchasing our own stock is a particularly compelling alternative at the current time. We've started discussions with our regulators to seek approval to begin share repurchases in 2013. While we have not yet reached agreement for this -- while we have not yet reached agreement for the sale of the Best Buy portfolio at the time of our CCAR submission in early January, our CCAR plan indicated that, in the event we reach an agreement to sell the assets, we would seek approval to distribute capital freed up by such a sale. Any said share repurchases would be subject to approval by our regulators and, if approved, would not be executed until the time the portfolio sale actually closes. Pulling up, our outlook for the next couple of years implies that diligent expense management and significant capital return will be key levers to create shareholder value. And we are highly focused on delivering that value as quickly and effectively as possible. And now, Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have any follow-ups after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Matt, please start the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the comments on CCAR. You talked about that the plan contemplated the -- you being able to go back and repurchase some stock that was freed up. Can you give us a sense of what that incorporates? So is it you're allowed to repurchase stock of the capital that was actually freed up from the transaction? Or is there a different amount? And second, just when you say total payout way above banking industry norms, can you kind of try to quantify that or, at least, put it in a range for us?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Ryan, first of all, when we -- there's not an official kind of CCAR process that we are reentering here. So our intent is consistency with what was in our original CCAR process or application, if you will. And that was very explicit about this Best Buy component. So what we are trying to free up is the capital associated with the Best Buy sale. But again, what actually happens along the way in these conversations is something that there's not an official process and we'll have to see what happens in the Fed conversation. With respect to what we mean by the payout above sort of industry norms, bank industry norms, well, as we look out there, I think the bank industry norms are running kind of around 50% in terms of total payout ratio. And our intent for 2014 is to distribute well above that.
Operator: We go next to Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So quickly, if the buyback -- if you were to get new approval for the buyback, the earliest we could hope for is basically fourth quarter as you expect the sale to close in the third, correct? And secondly, you discussed loan growth being still the big challenge out there. Can you discuss what you're seeing from competitors, especially in the card industry, that could be limiting that availability?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. Craig, it's Gary. I'll take your first question. And again, as Rich said, there's not a formal process. But just following our own capital plan, we would wait until after the sale closes and the capital is freed up to begin any repurchases that are approved by the regulators. So that would be probably end of the third quarter, early fourth, yes.
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, in terms of the competition, I assume we're talking about, in the Card business -- I think competition in the Card business is at a -- I mean, it's always intense. But it's at a fairly stable and reasonably rational level. The biggest issue, I mean, I think we should start with this just sort of demand itself industry -- I mean, revolving debt is generally going sideways. It's been going sideways for an extended period of time. Certainly, purchase volume in the industry is -- I mean, the card industry, since it's kind of bottomed at the downturn, the card industry has seen their own purchase volume grow faster than retail sales in the same way that the reverse effect happened on the way down. So I mean, that's been a pretty good thing. And I think the industry has settled out to a place where supply is down from where it went to in 2011. I think what happened is, as competitors saw the sun just start to peek out a little bit in -- with respect to the great recession, they stepped on the gas with respect to direct mail volumes and marketing in 2011 and, I think, found that there wasn't nearly kind of the response that they had hoped for. So what has happened is direct mail volumes are now kind of like 30% down from there. Generally stable. Pricing out there in the marketplace is generally stable, I think, going up just a little bit. And so I don't think our opportunities are really being driven by competitor actions. I think they're really being driven by the choice that we make in the -- sort of again, if we denominate our conversation by loan growth and really the choice is about the high-balance revolvers and the balance transfer sort of teaser rate gain, that is the thing that sort of most dominates the metrics with respect to loan growth. But if I look beyond that, yes, demand is weak. We are gaining share in all the segments that we are investing in. I think we very much like the economics of what we're booking. And the -- we don't want to push anything in an unnatural way. But the key thing is we're saying we want to make sure that our -- that we can maintain the exceptionally high returns we have in the Card business. And we got to do that through managing our expenses carefully. Redoubling that imperative, of course, is having Best Buy move out of the equation. So there's tremendous energy on the expense side in the Card business and then across the company on both expenses and in terms of capital return.
Operator: We'll go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I had one question specifically to Best Buy and then one for Rich. Just on Best Buy, I was looking at that table that you guys had in the slide deck towards the end of it. And I was wondering, is the fourth quarter the number to kind of look at and annualize? And when I do annualize that number, it kind of approximates about $0.38 in EPS after tax. I was just wondering whether in that fourth quarter number, there's some seasonality. And then you talked about getting some operating leverage into 2014, so does that mitigate that impact? And then secondly for Rich, perhaps you could just talk about marketing because that was one point you made into 2014. I was just wondering kind of how much of that number is discretionary and how much of it is allocated to cards. And to the extent that you're not seeing the growth, how much of that can you kind of pare back?
Gary L. Perlin: Okay, Sanjay, it's Gary. Let me address your question. Looking now at Slide 11 of the presentation in the appendix. We've given you the quarterly estimates for this year of the impact to Best Buy, because you're going to see those playing through from one quarter to the next. If we closed late in the third quarter, we wanted to show you what you might expect in terms of impact in the fourth quarter. But as I said earlier, it would be wrong to simply take the fourth quarter and annualize it in terms of the opportunity cost, both because of the additional non-interest expense that we expect that we can take out of our base, some of it related to the moving out of that particular partnership. But also because the revenue stream associated with that book of business we would've assumed would have started to decline because of the choices we've made around some of the card practices. I mentioned payment protection being one of those. In terms of the bottom line EPS impact, remember, as well, that there's not only the opportunity loss of the earnings. But to the extent it freeze up the capital, to the extent we're able to use that freed up capital to repurchase our shares, we think we can mitigate significant maturity of any opportunity loss in terms of EPS. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Sanjay, on your question with respect to marketing, we have the whole information-based apparatus of Capital One geared toward very rigorous measurements about what we're marketing and what we're getting for that. We don't measure success of marketing by our loan growth metric. It's really measured by the creation of value and before we originate, after we originate and after programs have aged for many years, we, of course, we estimate and then reestimate and go back and assess and see what we have learned. In this environment of certainly not a lot of torrid loan growth, there still is good opportunity to create real value. And we are very comfortable with what we see and we have a lot of evidence for the, I think, the positive choices that we're making. And that's why as we're managing expenses so tightly, we're sort of separating out our kind of commitment, if you will, that this is where we think operating costs are going to go. And then the marketing call, we'll continue to be more of a line of scrimmage call, really based on what we see the market has to give us.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I was hoping you guys could help me reconcile some of the commentary, just trying to make sure that I understand how you guys are thinking about the capital return from a value-creation perspective. You've described the value-creation aspects of capital that can be freed up and returned as a result of Best Buy. But my understanding was that you guys had paid an 8.25% premium or thereabouts to acquire the Best Buy portfolio and you, essentially, got back par for it and now you're returning that capital. So can you kind of help me understand the economic value-creation element of that? And then I have one follow-up.
Gary L. Perlin: Sure. Bill, it's Gary. And the premium that we paid for the HSBC business of just over 8% was across the entire business. We obviously, ascribe different parts of that premium based on the value that we thought existed in various parts of the portfolio. We ascribed very little value and therefore, very little of the premium, to the Best Buy portfolio. And so that's how it looks to us in terms of being able to get back to a point where we're really creating value by returning that capital and improving performance.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And the follow-up is, there's been some evidence that post the payroll tax cuts that lower-income customers has faced greater level of financial stress. Have you seen any signs among your -- certainly, if not at an overall aggregate basis, maybe just within some of your lower-income customers of any kind of weakness from that subgroup?
Gary L. Perlin: No. Bill, we have looked specifically actually for that effect. There are several things going on sort of in the broader political marketplace and we've tried to look for any evidence of actually any of those effects in the actual performance metrics of our customers, overall or within a particular segment. And we have not seen that.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin St. Pierre with Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: On the capital commentary, Rich, I know there is -- there are a lot of investors are going to be happy to hear what you offered. Maybe I could ask you to just take one more step and think about capital deployment opportunities that could arise between here and the time when Best Buy closes and whether you would or would not look at portfolio acquisitions or any other types of acquisitions.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Kevin, first of all, overall, as a general comment, we believe we have plenty of capacity to return capital to our shareholders and add attractive partnership relationships. In 2013, I think, in particular, any deal would need to be an extraordinary opportunity with identifiable near-term returns to forego an opportunity to return capital to you in 2013. I mean, I think we're really kind of saying we're going right down this path. It's a very near-term path and we want to make sure that -- I mean, it's been an important event here to have the Best Buy portfolio. Even though we valued it at par, it's a big event when this comes out of the portfolio. And we've got a lot of capital in a sense sort of trapped in the company here. And we want to make sure that we get this out as fast as we can. But I don't think that, that will take away from our opportunity over time, Kevin, to get the kind of attractive partnerships that are out there and that we're well positioned to take advantage of.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great, that's clear. And then just a quick follow-up. Just to clarify the -- your outlook for operating expense in 2014, that would be inclusive of any savings related to Best Buy?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, that's correct, Kevin.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I had 2 questions, the first one being relative to Domestic Card business. Can you give, Rich or Gary, any sort of metrics or sense that the strategy that you're embarking on -- it's obviously a difficult macro environment to grow that business. But you seem to be spending a lot of money on marketing. The spending growth, the purchase volume growth has been fading a little bit. That could be macro. You're still doing better than most of your peers, but the lending growth has been challenging. Do you feel like you're getting a good ROI on your investment these days, all the money you're spending on marketing, in all the television advertising. And you -- Rich, you referenced the fact that these transactors, they don't tend to create balances right away. But is there a potential that some of this growth you've been putting on from these high-spending transactors could just spool up and start to add more meaningfully in later years? Any signs of success would be helpful. And I have a follow-up as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. So the -- so metrics for the strategy that we're embarking on, I think, the -- probably the most significant metric I would point to is in the sense of risk-adjusted margin that, in our business, we are -- we are so focused on doing the equivalent of a mini stress test on every kind -- every origination that we do. We have, over our long track record, been very, very focused on what is the credit risk and what is the revenue that we have to protect that and how does that revenue behave under stress. Now of course, The Great Recession was kind of Exhibit A of that. But I would point right now, while we spend a lot of time talking about growth metrics to the very, very strong returns that we have in the business. And in our branded books, those returns are higher because those are blended with partnerships that are an auction-based business and it's inherently -- it's an above hurdle but lower-return business than, certainly, the business that we spent all these years building here. So that, the revenue and the credit is really the heart of that thing and, therefore, really, the ability of this business to really generate returns. Now there's another very important thing that's going on that probably slows down our growth in what is a little bit of a seam, but I don't want to overemphasize that. But that is just the -- this emphasis on creating value through kind of long-term franchises. So the classic long-term franchise is this -- the heavy-spender marketplace. And these cost a lot of money to acquire. They have the lowest attrition rates of anything that I've ever seen in the Card business and that's a great thing, too. But these things build over time. And yes, the more traction we have with that and the more other things settle out, that will continue to build success. But it will happen even more so, I think, on the revenue side than on the -- just in terms of balances. Another metric related to that, though, is something that we don't -- we have to sometimes give you a little more color on is what's the relationship between purchase volume growth and interchange growth. And there's also been a transition as we've gone out with more of an emphasis on getting these new transactor relationships and more of our mix comes from the new high-value reward cards instead of just the building of balances by the rest of our portfolio. The interchange growth has lagged the purchase volume growth overall. And they also have to normalize for the partnership side of that, which has a whole different kind of economic. But anyway, long story short, the interchange growth has now also caught up to the growth of purchase volume in our branded book. These are all things, some of it kind of beneath the surface that you can't see, but showing the sort of vertical things catching up with the tremendous horizontal economics that we have. But slowly but surely also, we are continuing to build revolver customers. We just tend to shy away from the big balanced ones. But on a broad basis, we're continuing to build that business and they're generating very good returns with high resilience. So we feel good about this. The key thing is, we just -- to us, is we've got to make sure that we respond to the opportunity we see in the market. Right now, the best opportunity is to really make sure that we maintain our margin and get capital to shareholders even as we continue to build a long-term franchise and look forward to also the runoffs subsiding, which will also really get the metrics going.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. I'm sure macro and higher consumer confidence would also help. A related second question is HSBC. And I know you guys are fanatics about testing and measuring and evaluating your own performance. And is this a transaction that you'd still do again? I mean, we're kind of struggling at this point to see the financial benefit. Are there strategic benefits? The private-label business, I think, has the potential to be something special in a mobile world. Is this part of the strategy that private label could potentially be a growth engine for Capital One over the next several years?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Chris, I think that because there had been so many moving pieces, it's hard for -- it's hard to really kind of see the absolutely separable effect of HSBC. But I want to show it through -- I want to talk about it a little bit as we have seen it. We initially set out to buy $30 billion of this and then -- and we talked about that and arranged a capital raise associated with a bit of a larger number. As you know, by the final time -- the final thing that we bought and paid for was around $27 billion something. But since then, everything about the HSBC deal has come in consistent with own expectations. Even paradoxically, our hunch that the Best Buy portfolio was something that, in fact, we might be able to move out early. We valued it at par. We didn't know what the timing would be and so on. But our initial hunch was this wasn't going to be the right probably fit with us strategically. It might be great with somebody else. And so that has even moved along in a sense consistent with expectations. So we're still very happy with this deal. I think that the bigger kind of story there is in the face of the challenges in the marketplace and the weakness of demand and all the building of pressures on expenses that -- in the regulatory environment and everything else, to really make sure that -- I mean, our job is to drive the real return and shareholder value that can come from the position that we have put ourselves in and now with this deal coming on, these 2 deals coming on. And that's what we are very, very focused on. So yes, we still very much like this deal.
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Rich, could you actually talk about the credit card runoff over '13 and '14? Is that going to include the underlying loan growth that you're talking about that's already net of that? And what are the characteristics of those loans that you're running off?
Richard D. Fairbank: The credit card runoff is, the size of it, it is $2 billion. And I'm looking for an itemization of this. I don't want to do just do this off the top of my -- oh, you got it.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, just getting back to Moshe's point, it's $2 billion in '13, about $1 billion in '14. And to your question, that's a gross runoff, Moshe. That is not a forecast of what our actual balances are going to do. That's the amount that we're going to have to build in order to stay even. Obviously, as Rich has said, we're looking to build. And we expect to offset some of that runoff. But it's just the runoff amount. It's not an assumption about where overall balances are going.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And what distinguishes those loans from the rest of the HSBC portfolio?
Gary L. Perlin: And again -- well, as far as the HSBC loans go, Moshe, as Rich described, it is the -- mostly the less resilient of those loans that as they pay down, we'll see them start to run off. Also included in that number is the runoff of the very tail end of the closed-end loans that have been accounted for as part of our Domestic Card segment for many years.
Richard D. Fairbank: And in fact, Moshe, by -- if you forgive me for possibly being only directionally accurate, I -- as I do recall of the $2 billion we're talking about in '13, $500 million is the Installment Loan portfolio. That number goes to about $200 million in 2014. So what we have in this runoff portfolio is mostly the HSBC runoff. And essentially, just to give a little more color on that, Moshe, it is some of the highest loss, in our opinion, least resilient part of the branded book that we got from HSBC. So you have some of the really kind of lowest-margin stuff with Installment Loan and some of the kind of highest-loss stuff. Things like the old metrics book.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. The -- on the Payment products, could you just remind us what you're doing going forward and what the impact is going to be as those run down?
Gary L. Perlin: The Payment Protection, Moshe?
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Payment Protection, yes.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So Moshe, as we announced in the -- it was actually, I believe, in early a year ago that early in the year, we shut down the origination of Payment Protection products in our Credit Card business. And so we announced there would be a -- the economics of all of that is on our existing book. We would continue the Payment Protection products, but it would just be a case of the math of runoff from there forward. And by the way, also on Best Buy, there was kind of a similar effect that was part of the declining economics of Best Buy that Gary had talked to you be about. Gary, do you happen to have the -- talk to Jeff to maybe get the component of that runoff. We did give some information that from which you could determine the kind of annual effect of this tail, Moshe. We're not in possession of it right at this moment.
Jeff Norris: Moshe, it's Jeff. I can get you that. I don't have it in front of me right now. It -- the story, though, is that it hasn't changed our estimates. And the run rates we're absorbing haven't changed. And what we're seeing is consistent with what we laid out a couple of quarters ago.
Operator: We'll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And I was wondering if you guys could speak a little bit more about operating expenses and marketing expenses. And if you were to do a little bit better than your target, where do you think there could be some additional savings? For example, in marketing, as you do more and more cuts for acquisitions online, shouldn't that be less expensive than direct mail? And where else could you save some money on expenses, do you think?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, let me start with operating expenses. Operating expenses is -- this is not a program, per se. This is, what we're talking about here, is a central basic way of life of running this business. And there are a number of factors that are significant macro trends that give an opportunity for continued expense opportunities beyond the kind of forecast window we're talking about. And even in the forecast window, we're taking advantage of some of these. But you've got the whole trend toward digital. So it happens on the -- that's not only in the marketing side. But the more and more customers that we can get into digital servicing, there's a key thing there on the Retail Banking side, the more and more customers that we can get to really become digital bank customers instead of such heavy users of the branches. Even the role of things like smart ATMs that we put all over our network, these are important trends. But they don't happen automatically, David, they have to be actively managed to get the customer behavior changes and then to make sure that the money drops to the bottom line. We are also working to drive significant improvements in technology delivery. And really, the way that we do IT projects, these are very complex projects and we've done a lot of process redesigning that and there's significant opportunity there. The -- one of the big, big themes around banking is complexity. Banks have inherent complexity. But certainly, with all the things that have become part of what running a bank is these days, there's a lot of leverage to complexity reduction and we're all over this. And -- but I do want to say also, again, we just bought ING Direct. That is the leader in the way banking is going to be in the future. Now in a few ways, they were maybe too far ahead of their time and this is not a change that everyone is ready to sign up for right now. But I think there are big opportunities there. There are big opportunities in procurement. Big institutions like our own have very big, third-party expense budgets. And to really, really drive best-in-class kind of procurement capabilities, this is incredibly important as well. So our entire -- I mean, we are just laser-focused. Because I -- as a guy who came out of the strategy business, I want to go -- I want to say what I think -- what we've always said, what is strategy? Strategy isn't about bubble charts and just about market position. Strategy is about finding where the leverage is and driving great outcomes. The things we're talking about here have tremendous leverage over a long period of time. And we are sizing them, driving them, and we want to make sure that, that's going to be a key way from customers to economics to the customer experience that we stay ahead in this marketplace.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And the same things would happen in marketing, do you think? In leverage?
Richard D. Fairbank: Oh, sorry. And just in terms of marketing, one thing I want to say is that mail has a role -- mail is certainly declining over time, but mail has a role that is a different role than digital originations have. And that is that mail allows you to proactively target in ways that actually aren't -- are not possible on the Internet and so on. So we -- look, I mean, we are a big player in digital originations, but our choices on the direct-mail side, the nice thing is we have an absolute expense. We have a response rate and we have the economics that allow us to very efficiently measure how and how fast to drive down that cost as the world changes.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Foran with Autonomous Research.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I guess on capital return, when you think about payout ratios, should we be thinking about it against GAAP earnings or some kind of cash earnings concept that's closer to the actual annual capital generation?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Brian, I think you'd really want to mostly be thinking in terms of GAAP. Obviously, most of the non-GAAP impact on revenue will be completed in 2013. So all that's really left next year will be the significant but predictable and slowly declining impacts on operating expense. But in general terms, Rich is talking largely GAAP, but with wide enough range, would probably cover both.
Brian Foran: And then just on the expenses, I mean, the comments you've given are definitely very helpful and kind of show where you want to go long term. If I just think about the Card business and expense to loans, I know it's not a perfect metric but it's one metric. You're kind of at 9% this quarter, 8% and change last quarter, expense loans and Domestic Card. And I guess, historically, used to be -- to be like 5% to 6% and some of your peers are still around 5%. Can you help us kind of dimension how much of that is temporary versus how much of that is business mix changes or regulatory changes that have happened just as we kind of think about where that could go long-term?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Brian, look. We have very energetically benchmarked ourselves by expenses relative to just about every dominator that we can find out there. And I want to say a few things. First of all, there are certain things that create near-term pressure on expenses that -- and ratios like Best Buy coming out and certain things like integration costs and other things that are a little bit more in the temporary thing. One thing I do want to say is that I think our expense ratio to loan is inherently higher than other players because of our strategy of pursuing -- of kind of avoiding the higher balance accounts. And so expenses -- loans don't actually drive expenses, they drive charge-offs, but what drives expenses is really accounts. And on a per-account basis, our metrics are much closer to some of the other norms. But all that said, where we absolutely need to go from here is to continue to drive more and more efficiency. And there are a lot of different levers to do it and that strategy, with a capital S, that's where the opportunity really is. And that will help us preserve what has been something we've treasured for a long time, is to have returns at the top of the industry in the Card business and then helping us to have returns for our overall corporation that are at the higher end of banks. And so again, always look ROA, again, as one of the key metrics there. Okay?
Operator: We go next to Daniel Furtado with Jefferies & Company.
Martin Kemnec - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Martin Kemnec in for Daniel Furtado. A question for Gary relating to the Domestic Card business. Can you help me, kind of, just -- just aggregate how much of the $5.3 billion decline in card balances was kind of seasonal? And what was related to the runoff portfolios?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Martin, it's hard to pinpoint the run-off portfolio. The 2 things that would've been driving the decline in loans, first would've been per card. It would have been the move of Best Buy loans to held-for-sale. So you're going to see a reduction in the held-for-investment loans. And then the balance is largely going to be seasonal. So actual runoff would be hard to measure and is almost certainly a very small portion of that, it's the seasonal effect of going from fourth quarter to first quarter, plus the impact in moving the Best Buy portfolio to held-for-sale. Remember that was done on February 1.
Operator: We go next to Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: 2 questions. One, first, on strategy with what you have today and then on growth. On the International Card, that business really hasn't grown in a long time, I guess the card industry hasn't grown, but does this strategically fit, Rich? Does it -- I mean, do you have an international strategy beyond the markets that you're currently in, a growth strategy to move into new markets? Or does it make sense to sell those portfolios and redouble your efforts in the U.S.?
Gary L. Perlin: So, Bob, we are in Canada and in the U.K. in credit cards only. And we chose those 2 markets, it doesn't -- one didn't have to hire McKinsey to figure that one out. I mean, in a sense, they're the markets that are most similar to the way the marketplace works the availability of data and a lot of things. It was kind of a natural to go there and it helped that they spoke our language. But beyond that, all jokes aside, we are not at this point -- we're very focused on the agenda that we've talked about here. Those 2 businesses, I think, the Canadian business has been a good earner for a long period of time. The U.K. is -- had a couple of challenges along the way. Certainly, the amazing WACC the whole industry has taken on some of the payment protection thing has led to some charges and so on. But we think we're well-positioned in both markets. And while geographically they look far away, synergistically, it's just like another part of our Card business. We transfer talent across, we use them as training grounds for talent, new insights come out of those 2 marketplaces that we adopt here. It is synergistic, it makes money and I think it's an appropriate thing to continue in our portfolio even as we're not pushing out farther in the geographical expansion.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, the Payments industry is more dynamic today than ever. And it seems like maybe Capital One who has always had a really good Credit Card business might be at a little bit of a competitive disadvantage versus some of the dynamics going on in the industry. Many of your big competitors are either closed loop or owned merchant acquirers, which we know with the JPMorgan Chase Paymentech with Visa strategy. Does -- with the capital that you have, is there -- are there any thoughts of investing further and, say, buying a merchant acquirer or other -- investing more heavily in other areas of the Payments business that could be synergistic with your U.S. Card business? Such as prepaid or...
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, we -- Chase, of course, just announced this little opportunity they're working with, with Visa. That, I think, pretty much all of the card players in the industry jumped to attention on that thing. And we -- look, I don't think we know much about that. I think that it's a divergence from Visa's normal, more level playing field, treatment of the industry here. But we're all over kind of paying attention to that. It would be -- the answer is no, we're not out looking to go deeply into the merchant-acquiring business. Probably like any bank, there's some areas that we have disadvantages, but look, I think the -- I really like the positioning we have. We are not looking to significantly change the bone structure we have. What I really want to do is capitalize on the opportunities to create value with the bone structure that we have worked for years to get and I think we're particularly well-positioned.
Operator: We'll go next to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question relates specifically to revenue margin, my -- probably my favorite topic for Capital One. And I'm hoping you might be able to provide a little bit of context around the 123 basis point lift that you're getting from the Best Buy part of the portfolio coming out. And when you look at that, it's 1633 net of the 123 basis points, it's curiously similar to the first quarter 2012. And I just want to understand how you think that's going to migrate over the next few quarters once the Best Buy portfolio is completely out of the numbers.
Gary L. Perlin: I'll start. It's Gary. Rich might want to add a few things. First of all, let me just remind you that in addition to the impact that Rich described of the Best Buy in Q1, it will have an incrementally higher impact on Q2 because we'll have 3 months rather than just 2 months in the quarter when any of the reversals of finance and fee charges will not be going through revenue but they'll be going against the mark on the loans. By and large, most of what we've seen otherwise has been kind of normal seasonal impacts. But again, you will see some pretty big impacts over the course of the year. The Card business, in particular, when we're looking at revenue margins, because the revenue from the Best Buy portfolio will show up in the numerator of that calculation, but the denominator is just loans held for investment, so excludes that -- I mean, that's going to be the biggest single driver along with, kind of, normal seasonal trends, at least for the next couple of quarters.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then as a follow-up, just with the $40 million revenue lift that you pointed out from the fee reversals. Is that just -- that you had $265 million of revenue suppression? So without that, it would've been $305 million? Am I understanding how that is running through the numbers correctly?
Gary L. Perlin: More or less, yes.
Operator: We go next to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. One was, I just wanted to follow-up on the expense side. I want to make sure I understood what you're saying regarding where you anticipated expenses to go from 2013 around $11 billion, net of the marketing expense, to $10.4 billion, is that accurate?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, that is, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So excluding the integration and the acquisition-related costs, that essentially means a 3% decline, which seems eminently doable there on this non-marketing expenses. On the marketing expense side, though, I guess the question is if you're looking to replace the runoff portfolio to the degree possible, does that imply either an increase in marketing expense to try to incent either usage or track new card accounts? And if you could also give us some color on how progress is going on implementation of the CARD Act changes that went into place last fall on extending line utilizations, is there balances for card? Or is there any progress there you can talk to us about and help us understand how to get the balances up?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Yes. So on the expense side, Betsy, you've got it right with respect to $10.4 billion. And again, from the $11 billion going down to the $10.4 billion, that's $100 million of acquisition-related intangible amortization, a decline in that. $160 million of integration costs that we'll -- that we have to manage to come out, but we're dropping that to the bottom line. And then all the rest is just other operating cost savings. When you -- I want to give you a window into how we think of marketing. We're really not out on a quest to replace the runoff portfolio. I mean, to me the runoff portfolio is just a thing that is running its course and, in many ways, it is irrelevant to -- not in many ways, it's just flat-out irrelevant to our marketing decisions and our growth choices net of that. It's very relevant, when it comes to things like capital distribution, it's very relevant that we make sure that we manage our economics working backwards from what comes with the territory with these portfolios running off. But underneath it all, it's the same way we make choices all the time. And we look at opportunities and we model them under stress and we pursue all the opportunities that really look good in that context. And the marketing is really -- the marketing choices are dependent on that. And I think that however you've seen our marketing over the many years, this is really the same whole methodology there. I'm glad you asked about the CARD Act thing because one other factor and we didn't -- we have mentioned it in other conversations but we did not today. One other moderate factor that has held back our loan growth has been the adapting to the regulatory requirements with respect to credit line increases. And let me just talk just a little bit about this. Coming out of the CARD Act in the downturn, the regulators, understandably, have heightened expectations regarding credit line increase programs and put in -- they put in place new requirements on regarding the use of modeled income to demonstrate a customer's ability to pay. And so they, essentially, increase the requirement in terms of validating an assumed income before one could give a line increase. And of course, as you can imagine, we have built very sophisticated models associated with line increases and we have a very dynamic and ongoing and important line increase strategy with respect to our customers. So starting really in 2012, we work to retool, to create a line increase program that met these various conditions. And we're going to be pretty much back pretty close to our run rate later this year, so that will give an extra boost. But it's not game-changing, but it's something that we're -- it's important that we get back to.
Operator: And your final question this evening will come from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First of all, after the Best Buy news hit, I went back to your April or your mid-2011 filings and looked at the Kohl's portfolio. And that was a $3.7 billion portfolio and it looked like your purchased credit card receivable intangible only went up by $13 million, which is something like 35 basis points. So that led me to think, I mean, here we have 2 cases of these partner cards and you seem to have never ascribe any value to them. And so why is it a good business if we never seem to ascribe value to these? I mean, do you give out just too much of the economics with the partners?
Gary L. Perlin: Let me just answer your accounting question, Chris. So we're typically going to see more value, more PCCR-type value. Whatever premium is paid has to be attributed to the various sources of value and the credit card relationships, because they are direct between us and the borrower, in general purpose credit cards, because those accounts will often remain over many, many years, you'll just see more of whatever is paid associated with PCCR in branded books. So that's what you're going to see there. And if you go back to the Kohl's portfolio, remember the nature of that business, it's very particular, it's a wonderful partnership, it's a -- it's high-performing and they are a great partner. But also, remember that there is a very heavy cost and revenue-sharing aspect to that business, which is also going to affect the economics there. So that's what would pretty much account for what you've seen in those 2 particular portfolios when it comes to PCCR. And remember, value can be ascribed to businesses that's going to be showing up in places other than in PCCR.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Is that kind of typical for a partner card, that it's that low?
Gary L. Perlin: For partner cards, again, there is no single representative situation, Chris, you've got to take a look at the partner, their history, the nature of the contract and what is being paid. But it's going to be different for each one. It's not surprising that we saw what was in there. Also, remember that with these partnership transactions, there is, typically, a -- an expiration date on the contract. There is no expiration date on our account relationship in the general purpose business. So with Best Buy, for example, because the contract was coming due in 2014, as we said earlier this year, all we did was to kind of end that a little bit earlier, that's going to have a huge impact on what's there. So just because there is a fixed term to partnerships, that's going to affect the accounting as well. But I wouldn't read too much into the accounting as a measure of long-term, value-creation potential. As Rich has said, we're looking for good partnerships that will deliver that over the long-term.
Richard D. Fairbank: Chris, let me just talk strategically about partnerships. We have had an interest in partnerships for many years because it's an alternative way to get access to customers. And in some ways, actually advantaged access to customers. Because there are people who do certain things and they choose to do with a retailer and that can be a good thing. And, plus, you have retailers who subsidize the activity and so that can be an economically good thing. Now, it's also been very attractive to us because as a huge player in the Card business, this not only represents a significant additional source of volume, but the skills required are right down the plate in terms of how we operate the business and headlining it is credit skills. And also in some of these partnerships, the ability to do credit across a variety of different customer profiles is also a very important thing to retailers and we have pretty -- a pretty big skill experience at that. So credit and information-based strategy is very important part of that. Now, also very important is expenses. And as -- if you look at the Best Buy economics, it'll show you something that you probably already knew about the business and we know, which is that this is a scale-driven business. So the marginal economics of a partnership, whether it's in unloading Best Buy or whether it's in getting another one, are particularly attractive because there's a lot of fixed cost in the business. It's a scale-driven business. And if you look at the Private Label business, you'll find this is not an all-comers kind of thing. Capital One is third in a business with 3 big -- frankly, with 3 big players, because they're -- it is a scale-driven business. So we have seen some companies get themselves into trouble in this business and I believe what happened is in the quest for scale, they might -- there might have been some indiscriminateness with respect to what customers are being booked or what's happening at auction. So the other thing I want to say about this business is and why it is inherently less profitable than the regular old-branded Card business is it is auction-based, it does have periodic auctions. And the -- that is something that makes it hard to generalize, this is why things are so situation-specific. So while scale matters, what we have said is we want to selectively grow this business, going after great retailers with a strong brand, retailers that view the Credit Card program as a strategic opportunity to build a franchise rather than just a way to make more money and a contract, and this is an incredibly important point, a contract that aligns the parties' interests and has the right market-clearing price to it. For that reason, we stayed out for a bunch of years from that business. We also stayed out because we didn't have the scale to really get -- to get in all that effectively. Now we have the scale. We're in a great position. I think there are relationship benefits to the incumbent that can help you in auction time if they like how you're servicing them. But bottom line, this is never going to scare the branded Card business in terms of its returns. But relative to the opportunities that we see in banking and across Capital One's portfolio, I think it offers well above hurdle rate returns, but it has to be managed selectively. And that selectivity is both in choosing new partners and also being willing to sometimes move on from some of the ones we have.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call today and thanks for your interest in Capital One. Like I said before, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Gary L. Perlin: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Again, that does conclude the Capital One First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you again for your participation, have a good night.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Foran Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Daniel Furtado - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Lisa, and welcome, everyone, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2012 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening on the call. I'm going to begin on Slide 3, which provides a few highlights from the year and quarter just ended, as well as our outlook. While I will not speak to all of the items on the slide, I'd like to give a few high-level comments. 2012 was an exciting year for Capital One. We completed the acquisitions of ING Direct and HSBC's U.S. Card business, 2 businesses that will deliver attractive financial and strategic returns for years to come. 2012 full year results also reflect solid underlying performance across all our businesses, as Rich will describe in a moment. Our balance sheet also grew significantly stronger, with ending Tier 1 common capital at 11% on a Basel I basis, positioning us well to meet our fully phased-in assumed Basel III target in early 2013. While acquisition-related accounting created some pressure on GAAP earnings and substantial quarterly variations in our income statement during 2012, the variability abated considerably in the last couple of quarters. While purchase accounting explains a portion of the lower revenue and higher provision in our Domestic Card business in the fourth quarter, the linked-quarter reduction in corporate earnings is largely attributable to expected seasonal impacts on margins and noninterest expenses. We also issued a notice to call $3.6 billion in trust-preferred securities during the fourth quarter, which was completed earlier this month. The buildup of cash in the fourth quarter ahead of the actual redemption created some temporary pressure on net interest margin although future interest expense will be reduced. Our views of 2013 have not changed since we discussed emerging quarterly trends in October. Much of the expected impact of merger-related credit accounting has now about run its course and a majority of expected synergies are being realized. Revenue will continue to be impacted by about $200 million in remaining premium amortization in 2013, and noninterest expense will continue to be affected by the amortization of PCCR and other intangibles for several more years, albeit at modestly declining levels. Much of the remaining integration of restructuring expense will also be incurred through the balance of 2013. With a few exceptions, fourth quarter 2012 results give us a pretty good picture of what to expect in terms of pre-provision pretax earnings in 2013, assuming little change in the external environment. As we said in October, overall noninterest expense in 2013 is expected to total about $12.5 billion or just over $3.1 billion on average per quarter. This reflects a decline in average quarterly expenses relative to seasonally elevated operating and marketing costs in the quarter just ended. It also assumes that we incur about $600 million of intangible amortization and about $220 million of the $350 million of remaining merger-related expenses all in 2013. Average quarterly revenue levels in 2013 are expected to be in the same ballpark as in the fourth quarter of 2012. While average earning assets will fall modestly, net interest margin could be a bit higher, with steady yield on average earning assets and an expected reduction in interest expense. As indicated last quarter, we expect a modest reduction in loan balances in 2013 as runoff of some $12 billion in ending loan balances of acquired mortgage and credit card loans is only partially offset by organic loan growth. At the same time, cash balances are declining with the call of TruPS in early January. As for both ING Direct and HSBC, we continue to believe that they are both financially and strategically compelling. We are as excited about the acquisitions as we were the day we announced them. This is true even though the acquisition impacts will play through our 2013 financials differently than expected at announcement back in 2011. The deals created some $2.5 billion less in goodwill than originally anticipated due in large part to the impact of declining interest rates on fair value marks. As a result, we will achieve or exceed in 2013 our expected post-deal capital position, but we will do so earlier and with less reported earnings because we're amortizing fair value premium rather than accreting fair value discount. Because we expect to generate capital in 2013 in excess of what is required for our balance sheet and that which is necessary to meet Basel III requirements, capital allocation will be a key lever to create and deliver shareholder value. We expect to begin our journey of returning increased capital to shareholders through the 2013 CCAR process already underway, which Rich will address and you'll hear more about in March. Now turning to Slide 4, I'll discuss a few quick highlights of our fourth quarter summary income statement. Fourth quarter earnings were $843 million or $1.41 per common share. Compared to the third quarter, there was a modest expected decrease in revenue and increase in noninterest expenses. Starting with Box A, the decrease in revenue from the third quarter was almost entirely driven by the return to more normal levels of revenue suppression in our Domestic Card business. As indicated during our October call, suppression in the third quarter benefited meaningfully from the effect of the remaining SOP 03-3 mark on delinquent loans acquired from HSBC. In addition, the fourth quarter has seasonally low levels of fee and finance charge reversals. Looking at Box B, noninterest expenses increased 8% on a linked-quarter basis driven by year-end expense patterns, including marketing and somewhat higher integration expenses. Looking at Box C, provision expense increased in the quarter, reflecting more normal charge-off levels and runoff of the HSBC purchase accounting mark that reduced provision expense in the last couple of quarters. Turning to Slide 5, I'll touch briefly on net interest margin. Reported NIM decreased in the fourth quarter to 6.52%. Although interest expense was down by several basis points, 2 factors drove a much larger reduction in the yield on interest-earning assets. The first was a substantial increase in the proportion of lower-yielding cash and investment securities. In part, this was due to a buildup of liquidity in anticipation of the high-coupon trust-preferred securities which occurred in January 2 of this year and to an increase in investment securities designed to help move us toward our target interest rate risk position. The other factor causing NIM compression in the quarter was the expected increase in Domestic Card revenue suppression to more normal levels as I discussed earlier. Compared to the fourth quarter, we expect average quarterly margins can improve modestly, with more stable yield on interest-earning assets and improving levels of interest expense owing to the recent call of high-coupon TruPS and ongoing deposit portfolio management. It's also worth noting that we expect to incur an approximate $60 million onetime reduction in noninterest income in association with the call of the TruPS in the first quarter. But longer-term NIM trends will depend essentially on the general level of interest rates, ongoing pricing dynamics in the loan and deposit markets, shifts in the mix of earning assets and normal seasonal patterns. As noted before and on Slide 6, our Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis was 11% at year end. We expect to continue generating substantial capital in coming quarters. As of January 1, we formally began our journey to adopt Basel II, also referred to now as Advanced Approaches, which for Capital One will take effect on or after January 1, 2016. Using our revolving estimates of this impact, Capital One's Tier 1 common ratio under currently proposed rules for implementing Basel III over coming years would be close to 8%. As with the estimate we provided in Q3, this incorporates 2 ongoing changes in our balance sheet, amortization of PCCR and the scheduled paydown of capital punitive investment securities. Even without these adjustments, we would reach the assumed 8% Basel III target in 2013. Given our previously assumed target of fully phased-in Basel III capital of around 8% and our current capital trajectory, this implies that we will continue to generate substantial capital well over regulatory requirements. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 7, which provides an overview of solid business results in the quarter. Our Domestic Card business continues to deliver strong results. Ending loans grew 3.1% in the quarter or 4.1%, excluding the expected runoff of higher-margin, lower-loss -- excuse me, higher-margin, higher-loss HSBC loans, as well as the continuing runoff of installment loans. The increase was consistent with expected seasonal patterns. Year-over-year, ending loans were relatively flat, excluding the HSBC acquisition and the expected runoff of installment loans. Purchase volumes, excluding HSBC, grew 9.4% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Looking ahead, the first quarter is typically the seasonal low point for both ending loans and purchase volumes, so we expect seasonal declines in both items in the first quarter. Revenue margin decreased modestly in the quarter from 17.1% to 16.8%. The decline resulted from the expected seasonal patterns, franchise enhancements and purchase accounting effects we discussed last quarter. Our outlook for revenue margin has not changed. We expect the decline in the first quarter as the first quarter is the seasonal low point for Domestic Card revenue margin. Beyond seasonal patterns, we continue to invest in the franchise enhancements we discussed last quarter, which will have a modest negative effect on revenue margin. These effects will be partially offset as purchase accounting impacts abate. As always, other factors which are much harder to quantify and predict will also affect revenue margin. These factors, which include market and pricing dynamics, credit trends and competitive intensity, could have positive or negative impacts on the revenue margin. The charge-off rate for the quarter was 4.4%. For the last couple of quarters, our card -- credit metrics have been dominated by the addition of HSBC's card portfolio. HSBC ran at a higher loss rate than Capital One's Card business, but the addition of the HSBC portfolio temporarily improved our combined credit metrics because we took a credit mark on HSBC's credit card loans that had lost their revolving privileges. The credit mark absorbed the bulk of the charge-offs from the HSBC portfolio in the second and third quarters. The credit mark did not have a meaningful impact on fourth quarter charge-off rate, and we don't expect the mark to have a meaningful impact in future quarters. The Consumer Banking business posted another quarter of solid profitability. Ending loans declined about $1.6 billion, in line with our expectations. $700 million of continuing growth in Auto loans was more than offset by about $2 billion of expected mortgage runoff. Revenues decreased from the third quarter, driven by the absence of the favorable valuation adjustment to retain interest in mortgage securitizations we booked last quarter. Provision expense decreased modestly. While Auto Finance charge-off rate increased seasonally, the overall Consumer Banking charge-off rate remains below 1%. Our Commercial Banking business continues to deliver strong and steady overall performance. Loans grew 4% in the quarter and 13% year-over-year. Revenues were up 3% in the quarter and 11% for the full year of 2012. Noninterest expense in the fourth quarter increased 16%, largely as a result of several nonrecurring items. For the full year, our expenses increased 15%, roughly in line with revenue growth. Our charge-off rate of 10% in the quarter demonstrates our -- excuse me, to 10 basis points in the quarter demonstrates our disciplined underwriting of credit. We expect the strong and steady performance of our Commercial Banking business to continue. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 8. Capital One delivered strong results in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our legacy businesses continue to deliver solid profitability despite the industry-wide challenges of an uncertain and fragile economy, prolonged low interest rates and elevated regulatory expectations. ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business are making strong contributions to our business results. Credit trends are in line with our expectations. We've already achieved the majority of the expected synergies and expect to realize all of the announced run rate synergies by early 2013. Both integrations are on track and going very well. We're working toward a smooth and successful brand conversion later this quarter. As we continue to integrate both businesses, we like very much what we see. The combination of Capital One, ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business puts us in a strong position to deliver sustained shareholder value even in an environment with little to no growth and prolonged low interest rates. We've carefully chosen banking businesses with attractive and resilient risk-adjusted returns, and we've worked hard for decades to build our capabilities to manage these businesses well and to achieve relevant scale where it matters most. We've demonstrated our ability to deliver solid and resilient performance through cycles, including the Great Recession. We're laser-focused on execution because it is a primary lever to deliver shareholder value. We're executing well on 2 large integrations simultaneously with excellent results. We're making solid progress on our efforts to deliver a company-defining customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable long-term customer franchise. And even as we complete our integrations and continue to invest to stay ahead of the rising regulatory expectations faced by all banks, we continue to tightly manage our operating expenses. The other key lever to create and deliver shareholder value is, of course, capital generation and allocation, and we remain very well-positioned to deliver on this dimension. We're in a strong capital position, already very near our assumed Basel III target of 8% years ahead of regulatory requirements. Our assumed target represents the prudent level of capital we'll need to meet regulatory requirements under Basel II and Basel III, including the 7% regulatory requirement and assumed 50-basis-point SIFI buffer and 50 basis points to cover potential volatility in both the numerator and denominator of the Tier 1 common equity ratio. Our actual operating levels for capital will vary over time, with a conservative bent. Factors that will determine operating capital levels include our outlook for near- to medium-term growth, our view of where we are in the economic cycle and our resilience under ongoing stress-testing processes. Even as our operating levels for capital vary over time, we expect that we'll continue to generate substantial excess capital, and the cost of holding excess capital is not lost on us. Accordingly, we expect that we'll have significant capital to deploy in the interest of our shareholders. We'll apply a disciplined and thoughtful set of principles as we make capital allocation decisions. We'll deploy capital to fund growth with attractive and resilient returns and to pay a consistent, meaningful dividend. We expect to return to a meaningful dividend in 2013, following the completion of the current CCAR process. We expect to generate substantial capital beyond what we'll need to support growth in dividends. We currently expect average loan volumes to decline in 2013, and our longer-term growth outlook remains modest as continuing runoff is expected to offset more vibrant underlying growth where we're investing to grow. Although share repurchases are not part of the initial capital distribution in our current capital plan, we expect our capital generation will support significant share repurchases in subsequent iterations of our plan. Pulling up, we've put Capital One in a position to deliver sustained shareholder value through surefooted execution and disciplined capital allocation for the benefit of our shareholders even in a environment that might not present growth opportunities. We're highly focused on delivering that value in 2013 and beyond. And now Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have any follow-ups after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Lisa, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First question will come from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So I just had some clarification questions on the forward-looking commentary in the press release. I just want to be clear that we should assume roughly annual revenues of about $22.4 billion in 2013, and that basically annualizes the $5.6 billion that you guys did this quarter despite some of the seasonal pressures as well as those unique to the fourth quarter. And now on the expense side, the $12.4 billion, I guess, does that include integration costs?
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, Sanjay. It's Gary. Let me take the cost question first. I said $12.5 billion for the year, that's about 3.1 and change per quarter. And yes, that includes integration costs. That also includes about $600 million worth of amortization of PCCR and other intangibles as well. So that is a number that is GAAP-related. It also includes, as we've said before, about $11 billion of operating expense and $1.5 billion of marketing expense. And with respect to the view of revenue, yes, if you took the fourth quarter revenues and got to about a $22.5 billion number for 2013, that would be a reasonable expectation right now assuming that the external environment does not change materially, so we're dealing with the curve as we know it. We're dealing with loan demand as we know it. We're dealing with the amortization of premium, in revenue as well, that is about where we would expect to be.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Scott Valentin, FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just with regard to the impact on margin, you mentioned you're holding a lot of liquid assets to pay off the TruPS. Is there any way you can quantify that in terms of either basis points or EPS for the quarter? And I have one follow-up question.
Gary L. Perlin: Scott, I can't really pull that apart for you other than to say that we did actually build that cash position relatively early in the fourth quarter even though we knew we didn't need the cash until January 2. With some of the uncertainties in Washington and so forth, we felt it was prudent to make sure we had that cash on hand. So we did have a full quarter worth of that additional cash, and you can do the math from there. Also, remember that we had a significant buildup in our securities portfolio as well, which is a bit below average for the overall margin. And it's something that you can expect we're going to continue to have. Roughly speaking, I think the combination of the impact of having that extra cash in advance of repaying the TruPS and the investment portfolio, let's call it about 20 basis points or just a little bit less than half of the compression in NIM you saw over the quarter. The balance would largely be explained by the increase in revenue suppression in card, which was a combination of seasonality and purchase accounting.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And as a follow-up, in the -- I think it was in the presentation, it mentioned some nonrecurring expenses at the bank that increased expenses for the quarter by 15% or 16%. Just wondering if you could quantify what those are, maybe some of the major expenses or if it was a sundry item?
Jeff Norris: Scott, it's Jeff. I can follow up and give you a little bit more detail on that after the call. But it was essentially, I think, some accounting-driven changes that are kind of technical in nature and nonrecurring.
Operator: And our next question will come from Moshe Orenbuch, Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess, could you maybe just talk a little bit -- I guess I'm a little confused by the change in kind of the revenue guidance and how we should think about that in terms of the progression into 2013 and '14, and perhaps whether your thought process now, given the loan growth, would include reserve build or reserve drawdown in 2013?
Gary L. Perlin: Moshe, it’s Gary. So first off, we're not giving any particular guidance on what might happen to provision. Rich talked about stable credit, so you can assume that we might not speculate on big changes. But that would not obviously have a huge effect on revenue other than through suppression. With respect to the margins, we're really not changing our views. Things have become, I think, much clearer as the result of purchase accounting having played its way through. I think when you take a look at our net interest margin as we go forward from here, we've suggested it could be mildly higher with lower funding cost as we've repaid the TruPS. And then on the asset side, I think there are a bunch of positives and negatives that end up as best as we can tell, kind of evening each other out. On the negative side, it's mostly the industry challenges that Rich talked about. It's the interest rate environment, it's the competitive environment in many of our lending businesses, but we have some positives that are pretty unique to Capital One. We'll see a reduction in the impact of purchase accounting, although we have $200 million over the course of the year that is less than the average -- the average quarterly impact of that is less than what we have in the fourth quarter. The loans that are running off are predominantly mortgages, which tend to have the lowest margins. And then, of course, we'll be carrying less cash and we'll have the benefit on the funding side. Finally, we said last quarter that we would expect to see average loan balances going down in 2013, the combination of runoff of some $12 billion or so in ending loans from the acquired portfolios but very significant origination volume in our ongoing businesses, which would at least partially offset that runoff. So if you take together a modest reduction in average loans with a modestly improving margin, that would kind of get you to the ongoing level of revenue that we suggested this quarter.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just to be clear, those amortization costs are in the cost numbers that you mentioned, right?
Gary L. Perlin: Absolutely. Everything we have talked about is totally GAAP. And again, we've given you what the impact on GAAP is from our amortization of both premium and intangibles. And we're happy to give that to you again.
Operator: And up next is Brian Foran, Autonomous.
Brian Foran: I guess on the revenue suppression, which I think is a big part of the rebasing of revenue expectations for a lot of people. I guess maybe the question would be, you've referred to them as kind of expected and reaching a new normal. Clearly, there was an expectation maybe from some of the sell side and buy side that was lower, and so if you could give kind of a walk-through and maybe even just a little tutorial on how that works? And maybe within that also, you referenced seasonally higher revenue suppression but also referenced this being the new normal level, so what are the seasonal drivers of suppression? And is this the new normal of the fourth quarter level or is this just the new normal for the fourth quarter? And what's the seasonal patterns we should model in?
Gary L. Perlin: Okay. Brian, it's Gary. And, yes, what we're saying is that the levels are somewhat back to normal. I'll talk about the seasonality in a moment. But in the third quarter of this year -- or in third quarter of 2012, we still had a $70 million benefit from the credit mark which reduced our suppression level, and we called that out at that time. And in terms of the normal drivers of suppression, we also indicated that reversals were at or close to their seasonal lows because of the way that credit metrics go over the course of the year and the strongest credit performance tends to be in the third quarter, so our assessment of collectibility tends to be higher and we have fewer reversals. So fast-forward from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, we don't have the benefit of that $70 million absorption from the credit mark. We actually had a little less than $10 million, but that's going away very quickly. So we're without that benefit. And then in terms of reversals, because fourth quarter does tend to be a quarter in which the credit metrics start to become less favorable, you see that in charge-offs and other things. It also tends to increase seasonally the impact of reversals. What there was not any change in, between the third and fourth quarter to speak of, was any change in our long-term assessment of recoverability. So our finance charge and fee reserve isn't moving around. So from here on out, what you're going to see from quarter-to-quarter, assuming that we don't have big moves in our finance charge and fee reserve, you're effectively going to just see the actual reversals and the actual recoveries flowing through. So it should start to mirror pretty much what's going on in our other credit metrics. And again, you'll see some seasonal patterns there, but you won't see the kind of volatility that was introduced into these numbers over the course of the last year because of HSBC and the purchase accounting related to it.
Brian Foran: If I could ask as a follow-up, I mean, just more broadly. It seems like you've always had more quarterly EPS volatility than a normal bank in part due to the different seasonalities of the card business, and it seems like the HSBC business is really kind of exacerbating some seasonalities. I mean, how should we think about what are the 2 or 3 key things? I mean, clearly, we have the elevated marketing and provision to worry about every year in the fourth quarter. It seems like now the third quarter is kind of the best every year we should expect for revenue margins, I think, based on what you've said. Is there kind of other standouts that we should be aware of?
Richard D. Fairbank: Brian, yes. The card business has a lot of seasonality to it. And I think in some elements, Capital One has actually, I think, elevated seasonality because of our business model in some ways relative to other players. Let me just comment a bit about seasonality in some of these drivers. We have tended most often to talk about the credit seasonality metrics. And essentially, in delinquencies, they're slightly below average in the first quarter and they're at their lowest point in the second quarter because of tax refunds and consumer paying down holiday spending. The third quarter delinquencies tend to be slightly above average in the third quarter, and they peak in the fourth quarter. Charge-offs lag the delinquency trends and they see their peak in the first quarter. Second quarter charge-offs tend to be above average, while Q3 is the seasonally low point for charge-offs. And Q4 charge-offs tend to be about average for the year. Purchase volume, of course you know, is very seasonally intense and Q4 being really the big peak there. There's of course, seasonality in outstandings. They tend to be lowest in the first quarter, roughly average in the second and third quarter and at their highest in the fourth quarter. And average outstandings have some modest seasonal moves tending to be slightly above average in the second quarter and slightly below in the third quarter. One of the ones that gets more complex, and I think, over the years, we probably could have done a better job kind of, I think, articulating what happens with revenue margins. And revenue margins are influenced by both the seasonal -- I mean, by the credit and the purchase trends that I mentioned. And margins are the lowest seasonally in the first quarter because of depressed interchange as a result of the weak spending, coupled with the high revenue suppression from peaking charge-offs. And the second quarter is slightly below average primarily as a result of day count factors, to add another variable into this. And as we discussed last quarter, and you're right on that, Q3 margins are the highest seasonally because you get the credit impacts of some revenue from late fees as the delinquencies increase. And it's also -- and then Q4, is slightly above average as a result of purchases and interchange being at their highest levels. So I think what -- I think one thing, I think, we should take upon ourselves is to try to help and provide some systematic guidelines sort of around what we're talking about here and -- because I think there's enough seasonality and I think these quarters are examples of that, that I think we can provide a bit more. Rather than anecdotally discussing in a particular quarter, a little bit more comprehensive tutorial at some point on the nature of, in general, where the biggest peaks are and so on with respect to this.
Jeff Norris: And Brian, I might just add one other comment on that. Part of your question was that you thought that the HSBC acquisition had exacerbated seasonal patterns. We've taken a look at this and generally, we don't think that that's true. We think that our seasonal patterns are reasonably consistent. The one possible exception is the ending loan seasonality being a little bit more pronounced with the addition of the partnership business. I think the reason that seasonality seems to be more of a topic of conversation, more evident in the results these days, is relative stability of everything else. Normally, seasonal trends are somewhat obfuscated by cyclical trends, by growth and other things. And given the relative stability of everything else, seasonality is just showing through a little bit more these days.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Brendler, Stifel.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can you discuss in a little more detail what you're seeing in the Domestic Card business from a credit perspective? It seems like delinquencies had underperformed the industry quite a bit, and we know you have more seasonality than most, but -- and I'm talking about trust not the managed base which includes HSBC. But is there any signs of some underperformance from your perspective? Because from our perspective, I mean, if you look at the trust in particular, it looks like your delinquency trends are quite a bit more than your peers. You've actually, if you look at the industry trust delinquency trends, you're now the highest among the big 6 issuers, which is -- I don't think has occurred in a long time. So I just want to make sure you're still comfortable. The reserves didn't go up this quarter, I'm making sure you're still comfortable with Domestic Card business and the credit you see there, excluding HSBC.
Richard D. Fairbank: So Chris, the credit is very, very, stable adjusted for the mix changes going on with HSBC and the seasonality metrics. I think that our metrics, our losses, for example, our credit metrics, in general, have more seasonality than a number of the other competitors. And so at some quarters like this one, you will see amplification in that. But there is one other effect though, if you -- so if you just take our card losses here, they increased in the quarter 131 basis points. Now the bulk of that increase was the runoff of the HSBC purchasing accounting impacts that was about 83 basis points of impact in the quarter. Most of the remaining impact was driven by normal seasoning. There's a little bit of noise in the various -- that we always have every quarter. But what we see is a very, very stable credit environment and credit performance for Capital One just sort of normalized for these effects I just talked about. The other phenomena, I think, that's going on when you do a cross calibration of our performance versus some of the other players in the card business, I think it's probably more newsworthy is not what's going on with us but what's going on with some of the others. You have a number of competitors who have, I think, kind of altered the mix of how they're pursuing the business. And I think they fall into a couple of camps. Some competitors that are just really focusing on going right after the top of the market and some competitors that have been focused on the prime revolver segment and doing a lot of the heavy activity there in the sort of teaser rate, high-balance revolver segment. In each of those cases, those particular activities can affect their metrics in ways that, I think, again, the more newsworthy things probably what's happening to them. So those that are heading north, so to speak, in the marketplace, I think you can expect a steady decline even in stable environment with respect to their credit metrics. Those that are more intensely following -- pursuing the high-balance revolver segment will have sort of the, what we call the speedboat or denominator effect on their metrics and then ultimately whatever performance comes from those. The big story about Capital One is that we are pretty much doing what we did going -- before the Great Recession, during the Great Recession and now. And there's a real stability to that overlaid on top of a very stable kind of overall credit environment. But I do think, it is -- I do want to set the expectation that our stability of strategy versus some of the other changes will cause a divergence in the credit metrics. And then of course, we've got HSBC joining our portfolio. And now as the credit mark effects subside from that, you're talking about, about a 40- to 60-basis-point just general rise on our portfolio charge-off metrics.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can I ask a quick follow-up?
Richard D. Fairbank: I'm sorry, can I just say one final thing. Of course, we do this -- this is very purposeful how we manage the business, and I think our reward comes on the revenue side. And of course, I think the revenue margins kind of speak for themselves. Yes, go ahead, you have another question. Yes.
Christopher C. Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a related question, Rich. I think remember back to the CARD Act, I think it was going to level the playing field and would help you gain share. And listening to your comments just now on credit, I'm struck by you don't seem to be gaining share. And if I look at a core year-over-year card number excluding all the noise, I'm getting about 0% growth. The industry is supposedly growing low-single. Discover, in particular, is growing 6% last quarter. Is that because of the same impacts or the same marketing strategy that you're talking about going after the higher balances? How do you feel about Cap One's ability to compete in the credit card market and gain profitable share today?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. I think that -- it's -- we're basically static. Recently, I think we've been static with respect to outstandings share, generally, in the ballpark of static certainly not really gaining share in outstandings. This is -- and you're reason for it is correct, one's performance in outstandings is overwhelmingly driven by the choices one makes about the pursuit of high-balance revolver customers. And that is a marketplace we have tended to be more marginal participants in. And we're certainly not active participants in major parts of that marketplace. So any company's choice with respect to how they deal with high-balance revolvers, the purchase -- the pursuit of them and also the account management activities relative to that is going to swamp everything else. So because we, as kind of a centerpiece of our strategy, have -- are not as comfortable on a risk-adjusted basis with sort of price versus risk levels in that marketplace, we continue to be sort of nibbling around that more around the edges. And that dominates the kind of outstandings performance. Now we don't really operate with objectives about outstandings. We're fine shrinking, we're fine growing. We focus on the creation of net present value. And within that context, we're very, very pleased with what we're generating here is focusing on -- one thing is at the top of the market, the -- some of our products that you see featured on TV and our intense investment in the transactor space has worked great. And we're also very focused on finding customers who -- who's -- who are not intense balance-hungry customers, but who represent great, long-term customers. And that's a been our strategy for years, and I think it's worked very, very well. Now manifestations of this, of course, are that our purchase volume has been growing really at the top of the industry. While people don't generally publish account origination, the statistics, I think, we feel quite good about the account originations that are going on. But we're building kind of business the old-fashioned way. Customers who come on and build their balances slowly over time build their relationship with us over the years. And all the kind of health metrics, the whole level down in terms of our business and the percentage and the way the portfolio works and the lack of intense -- and the reduction in the intense kind of revolving nature of it is something we're very focused on.
Gary L. Perlin: And just -- it's Gary, Chris, I just want to add one small reminder to what Rich said in response to one of your comments. Which is if the industry is growing in low-single digits, we have low-single digits amount of runoff in our card business over the next year that we've talked about coming out of HSBC as some of those accounts go away. So in fact, if we end up at flat, we will also effectively have grown in that same sort of low-single digits, just a reminder of that. Thanks.
Operator: Next up is Donald Fandetti, Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One of the reasons I recall you buying the HSBC portfolio was for the private label business. And I was curious if you think there could be some deals that could come through that may sort of help you back-fill some of the runoff? And then secondarily, is there any risk to the rev margin? I know the portfolio was pretty concentrated in terms of retailers, in terms of renegotiating those contracts. Has that been done, and can you talk a little bit about that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So first of all, about the private label business, we like the private label business. We have watched that business for a year. We mostly stayed on the sidelines because we were uncomfortable with the market clearing prices that the deals were going at. As the market got a lot more sensible in the wake of the Great Recession, obviously you've seen a lot of activity by Capital One. Our focus though is not on being big, although scale really matters, we have the threshold scale here. The key is to get partners that are healthy retailers, partners who have the right reason for doing the partnership business. And the right reason means they're very focused on using that partnership to build their franchise, and that leads to more positive selection. And finally, a contract that really can work for both parties. So we have a very selective strategy. And when we bought HSBC, they had a large number of partners. We were happy that we generally liked the mix of their partners. And I think they had avoided some of the mistakes that some players had in the industry of booking a number of partners that don't work out too well. But we've been able to already re-up with the majority of our major partners in that portfolio. Not all of them, but the majority of them. And we kind of go in one at a time and sitting down with them. But we very much like what has happened so far, and that has been successful. But both with respect to our existing contracts, when they come up for renewal and the pursuit of new ones, we will -- we're going to be all over that. But the key is we're going to be selective and we're going to make sure that we do this on terms that really work. So it's not a volume play, it's really a selective way to, I think, build business in a market that I think we're very well-positioned to capitalize on.
Jeff Norris: And Rich, in terms of the impact of the partnerships on the revenue margin?
Richard D. Fairbank: The impact of the partnerships on the revenue margin. The partnerships, certainly, generally lower our revenue margin. Our partnerships, and this is not a comment, by the way, on all private-label partnerships by any means, our partnerships tend to have lower losses and lower revenue margins. So to kind of -- rounding out to your earlier point, as HSBC's higher loss, some of their branded business, things like the old Metris book for example, some of that runs off. That will have a depressing impact on revenue margin as we talked about and tried to give some calibration on last quarter. The net-net effect of partnerships to us is lower revenue, lower losses.
Operator: Next up is David Hochstim of Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: [Audio Gap] thing about the other segment, and I guess the other segment and the elimination of the trust-preferreds and the $60 million, is that a onetime benefit, or that's permanent benefit and should we continue to see sort of a $160 million loss in the other segments quarterly? And I have a follow-up before Jeff cuts me off.
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, David. First off, let me make sure we're clear on the impact of the calling of the TruPS. There's actually a onetime $60 million charge that will be booked in the first quarter. That's simply the acceleration of the amortization of the issuance costs related to that $3.6 billion of TruPS that we called. So that's going to affect noninterest income in the first quarter. Other than that, we will see the benefit of the reduction in interest cost. The average yield on the TruPS outstanding was about 8.6% on that $3.6 billion. As a result of the lower costs that we will have in terms of interest expense that does not get booked to any of our business segments and therefore shows up in other, I'd expect that to improve modestly, with both a lower funding cost and a larger investment portfolio, which I pointed to. But the other segment also carries a number of other things, especially some of the -- the tax benefits that we get from some of our investments that are booked into businesses and the offset is in other. But so I'd expect to see other kind of coming down, in a sense the treasury P&L coming a lot closer to breakeven because it won't be bearing this high-coupon debt.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Okay. And then just could you share your thoughts about the dividends versus share repurchases. And that -- before the financial crisis, you were talking about a sort of 25% payout, I recall, is that sort of where we're headed again and is that something we could expect in 2013 if you're not returning any of that excess capital through share repurchases? And would we have to wait until 2014 to see share repurchases? Or is that something that could change in 2013 after the first capital plan?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, David, we are -- the big elephant in the living room in a sense of Capital One's financial performance is we're generating an enormous amount of capital. And that is a -- the use of and distribution of that is a very central means by which we can create value. So what -- on the CCAR process, our focus was we obviously, given that we did not request share repurchases right off the bat, we've taken a somewhat conservative approach with the Federal Reserve. But we felt the best thing to do was to focus that request on dividends and get to a meaningful level of dividends. David, we're not going to pre- kind of quantify those numbers. But -- and then, beyond that, I think our focus is really going to be on share repurchases. And we believe that -- I don't want to get into specific kind of predictions about what happens in mid-seasonal kind of off-cycle things with the Fed, but I just think that we certainly see a big opportunity to generate a lot of excess capital here and an opportunity to deploy it over time beyond the meaningful dividend really through share repurchases.
Operator: Up next is Ken Bruce, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Appreciate all the commentary around the margin and I think that's helpful, but I do have one additional question. In the third quarter, you had quantified the franchise enhancements and the impact that, that would have on the revenue margin for U.S. Cards. I think it was, in total, about 50 basis points over the remainder of 2013. And I'm wondering if there are any adjustments to that, or if any of that was accelerated into the fourth quarter or if you could help reconcile just the quarter-over-quarter move in addition to the suppression impact on the margin, please?
Richard D. Fairbank: Ken, the story is exactly the same as we said before, and then we're still planning to move right along, plus or minus a few basis points here or there, the schedule that we released in the third quarter.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then separately on capital, you'd mentioned that the 8% would be achieved here in the not-too-distant future, and you'd alluded to possibly being conservative around how you think about capital. Is there an expectation to have a cushion above the 8%? Or how are you thinking about that?
Richard D. Fairbank: So we believe that -- no, look, we've taken a conservative view as we talked about with CCAR. And then we've talked about the Basel requirement. I think that the actual operating level of capital that we choose is not going to be driven by a precise number. It's going to be more of a feel thing. I think the term we used in our talking points was, look, you know Capital One, we're going to take a conservative bent. But nonetheless, we think that a central means of value creation is going to be the ability to distribute this capital. So our actual operating levels are really going to be driven by the growth opportunities that we see at the time. They're going to be driven by our view of the -- of the industry out there. It's not loss on us that the banking industry has managed to be pro-cyclical with how they have managed their capital, with some consequences that haven't worked out sometimes as well as expected. But we -- our basic view is a baseline kind of meaningful dividend, and you'll see where that thing goes as we go through the -- how the CCAR process comes out this year. And then the generation of an awful lot of capital, we'll look at the growth opportunities and requirements that we have, the nature of the marketplace, and we expect there will be a significant opportunity to do some share repurchases.
Operator: We'll now go to Daniel Furtado, Jefferies.
Daniel Furtado - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just had 2 clarifying questions. The first is when you talk about in subsequent iterations of the plan starting to be the source on the share repurchases, you're talking in essence about the '14 CCAR ask and beyond?
Gary L. Perlin: Dan, it's Gary. I mean, we're going to follow the process very carefully, look for the opportunities that are there, certainly wouldn't be later than '14. But we get to continually iterate our plan. And as Rich said, having gone from a couple of years of speaking with the Fed about raising capital to support our very compelling acquisitions, we're now switching to where much of the industry was a couple of years ago, which is looking for distribution. We’re going to try and do that stepwise as reasonably fast as we can that's consistent with prudence and appropriate kind of regulatory conversations as well. So we'll see how that goes. But '14 will come, whether other opportunities come or not, we'll have to see.
Daniel Furtado - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then the second question is just more of a mechanical one to help me understand suppression a little bit. If something like recoveries were to decline or delinquencies go up, basically, in essence, negative moves on credit, that would, in turn, the response on suppression would be to suppress more revenue? Or is that the incorrect way to think about that?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, that's right, Dan. I mean, again, think of what's happening with suppression. We're dealing with the finance charges and fees, largely finance charges now. And we're going to see patterns that we'll follow in terms of collectibility there that, that will look somewhat like the collectibility that we are assessing with respect to principal that flows through the provisions. So in general direction, certainly, when credit is worse, we're going to be reversing more fees and finance charges, and we may be recovering less. But I think the question that you're really asking is about what might happen to our forward view of those things, which will tend to get captured early in the cycle through our finance charge and fee reserves just as you see during big moves in the credit cycle. You'll see our allowance move earlier and faster than the charge-offs themselves. But again, if we're going to be in a period of much more stable credit than we had seen several years ago, then you should see more stability in the suppression level as well. It also depends on how many fees and finance charges are actually being charged, as Rich said. So that will play into it as well.
Operator: Next comes from Bob Napoli, William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wondered what interest level Capital One has in growing other fee-based businesses like prepaid, in particular? I mean, before the -- several years ago, you guys came very close to buying NetSpend, not saying you're revisiting that area. But the prepaid market has been growing pretty dramatically, and is that a business that Capital One should be in or are there any other areas of payments, fee-generated non-asset intensive types of businesses that make sense for Capital One?
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, we did spend quite a bit of energy trying to be innovators in the prepaid space some years ago, and we learned a lot about that. I think the market that the prepaid -- that prepaid cards are serving is a growing market. I think we're going to primarily, though, get into that market in a different way. And that's, frankly, through our ING Direct business that is -- has a wonderful business model for folks looking for kind of a pretty simple way to, with good value, generate -- have your banking services. In fact in a business that I know, having lived it, the extraordinary complexity of how banking works. And I think it's just kind of electrifying how ING has created a really simplified way not only to do savings, which is where this all started, but frankly, really to do a checking business as well. So I think we'll be in that business in a slightly different way. And not to say -- and we'll also have prepaid cards as well. I appreciate your question about payments. We're not targeting another whole marketplace for payments, but I do think that's kind of related to the question that was earlier asked about what are we doing in the card business and why are the outstandings not growing that much. The card business is a -- really is, as we're -- the choices we're making in the card business are consistent with the choices we're making all across this company. And that is that we're increasingly focusing on transaction-based businesses. I think that the greatest things in banking, the best relationships, the greatest positive selection and the most enduring franchise building really comes from growing the hard-to-get primary banking relationships. And whether that's the checking account, whether it is -- the checking account, the credit card and especially the transactor credit card on the commercial side, the treasury management product, these are things that require a lot of energy and a fair amount of investment. They don't have glamorous results. But over time, these are, I think, really the key to building a great franchise. And that's why you'll see across Capital One an increasing emphasis on that. And over time, the results, I think, will really show.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And just a follow-up on the Auto Finance business, and 1 month is not a trend. But I mean, your growth slowed down a lot in December or in the quarter. I think you guys did point to a slowdown in growth in Auto Finance. But I mean, car sales seem to be pretty strong. What are your -- what is your feeling on that business? Are you going to continue -- have you pulled back or tightened credit at all? Was there a lot more competition? And I don't know if you could talk about subprime versus prime -- and what's -- if there's a lot of any different -- differences competitively going on in each sector?
Richard D. Fairbank: So Bob, we love the auto business. We've invested for years in this business. And we, over the past few years, we have continued in fact to really build strong relationships with our best dealers. By the way, I'll add that to the list of sort of building these kind of primary banking relationships where we've really, really kind of focused on the high-quality dealers and building much deeper relationships. But anyway, we have had a confluence in a business we love very much. There've been a confluence of several things that have led to, I think, performance levels that are -- will regress towards the mean at some point. But the confluence of things includes a number of competitors bailing out of the marketplace. It includes credit being very, very strong for the customers and the banks kind of who remained. And corresponding to that, I think, there was strength in pricing. And then, in addition to that, you have the supply and demand dynamics of the auto business, with car manufacturers pulling back, used car prices going to record levels. And all of these things happened at the same time that our business strategy involved continued geographic expansion, more expansion into the prime marketplace filling out our dealer relationships. And so our growth strategy overlaid on kind of a perfect storm in a good way with respect to the auto marketplace. Now all of those things are sort of reaching their kind of -- are going to go toward a more natural equilibrium over time. Competition has come in very significantly in both the prime and the subprime marketplace. Margins are returning more toward normal. They're in fact entirely back to normal, maybe on the slightly tighter side of normal on the -- in the prime marketplace and are certainly approaching normal in the subprime space. Underwriting, which got very tight in this perfect storm in kind of a good way. Underwriting is loosening. And as you know, I mean, we are obsessive about watching those things. Now where it is loosening so far is something that we can live with even if we don't chase it, and that is it is loosening a bit on term, i.e., how -- well, basically how long are the loans for. And it is loosening a bit on FICO, which really more means just you kind of -- more people extending down in the subprime space. It is held pretty firm on loan-to-value. And if it doesn't, you'll see more red flags being raised by Capital One. But so I, what -- the expectations I would like to set for you are that the market is getting back to normal. It is not -- I have a yellow flag on this market but not a red flag I would wave over that. And our own growth strategies are approaching sort of their natural maturation as well. So I think you -- we're going to continue to have a growth play here, a bit moderated and still a very strong business.
Operator: Up next is Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of them. Number one, to shift gears a little bit on to the Commercial Banking side of things, Rich, you've talked in the past about national lending scale on the card side. In Auto, I think you'd said, well, you're close to that. Commercial Lending, it seems like your footprint is relatively concentrated geographically in certain regions as I understand it, Northeast and then Texas, Louisiana, some in D.C. What is your outlook there? You've been growing at a nice kind of mid-teens clip, but are acquisitions potentially something you're contemplating in that business, or is that just something you think you can't really scale that up as much? So it's just whatever the organic growth rate is you'll go with that. And then the other unrelated question is on the credit card side. You talked about -- remaining focused on the transactor side of the business because that's really something where your analytics and your targeting can yield some benefits. But in this kind of environment, how about going further down the credit spectrum? I mean, I think 2/3 of your card portfolio is prime, I think 1/3 is subprime. Wouldn't it make sense to target maybe the subprime market to a greater extent if it's less competitive? How do you think about those things?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Great questions, Sameer. Let me just take your credit card one first for a moment here. So yes, when I -- when you said I was talking about focusing on the transactor part of the segment, I don't want to leave an impression with anyone that we're only focusing on that. The way we look at the business is we look for the micro segments where we believe that we can generate well above hurdle rate returns, and also they have to be consistent with building a franchise in terms of the practices in the business and the way we can deliver to the customer. And that has led us to go from intensely -- intense activity in certain micro segments and absolutely nothing in others. We -- the mix of business that we pursued before the great recession is strikingly just about the same as what we're pursuing now. And on the transactor front, it's been an intense pursuit. On the revolver front, it is really kind of one customer and one micro segment at a time, looking at where -- how does price compared with the -- what we really feel a risk-adjusted -- the stress-based risk of that business is, and we find pockets within revolver. One thing we have said that the really kind of really balance-intensive revolver where -- tend to think things are a little out of equilibrium and pricing versus risk in that segment. Why not do more subprime than we do? I think we make the choices that we do based on choosing the customers in that segment that I think have the -- would fulfill the characteristics I just talked about. There's many, many, many customers out there in subprime that we're not able to deliver a credit product to. But I think that we have found our natural kind of group set of segments, and I think you'll see more stability out of that. Not that we're trying not to innovate, it's just that I think we've learned quite a bit about risk and return, and I think we've found the pockets that work for us.
Jeff Norris: Oh, in commercial.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, commercial is a -- commercial is generally on the C&I side and it is a kind of a local business. It's all about local presence. And that's why you find most of the C&I players that correspond very, very closely with their branch footprint. That generally applies also to CRE, even though I don't think the linkage actually to a branch footprint is nearly as technically as significant on CRE because it's not a transaction -- there's not as much of a transactional and cash management kind of component to that. But it's still... [Audio Gap] C&I business where you need a lot of scale in order to be in those businesses. And our energy business is an example that came out of our deep experience in that, from high burning down in the South. But we are building a number of verticals in the specialty financial -- specialty banking sector. And those verticals really are -- can be national in scope and they're not really about having a local banking relationship. So we'll end up as the kind of a hybrid of a national and a local player on the commercial side. But I think net-net, overall, there's quite a bit of growth opportunity for Capital One in the near- and longer-term future.
Operator: And that will come from Bill Carcache of Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Rich, I was hoping to just go back to the -- revisit the point that you made about the transaction businesses. And Capital One certainly has enjoyed very strong purchase volume growth, but what's your -- how should we think about the corresponding revenue growth, which has been much slower? When we look at the composition of your revenues, you still have 80% of your revenues coming from spread, and so the growth and the emphasis on the fee-based businesses, I can see that and the attractiveness of that. But in terms of it really moving the needle, I guess what are your thoughts in terms of, to date, are you satisfied with not just the purchase volume growth but the bottom-line revenue growth after factoring in the rewards cost and all that, that it's taken to drive that volume growth? And then going forward, do you expect -- what are your expectations relative to what we've seen so far?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Well, the -- as you can imagine, the way that we look at that business is, really, the way we look at all our businesses is to take a -- to strategically look at the marketplace, study the competition and the inherent risk and rewards in that space and then take a very disciplined net present value based look at every tranche of business and really make sure that we're getting paid for what we do. So we're not wishing upon a star in this highly competitive top-of-the-market business. We know it's something that you can't go do one little test sell and find it works because you got to be a player in that business. It's about brand, it's about credibility, and it's about building a great customer experience. So we have invested in that space, and we like the financial returns in that space. This is one of these things that it's expensive to build an account and they tend to have a very long lives, and so it's kind of a slower payback business. So you're right, that it's not something that is really grabbing hold of the metrics and moving the needle in a short-term way. But rest assured that we are very disciplined with respect to net present value based, real kind of returns from this kind of investments. Now -- but the other thing that's going on with Capital One is we're mostly doing the same things that we've been doing for years in the card business. And the kind of sub-story beneath it, I suppose, is one that I would call a kind of a bit of a movement to quality, if you will, in terms of just, even away from the top-of-the-market very heavy spenders, just more of a move toward the more long-lasting sort of less-intense revolver based and kind of more of building -- all the building and incenting the customers and the behaviors that really lead to a better franchise over time. And I think that one of the things that has pressured revenue is just that part of that has been letting a little bit of air out of the revenue model as we have moved more and more to try to get to and well beyond where the industry is in terms of really an unassailable set of practices. And also investing to -- customer experience, to make these long-lasting relationships. One thing that has also happened in here, we are at record-low attrition levels at Capital One. They have steadily gone down for years is the direct byproduct of our investment here. But rest assured, we're still very focused on good old lending and making money as well there. And I think the stability of our revenue margin -- funny thing is if you look back, Bill, at our revenue margin before the CARD Act, that thing is so -- even way back then and where it is now, after all the changes, even when we kept, in fact, telling you, "Look, it's going down, it's going down," and it didn't even go down as much as we thought it was. The preparations we made pre-CARD Act over the years to put ourselves in a position that would -- way before we knew the CARD Act was coming, I think certainly helped. And I think the power of our "one customer at a time" information-based strategy has allowed us to generate sustainably strong revenue margins, even while we are continuing to slowly but surely transform our company toward a more transactor base and more industry-leading kind of customer experience company.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Mike Taiano of Telsey Advisory Group.
Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: So just one question I had on the pre-provision earnings run rate guidance. So the fourth quarter $2.369 billion, so if you -- I just want to make sure I'm getting it right that you annualize that, but then you have to adjust for the higher expenses in the quarter. So my math seems to equate to about a $10.1 billion annualized pre-provision earnings number, is that seem about right?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Mike, I can't get into specific guidance. We are trying to give you some transparency here. And yes, I would absolutely take into account the comments about the seasonally high noninterest expense, including marketing, and make a small adjustment there. Revenue, although Rich described, that that's going to move up and down in various quarters because of the seasonality in the card business. This quarter tends to be pretty close to average. So I think that should give you the parts and pieces you need to kind of get to a reasonable number. But I think you're looking at it the right way.
Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Okay. And just one quick follow-up. One of your competitors, actually Chase, had provided disclosure in their earnings about the amount of card acquisition -- or new accounts that they're acquiring online. It was a pretty -- I was surprised, it increased to over 50% from the 30s last year. Are you guys seeing a similar trajectory? And how -- does that have a potentially positive impact on your costs going forward?
Richard D. Fairbank: Mike, we -- I don't have in front of me the -- our own data on new accounts online. But I -- we are seeing -- there is a very significant shift going on away from the Pony Express, if you will, of direct mail to the new world of online. It is -- in many ways, it's a migration. It depends on the particular customer segment and the product that one is marketing here. But I will say it is striking. If you look at mail volume, mail volume has dropped, I don't have the number right in front of me, but something like 30% to 40% from last year. And I think 2 effects are going on there. I think the card industry underestimated, when it kind of rushed back into the market, underestimated how weak the demand was. And so I think there's a pullback there. But I think it's also a manifestation of the fact that so many of us are finding a growing and very significant part of our business really coming from online. I think that augers incredibly well over time for some of the potential benefits of -- it's not just cost, although that's a key thing. But I think always, we find our customer experience metrics are best along the -- in the online channel. Things like compliance and rigorous highly accurate execution tends to work best in online channels. Capital One is committed to being a leader on -- with respect to this very significant game changing phenomenon.
Jeff Norris: Okay, well thank you, everyone, for joining us on this conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. As I said before, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: And again, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jason Arnold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Linette. Welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we're webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation that summarizes our third quarter 2012 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone on the call. Third quarter earnings were $1.18 billion or $2.01 per common share. The third quarter was the first one which reflects a full 3 months of both ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business, along with Capital One's underlying business performance. While the absolute level of merger-related accounting impacts was considerably less this quarter as compared with the first 2 quarters of 2012, linked quarter comparisons are obviously affected significantly. Looking ahead, there will be some ongoing impact on revenue and operating expense from merger-related accounting, although quarter-to-quarter movements should be far less exaggerated. In contrast, the impact of merger-related accounting on credit metrics has now largely run its course. After I briefly review a few key items from the third quarter, Rich will speak both to our underlying business performance and what our results this quarter suggest about future trends. I'll discuss our summary income statement on Slide 4. The significant increase in earnings this quarter versus the previous quarter can largely be explained by 3 factors; continued strong performance in our businesses, a full quarter of HSBC operations and a large reduction in acquisition-related credit accounting impacts compared to the previous quarter. Linked quarter pre-provision earnings increased about $800 million, driven largely by moving from a partial quarter to a full-quarter impact of acquired HSBC credit card operations. There was also a substantial reduction in charges related to legal and regulatory matters and in other unique items, which affected second quarter results. Compared to the second quarter, the additional months worth of revenue and expense related to the HSBC Card business increased pre-provision earnings this quarter by approximately $175 million, which is net of about $100 million of acquisition-related accounting effects. After building the finance charge and fee reserve by $173 million in Q2 to cover expected non-principal losses on the acquired revolving loan portfolio of HSBC, there was only a $17 million negative effect on revenue in Q3. Revenue continued to be negatively affected in the quarter by $133 million in premium amortization related to both acquisitions. We expect that this impact will decline about 15% per quarter. Operating expense declined modestly in the quarter due to a steep reduction in charges related to legal and regulatory matters and other unique items. While we had an extra month of HSBC-related operational expenses and PCCR amortization compared to the second quarter, this was partially offset by a reduction in merger-related expenses. Amortization of purchase accounting adjustments for intangibles and other assets was about $170 million in the quarter and is expected to decline at about 5% per quarter going forward. The majority of this amortization represents PCCR and CDI, but the total also includes amortization of software and other assets. You can find details on acquisition-related accounting and other items in the financial tables, those that are appended to our earnings press release, and you'll also continue to see detailed breakouts in our quarterly financial reports. Finally, lower provision expense was driven by a significantly lower allowance build related to acquired HSBC credit card loans, offset to a small degree by higher linked quarter charge-offs due to lower absorption of losses by the SOP 03-3 purchase accounting mark. To be specific in this quarter, the mark on impaired loans we acquired from HSBC absorbed approximately $176 million and now stands at $149 million. Net charge-offs also include a one-time charge of about $25 million from the implementation of newly issued OCC guidance regarding the treatment of consumer loans where the borrower has gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Turning to Slide 5. Let's touch briefly on net interest margin. In the quarter, reported NIM was up 93 basis points to 6.97%. The increase in NIM on a linked quarter basis was the result of 2 factors: First, the full-quarter impact of acquired HSBC Card loans and associated reductions in cash and cash equivalents; and second, the benefit of a much lower build in the finance charge and fee reserve related to those acquired HSBC Card loans. As the impact of the acquisitions on this metric have largely played through, we expect significantly less variability in NIM going forward. Quarterly changes from here will depend on the evolution of our asset mix in and among our businesses, ongoing pricing dynamics in the loan and deposit markets and on the general level of interest rates. Before turning the call over to Rich, let me quickly cover off on capital on Slide 6, followed by our initial thoughts on the longer-term impact of Basel III. On Slide 6, you'll see that as of September 30, our Tier 1 common ratio on a Basel I basis was 10.7%. Following the HSBC Card acquisition in the second quarter, we've seen strong capital generation driven by earnings and a corresponding reduction in disallowed deferred tax assets. These favorable movements were partially offset by a nominal increase in risk-weighted assets as acquired mortgage loans continue to amortize and are replaced largely by Commercial and Auto loans that carry a higher risk weighting. With the bulk of acquisition-related accounting impacts now behind us, strong and more stable earnings along with some portfolio shrinkage due to the run-off of acquired loans, we expect to see continued steady capital generation going forward. Turning to Slide 7. And before discussing our Basel III capital destination, it's important that I remind you that starting January 1, 2013, we will formally begin our journey to adopting the advanced approaches required under Basel II for banks exceeding a $250 billion asset threshold. Of course, we have already begun the long and intensive process of building our Basel II models, but it's worth noting that this is a massively complex undertaking and that we will not formally enter the period of calculating capital metrics under the advanced approaches in parallel with standardized approaches until January 2015, nor could we exit that parallel process until at least January 2016. I'm emphasizing this point because we expect to be the only bank not currently running parallel that when Basel III is fully implemented would likely be required to use the Basel II Advanced Approaches. So while estimates using the advanced approaches are essential for calculating our Basel III ratios, we are early in the process especially when compared to all other Basel II banks who had been calculating these ratios in parallel to Basel I for a number of years. Thus, while it's important to all our stakeholders to have a sense of what Basel II means for Capital One as we enter the Basel III world, it's also worth recognizing that we will be refining our models and business judgments for years to come. The recent notice of proposed rule-making regarding the implementation of Basel III and Dodd-Frank capital rules modifies those capital rules under both Basel I or standardized approaches and Basel II or advanced approaches. Assuming that these rules were in effect today and that the Basel II Advanced Approaches were the more binding of our Basel III capital ratios, we estimate that Capital One would have a Tier 1 common ratio in the high 7% range as of the end of the third quarter, which includes the effect of 2 adjustments that incorporate changes in our balance sheet that will occur without any explicit management actions. These are the amortization of PCCR and the expected pay-down of capital punitive investment security positions such as non-agency mortgage-backed securities. All told, we are currently assuming an 8% Tier 1 common ratio target under Basel III. This target assumes a SIFI buffer of 50 basis points and an additional buffer of 50 basis points. Our final long-term target will depend on ongoing regulatory expectations and business judgments. And for many reasons, it's subject to change. Looking through all this complexity, we expect to exceed that 8% Tier 1 common level on a fully phased-in Basel II and Basel III basis in 2013. Based on our current capital strength, our capacity to generate healthy amounts of capital going forward and the expected timing implications of implementing Basel II and Basel III, we continue to believe that returning capital to shareholders will be an increasingly important part of how we deliver shareholder value. With that, let me turn it over to Rich to discuss our underlying business performance. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 8, which provides an overview of solid business results in the quarter. Our Domestic Card business continues to deliver strong results. Excluding the expected run-off of higher-margin, higher-loss HSBC loans and the continuing run-off of installment loans, domestic revolving credit card loans grew modestly in the quarter, in line with expected seasonal patterns. Excluding HSBC, purchase volumes grew about 9% compared to the third quarter of last year. Revenue margin was unusually strong at 17.1%. I'll discuss the reasons for the elevated third quarter revenue margin and where we see revenue margin going over the next several quarters in just a moment. The charge-off rate was unusually low. For the last couple of quarters, our credit card metrics have been dominated by the addition of HSBC's Card portfolio. HSBC ran at a higher loss rate than Capital One's Card business, but the addition of the HSBC portfolio temporarily improved our combined credit metrics because we took a credit mark on HSBC's severely delinquent loans. The credit mark absorbed the bulk of the charge-offs from the HSBC portfolio in the second and third quarters. Beginning in September, most of the HSBC charge-offs are happening outside of the credit mark, so we expect Domestic Card charge-off rate to increase significantly in the fourth quarter as the impact of the market has largely run its course and because the third quarter is the seasonal low point for the underlying card charge-off rate. Our Domestic Card business remains well positioned to deliver strong and resilient profitability and strengthen its valuable customer franchise. The Consumer Banking business posted another strong quarter. Ending loans declined about $900 million, in line with our expectations. $1.2 billion of continuing growth in Auto loans was more than offset by about $2 billion of expected mortgage run-off. Average loans declined by a more modest $392 million. Revenues increased from the second quarter driven by the valuation of retained interest in mortgage securitizations and growth in average Auto loans. Excluding the valuation impact, revenues were stable quarter-over-quarter. Provision expense was up with seasonally higher charge-offs and allowance build in our Auto Finance business. Our Consumer Banking business continues to gain traction with national scale Auto lending, local scale banking in attractive markets and growing national reach with the addition of the ING Direct franchise. Our Commercial Banking business continues to deliver strong and steady overall performance. Loans grew 3% in the quarter and 14% year-over-year. Revenues were up 2% in the quarter as loan yields declined modestly. And credit performance continues to improve. We expect the strong and steady performance of our Commercial Banking business to continue. We've said previously that we expected our post-acquisition run rates to emerge in the second half of 2013 after several quarters of significant noise from merger-related items, partial quarter impacts and new baselines for nearly every key income statement line item. Although the most significant merger-related effects are behind us, third quarter results can't yet be viewed as a run rate because of a few remaining merger-related items, which Gary discussed. And taking any single quarter as a run rate requires adjustments for seasonal patterns in loan volumes, credit and revenue margin, particularly in our Domestic Card business. It's not lost on us that investors and analysts are, of course, hard at work, making adjustments to quarterly results in search of our new run rates. Tonight, I hope to provide some additional clarity for our investors by pointing out where the run rates are emerging and where they aren't and where emerging run rates may not be indicative of future trends. I'll discuss several key balance sheet and income statement trends beginning with loan volumes. Our outlook for loan volumes is summarized on Slide 9. The biggest story for loan volumes is the significant run-off we expect over the next couple of years. In our first quarter earnings call, we expressed -- expected run-off in terms of the next 12 months. Well this evening, we're shifting to a simpler view of annual run-off in ending loans balances expected in 2013. We expect that more than $9 billion in low-margin mortgage loans will run off. Mortgage run-off has accelerated slightly in the low interest rate environment. We expect about $2 billion of run-off in Domestic Card, mostly from higher-margin, higher-loss HSBC Card loans. In total, that's more than $11 billion or 5.5% of Capital One's total loans. In contrast, we expect solid growth in businesses where we're investing to grow. We continue to gain traction in the parts of the Domestic Card business that we're investing in. Our Auto Finance business continues to grow loan balances, and the steady growth and success of our Commercial Banking business also continues. However, there are some risks to our underlying growth outlook. We continue to see weak consumer demand for the foreseeable future. Competition is picking up in several businesses, particularly Auto and C&I lending, and our base case assumption is for no meaningful change in the current, uncertain and challenging economic, regulatory and interest rate environment. To be clear, I've been speaking in terms of ending loan volumes, but it's important to internalize the growing divergence between Capital One's trends in ending loans versus average loans. We've learned from our experience with the Kohl's partnership that private-label retail cards have a more pronounced seasonal pattern in loan volumes as compared to general-purpose credit cards. We've seen a sharper ramp-up at the end of the calendar year, coupled with a sharper decline in the first quarter of the calendar year. Now that we have a larger partnership business, we expect that the seasonal pattern will be more pronounced in our broader Domestic Card business and, to some extent, at the overall corporate level as well. Because average balances drive revenues, this is an important distinction. In Domestic Card, we expect full year 2013 average loans will decline modestly from the third quarter levels. We expect that run-off of higher-margin, higher-loss HSBC loans will outpace modest growth elsewhere in Domestic Card. Outside of the run-off portfolio, we remain focused on franchising, enhancing rewards customers that build balances slowly over time but create and sustain significant long-term value through very low credit losses, high spend and very long and loyal customer relationships. We're also focusing on the partnerships business where the HSBC U.S. Card business acquisition catapulted us into a leading scale position in the private-label partnership space. And we continue to target portions of the revolver market that deliver strong and resilient returns through the cycle. Our choice to stay on the sidelines in significant portions of the most balance-intensely prime revolver segments limit balance growth opportunities even as other card metrics show stronger growth. Beyond the Domestic Card business, we expect full year 2013 average loans to decline modestly from third quarter levels as growth in Auto Finance and Commercial average loan balances won't fully offset the significant expected run-off in mortgage loan volumes. As a result, it's likely that our investment portfolio will grow modestly. All told, we expect full year 2013 average loans for the total company to decline modestly from third quarter levels. But excluding the significant expected run-off, our focus on growing franchise, enhancing customer relationships in our Domestic Card, Auto Finance and Commercial Banking continues to drive strong underlying loan growth and the opportunity to gain share in these businesses in which we're investing. I'll discuss margins beginning with Domestic Card revenue margin on Slide 10. Reported revenue margin of 17.1% includes about 60 basis points of negative impacts from purchase accounting. Third quarter revenue margin also benefits from seasonal trends as the third quarter is the seasonal high point for Domestic Card revenue margin as compared to average annual levels. This is because the third quarter is the seasonally best quarter for charge-offs, which drives fewer revenue reversals. At the same time, delinquencies rise seasonally in the third quarter, which drives higher pass-through fees and the third quarter has a higher day count, which drives higher finance charge and interchange revenues. By definition, seasonal patterns are not sustainable throughout the year. Adjusting for the offsetting impacts of purchase accounting and seasonality, the adjusted third quarter revenue margin was about 17.3%. We expect Domestic Card adjusted revenue margin to decline from its current level. Slide 11 shows expected quarterly revenue margin reduction from third quarter levels for factors we can estimate because they are largely driven by our own decisions. Franchise enhancing moves include items we've discussed in the past, such as aligning HSBC's customer practices with our own and the ongoing impact of our decision to stop selling products like Payment Protection. By the fourth quarter of 2013, we expect these moves will result in a 50 basis point reduction from the third quarter of 2012 revenue margin, as shown on the chart. And in 2014, the run-off of another year of Payment Protection products is expected to reduce revenue margin by another 10 basis points versus 2013. We also expect the run-off of higher-margin, higher-loss HSBC loans will change the mix of loans in our Domestic Card business, driving another 15 basis points of reduction from the third quarter revenue margin by the fourth quarter of 2013. As always, other factors, which are much harder to quantify and predict, will also affect revenue margin. These factors, which include market and pricing dynamics, credit trends and competitive intensity, could have positive or negative impact on the revenue margin. Slide 12 summarizes emerging trends for non-interest expense. We expect that third quarter operating expenses are a good approximation of the average quarterly operating expense in 2013. We expect 2013 quarterly expenses will remain similar to third quarter levels for each component of overall operating expense, including purchase accounting, integration expense, run rate synergies and the remaining underlying operating expense levels. As Gary discussed, we expect the operating expense impact of purchase accounting to diminish somewhat, but to remain similar to third quarter levels throughout 2013. We expect average quarterly integration costs in 2013 to rise modestly, but to remain similar to third quarter 2012 levels. To date, we've recognized about $210 million in integration costs for the ING Direct and HSBC U.S. Card acquisitions. We expect to incur most of the remaining $420 million in integration costs by the second -- excuse me, by the end of 2013. In addition to integration costs, we've already recognized deal and transaction costs of about $100 million in 2011 and 2012. We don't expect to incur any further transaction costs. HSBC U.S. Card business acquisition catapulted us to a leading scale position in the private-label partnership space. Both integrations remain on track, and we've already realized the significant portion of expected cost synergies for the combined deals. Of the $90 million in announced ING Direct cost synergies, we've already achieved annual run rate synergies of about $80 million from reduced FDIC premiums and overhead reductions. Of the $350 million in announced HSBC cost synergies, we've already achieved annual run rate synergies of about $270 million. Most of the expected HSBC synergies were realized when we completed the acquisition on May 1 because we didn't bring over all of the overhead from HSBC USA. Third quarter operating expenses already reflect the ING Direct and HSBC synergies that we've realized. On a combined basis, we expect to fully achieve the annual run rate of $440 million in announced synergies in 2013. Third quarter 2012 operating expense already reflects our ongoing investments in infrastructure and customer franchise. We ramped up our investments in these strategically critical efforts through 2011 and have reached relatively stable levels of ongoing investment. We're investing across the company in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms that are appropriate for a bank of our size and business mix. We're investing to ensure we stay ahead of rising regulatory and compliance requirements faced by all banks, and we're investing to deliver a brand-defining customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable long-term customer franchise. We expect that 2013 average quarterly operating expenses related to infrastructure and customer franchise will be similar to the third quarter of 2012. Third quarter operating expense also reflects continuing investments in growth as we hire Commercial bankers and Auto sales teams to help drive the strong growth in these businesses. Because we expect continuing growth in these businesses in 2013, we expect that operating expense investments will continue at levels similar to the third quarter of 2012. Turning to marketing expenses. We expect the fourth quarter marketing expense will increase significantly driven by the timing of year-end campaigns and promotions. For the full year 2013, we expect marketing expense to be about $1.5 billion. I'll conclude my remarks this evening on Slide 13. Capital One delivered strong results in the third quarter of 2012. While loan volumes remain challenged and interest rates remain low, each of our businesses continues to post solid revenues and returns. In our Card and Auto businesses, credit is stable at historically strong levels with normal seasonal patterns. Credit in our Commercial business continues to improve. ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business are making strong contributions to our business results as we expected. With integrations of both deals well underway, we continue to believe that both transactions are financially and strategically compelling. Because the ING Direct and HSBC U.S. Card acquisitions are such key sources of shareholder value, we're committing all the necessary management time and talent to executing sure-footed and effective integrations. We expect to deliver solid performance in a challenging environment in 2013. The combination of Capital One, ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business puts us in a strong position to sustain underlying growth, strong returns and capital generation even in an environment with low industry growth and prolonged low interest rates. We do not manage the growth targets at Capital One. Instead, we take a highly disciplined and rigorous approach that focuses on maximizing NPVs and long-term value creation. But our heritage in building Capital One over the last 20 years has been rooted in strong organic growth. Even in the low demand, low growth environment today, we're delivering strong underlying growth in the businesses and segments we're investing to grow. The upticks of underlying growth are muted by the significant run-off of portfolios we've largely inherited in the acquisitions. In 2013, we expect run-off of 5.5% of total company loans, but we expect to get most of that back through continued growth in businesses with strong and resilient risk-adjusted returns, including Auto Finance, Commercial Banking and key parts of Domestic Card. The ability to deliver high returns and strong capital generation is a particularly important source of shareholder value in a low growth, low interest rate environment. We like our positioning to deliver that value. The mix of businesses we've chosen, our advantage positions in national lending, our great local scale commercial banking and deposit franchises in attractive markets and our national banking reach with ING Direct all position us to deliver and sustain profitability and returns at the higher end of banks. As a result, we're generating capital at a rapid pace. Our Tier 1 common equity ratio improved by 80 basis points in the third quarter of 2012. Our capital position is strong today, and we expect to continue our very strong capital generation trajectory in 2013. As Gary discussed, we expect to reach our assumed Basel II, Basel III targets in 2013 well ahead of requirements. Deploying capital in the interest of our shareholders will be an increasingly important part of how we create shareholder value. We're committed to delivering that value, including distributing capital to shareholders through meaningful dividends and opportunistic share buybacks, consistent with our long-standing commitment to maintaining a strong and resilient capital base. Now Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations staff will be available after the call. Linette, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take your first question from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just one question on the capital front. As you deal with the phase-in period, how does that impact your near-term plans for capital return to shareholders? How do you think about the balance between these rules going into effect in several years and how the regulators think about that as you look to the next couple years? And then the second question would just be, if there's any more color on the Auto Finance business, pretty significant slowdown in the originations this quarter. I know you've been talking about it. Just give us a little more competitive flavor of what's going on in Auto.
Gary L. Perlin: Hey, Chris, it's Gary. Why don't I start out with your question on the capital rules, how they get phased in and how that affects our thinking about the potential for capital distribution. I think, at least, the phase-in approach is pretty clear. It's very clear that the next CCAR process will continue to ask for a stress test that's done exclusively on a Basel I basis. We did very well on that stress test last year. Our Tier 1 common ratio under Basel I has improved. And I do believe that we're obviously well positioned therefore to show continued resilience to stress. The requirement under Basel III, as you know, is more of a requirement that one show trajectory to be able to comfortably get to the necessary capital levels under Basel III during the timeframe that's been made available. And obviously now, there is kind of 2 steps or 3 steps with respect to Basel III. As Rich and I have said, we expect that we will be at our Basel III destination with an assumption about how Basel II will affect us already in the middle of 2013. And so, as a result of that, we believe that we'll be able to very comfortably check both boxes. And obviously, as time goes on, we move a little closer to operating under Basel III, we expect we'll continue to generate capital that will improve that ratio. And obviously, as we become more deeply involved in the Basel II world, we'll obviously be looking at our businesses as many other Basel II banks to try and optimize to get the greatest amount of capital efficiency. I think, all told, we're going on multiple pads but all with the same destination and all pretty much with the same timeframe in mind. Why don't I hand it back to Rich on the Auto business.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. We continue to have very strong growth in the Auto business, but our originations are down off the extremely high levels that we had, say, in the second quarter. So for example, they're down 9%. In the third quarter, they're still at very high levels and are 15% higher than the third quarter of 2011. So let me just describe what's going on. First of all, there continues to be -- although we're getting to the later stages of it, we -- the strategic growth trajectory we have in Capital One by the geographical expansion and taking the business strategy that's already been proven and taking it into more geographies and more dealers, so that's a very sure-footed thing. We are -- at some point, over the next couple of years, we'll start to reach the full penetration relative to that. On the other hand, we are also are responding, Chris, to the competitive marketplace. There is more intensity in the Auto business. And we watch closely the margins. We look at the margins and LTVs and FICO and terms. And like I said earlier, we don't set growth targets, we very much respond to the marketplace that's there. Overall, I would say it's still a healthy business. I think some of -- the pricing has -- in the prime space, has fallen to pre-recession levels. In subprime, it's relatively healthy, but it is falling somewhat. The -- from an underwriting point of view, the thing that's been loosened up is terms where terms are actually beyond where they were in the boom. In other words, we're talking about the length of the loans themselves. But LTVs have stayed; in fact, have been tightening since 2009. People got very burned with those. Average FICOs are still at strong levels, slightly degrading from an industry point of view. But my overall comment would be we still feel very good about the business. I think there is more competition, which takes a bit off the -- some of the extremely high growth that we've had in the past.
Operator: We'll move to Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So Gary, is it fair to conclude that you still expect to return capital in 2013 at a level that's above 2012 capital return?
Gary L. Perlin: Betsy, just as I've said over the course of the last several quarters, including at your conference, I think we're going to be in a strong position to make that case to the Fed, which gave you a pretty strong description of where we feel we're going to be able to deliver shareholder value and we indicated that would include a meaningful dividend. We don't think we're there yet. So I think, directionally, I think that's what we're working towards. But obviously, we have to go through the entire process until we get there.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then can we just talk a little bit about what a good run rate is for expenses. The slide decks said that most of the deal synergies are baked in. So I wanted to see if $3 billion was a good run rate going forward or if there is any other tweaks you'd want us to be aware of?
Gary L. Perlin: Let me try my hand at that for you, Betsy. And again, I can't, on mix, the paint of all of the costs that came from the different parts and pieces of what are now Capital One. But let me try and do the math a little bit for you. So at the beginning of this year, we talked about a run rate of about $2 billion or around there, maybe a little bit higher for Capital One Legacy, taking into account all of the investments that are necessary to meet all of the rising bar of regulatory expectations and our own infrastructure needs. So that would get you to about $8 billion on an annual run rate. HSBC and ING Direct, if you look at the performance we've provided, they brought over with them expenses at a rate of about $2 billion a year for HSBC and about $650 million a year for ING Direct. So I'm giving you the annual rates there. So $8 billion legacy, add about $2,650,000,000 for the acquired operations. Next year, remember, purchase accounting is still significant even if it's not moving around a whole lot, it will be there, somewhere in the $550 million to $600 million range. And as Rich said, we have a couple hundred million of integration spend likely to go. If you add all of those up, you'd get to about $11.6 billion synergies. As Rich described, of about $450 million, takes you to about $11.1 billion, $11.2 billion that seems like a reasonable level for 2013. And again, you also have to remember, I'm just talking here about operating expense, not the marketing expense. Rich indicated $1.5 billion is a good estimate for 2013. So if you put all that together, you'd be just over $3 billion of a run rate for total noninterest expense next year. Again, all of it depends on things like marketing opportunities and so forth. But if you are at about $12.5 billion for total NIE next year, more or less, that's a way to add all of this together. And then obviously, once the integration spend passes, we're going to continue to do what we've been doing all along, which is look for efficiencies in our business at the same time that we don't sacrifice the quality of the integrations and the importance of maintaining our infrastructure at the highest possible level.
Operator: Rich Shane from JPMorgan has your next question.
Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When we look at the information you guys provided today and there's a lot of really helpful information, the revenue or the margin build or cascade that you show us is particularly helpful. Can you just sort of relate that to what you expected when you acquired HSBC? Is this a little bit better, worse, or in line with the original acquisition assumptions?
Richard D. Fairbank: It is consistent basically with that. The -- you may remember that we talked about 30 to 35 basis points of actions that we wanted to take to bring HSBC in line with Capital One practices. We had targeted that to happen over the first half. It's actually -- some of that is happening on a little bit of a delayed basis. So -- but this table -- so first of all, the HSBC thing is very consistent with what we expected all along. And so what we've done is tried to take the composite actions that we're taking sort of on a customer point of view and put them together. And in doing it quarterly, please understand that my prior example of the HSBC timing is probably going to slide slightly. We wanted to just make sure that people got the general sense of the magnitude of what we're talking about and the general timing of that and this is consistent with deal assumptions. Of course, there is also legacy Capital One elements within those numbers as well.
Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And then just to clarify something. Gary, in your response to Chris Brendler's question, it sounded like you indicated that you felt that you would reach the B III 8% ratio, Tier 1 ratio by midyear 2013. That's wasn't necessarily indicated in the slides and I think it's a pretty important distinction. Is that -- am I hearing that correctly?
Gary L. Perlin: Look, I think it's going to be in 2013. I can't pinpoint it for you, Rick, but I think let's think back to what Chris' question was all about, which was how does this affect our thinking about capital distribution and our approach to CCAR and so forth. That ratio does not need to be reached for several years. What we need to show is that we are on a strong trajectory to reach it. I think, whenever in 2013, we reach that would be consistent with being on a strong trajectory to reach it. So I wouldn't worry too much about exactly what moment it happens. I think the impact on our thinking would be the same.
Operator: Moving on to Sanjay Sakhrani from KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I was hoping to get a little bit more on the revenue margin trajectory. So when we consider its trajectory for the fourth quarter and 2013, should we start at that 17.26% adjusted or like 16.6%, which is the reported number less the seasonality, because that accounting impact stays for 2013, right?
Gary L. Perlin: It shrinks over -- so just to be clear, that purchase accounting impact will be running off over the course of the year, that's a result of premium amortization that goes into the debt interest income in the card business. So that's going to be coming down over the course of 2013, and it's about 15% a quarter, it comes down. So that's the purchase accounting impact. Again, remember, the fourth quarter is also a pretty high quarter for revenue margin tends to drop pretty considerably in the first. So you're going to have the combination of the rundown of the negative effect of the purchase accounting, offset, to some degree, by the seasonality, which again, is strongest in a positive way in the third quarter and then, the other actions that we're talking about which Rich described.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the September charge-off rates. Is it fair to say that, that September charge-off rate of like 3.93%, that didn't have any impact from the mark?
Richard D. Fairbank: It had a modest impact on the mark. I mean, the -- over the next number of months, the impact of the mark is going to be kind of high-single-digit-kind of basis points. So it's gotten pretty darn small. And September was the first time that, that was the case. Of course, we have all the seasonality effects, as you know, Sanjay, on that. But pretty much, we're now down to single-digit impact from the mark. Can I go back, just talk for a second, about the revenue margin trajectory, Sanjay? So we mixed a couple of things in trying to create some clarity. Let me explain this to you. We -- in creating this adjusted number, we, in a sense, took out the seasonality in the third quarter number. And then we provided some quarterly effects that are known. But I do want to say, of course, the other quarterly effect is the seasonality itself. And just to give you a little bit of insight on that the -- by the effect, in fact, we told you for the third quarter, the revenue margin relative to the average is the biggest in the third quarter. It's modestly above average in the fourth quarter but pretty close to average. Its lowest period is the first quarter and then it's slightly below leverage in the second quarter. So it's -- the Card business, the revenue margin, just is a byproduct of a lot of the other seasonal effects that go on. But given that we're now really trying to take run rates and understand them, we wanted you -- we wanted to do the best we could to tease out that very large effect in the third quarter. But I'd just add this other just general directional indication of the seasonality in the revenue margin.
Operator: That will come from Moshe Orenbuch from Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually, I was going to ask also about from a credit loss perspective, when you think about that, you've got -- it sounded like from the prior question that you've got a modest amount remaining of the HSBC losses to come back in. As you kind of think about that movement from August to September, the core portfolio, was that relatively stable? I mean, it looked like there was something of an increase in the Master Trust, so should we be thinking about there being some kind of underlying increase on top of that? And maybe kind of if you could also just discuss how to think about the provision relative to charge-offs into fourth quarter and 2013?
Gary L. Perlin: Moshe, the -- so in the third quarter, Domestic Card losses increased 18 basis points. The increase was entirely driven by the purchase accounting impacts. Without these losses, it would've improved by 33 basis points. And legacy, just to give you a little more insight, legacy Domestic Card -- the legacy Domestic Card book decreased 43 basis points in the quarter and this was even better than the normal seasonal improvement we'd expect between the second quarter and the third quarter. And without purchase accounting, HSBC portfolio losses decreased from $5.64 billion to $5.08 billion, modestly better than seasonal expectations.
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, your question was specifically about the monthly move from August to September in the Master Trust. It was up slightly, which I think, we would view in line with normal seasonal patterns from August to September just for the single month.
Gary L. Perlin: And as far as your question on overall provision, Moshe, its Gary. What...
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, it certainly is in relation to the credit card portfolio.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, sure. And look, I think, we've certainly had some movements in the coverage ratio because of the impact of the mark. I would say just as the impact of the mark is kind of reached its end, we're getting to a coverage ratio that from here on out is basically going to reflect just our overall view about credit. It should not be significantly impacted by the mark going forward.
Operator: That will come from Jason Arnold from RBC Capital.
Jason Arnold - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Rich, just curious if you can talk about the competitive activity in the card space. And then you mentioned also C&I competition. If you could comment on that as well, please?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Jason. Let me start with the Card business. So first of all, just sort of the demand environment out there. As I'm sure you know, revolving credit has sort of finally sort of gotten back to 0% growth in the last number of months. But industry revolving balances are down over 18% from prerecession highs. And so that's sort of the -- and the flattishness -- the overall flattishness of revolving balances very much feels like the marketplace that we're operating in and we don't have an expectation of any material, I mean, nothing to indicate that it would significantly deviate from that. So let me talk about what's happening on the supply side. Direct mail volumes are down significantly and pretty strikingly this year, frankly. And I think there is some net reduction in supply implied by that but not as much as the -- and I can't -- it's something like down 40%, I mean, depending on where you -- but it's down a fair amount. But some of the marketing has moved to alternative channels, of course. And the day will come when direct mail is more of a distant memory in terms of how marketing used to happen. But I still believe that net, Jason, overall supply is down a bit this year versus last year. But I don't think this is necessarily great news in the sense, maybe opportunities really growing based on that because I think the reduction in supply appears to be sort of an equilibrium as competitors react to what they found out last year in the marketplace. And we saw several competitors kind of do some blitzing last year and are sort of pulling back now. So I think we've more reached sort of a stable equilibrium on the supply side and probably fairly stable on the demand side. Pricing, and by pricing, I'm really talking about go-to pricing here, that's been stable over the past year. And in the segments we compete, we feel that those margins are strong enough to create good, solid, resilient returns. There are important parts of the prime revolver space that we think don't have a high enough go-to rate to really cover the resilience that we would need as we stress our portfolio. I also want to say that you can see teaser lengths creeping up and that's particularly a product in the revolver space, especially in prime revolver. Teaser lengths have crept up by an average of 3 or 4 months over the past year and some competitors are now up to 18 month 0% teasers, which further impacts margins. The competitors are very intensely going after the rewards market. I mean, this is not much change really in this. It's been this competitive pretty much all the way through the Great Recession. People went right at the top of the market and they intensely went after that. But we continue to feel confident in our ability to compete there. We like the results that we're getting from our own transactor cards. So it's certainly a competitive space. So overall, I think, the Card business is settling out in an equilibrium and that would be my description. It's an equilibrium and we can work with that. But the -- as I mentioned, I think competition is heating up in Auto and it's heating up somewhat in the commercial area. So let me turn to the second part of your question. The -- well, first of all, I'll comment on demand for just a second. I think what we feel is demand for credit and commercial has abated a bit since last quarter. And loan demand now is more focused on refinancing existing credit at lower rates and longer tenures or financings that enable tax management in advance of the fiscal cliff here. We're seeing less demand for working capital lines and I think there's a reluctance to expand in the face of uncertain political and economic environment. So that's a modest effect relative to the past but I just wanted to point that out. Now competitively, we do see a difference between C&I and commercial real estate. I've said for years that when you think about the limited number of places that banks can generate assets and all their traumatic experiences in some of the ones -- some of the places they have been, C&I is kind of the go-to place in banks. We have -- we expect that this thing will overheat at some point. Now what I say is you can feel competition intensifying in this landscape. We're seeing some pressure on terms and spreads, covenant light deals are beginning to show up in this indicated market. But this is a yellow flag. We're not throwing a red flag here but in a cross calibration of our opportunities, we do see more heating up in this space than some of our other areas. In commercial real estate, interestingly, we see less structure and price pressure in that market. They're an abundance of stabilized properties that need refinancing and there are fewer lenders that have returned to these markets and those that are active seem to be showing quite a bit of discipline in structures and in pricing. So all in all, kind of pulling way up. If you think about where we are in the cycle, this is a pretty good part of the cycle coming out of the Great Recession, things have stabilized and I think that -- one thing I've always said is while we'd love to see a robust economy, I think we are positioned to succeed and with the choices we're making, even if the economy, in fact, kind of doesn't go anywhere at this point.
Operator: We'll move next to David Hochstim from Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just to clarify, the $9 billion reduction in Home Loans that you've talked about, does that include any securities? And if not, what's going to happen to the securities balances? And related to that is what's the yield on those loans that you expect to run-off?
Gary L. Perlin: David, it's Gary. It's going to be kind of a mixed bag because as Rich said, the largest book of loans that's running off is mortgage loans, which of course has the lowest margin of any of our loan products. But there is some amount of card product, including some of the higher loss, higher-margin business out of HSBC, although it's a small number, it packs kind of a lot of wallop when it comes to margin. But it's being replaced, to a large extent, not fully, by Auto and Commercial, which tend to have yields that are more akin, if you put them together, to the average kind of yield on the overall book. And if you think about it, if where we have to put some of our deposit funds, because of the runoff of the mortgage business is in the investment portfolio, the investment portfolio margins are not materially different from mortgage. So I don't necessarily believe that you'll see a dramatic change in overall margins as a result of the decline in loans that Rich described. But again, we'll have to see exactly where the replacement comes from. We'll have to see what we can do to help out the margins on the deposit side and so forth. But you've seen a lot of movement in our NIM over the course of the last year that was driven by the deals. The deal impact is pretty well through. From here on out, hard to predict. But I certainly wouldn't expect anything close to the kind of variability we have seen. But we're going to have to work hard to keep where it's at and we'll see how it works.
Operator: Moving on to Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick questions and I want to make sure I'm understanding this kind of guidance correctly. First of all, in terms of the charge-offs, you said this quarter, $176 million was absorbed by the reserve. So if we take $176 million and add $877 million and then subtract $25 million for the OCC impact that takes me about up to $1,050,000,000. Is that -- am I thinking about the underlying charge-off number in the right way?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, I mean, obviously, you are, Chris, but remember where we are in terms of seasonality and where the overall trend may be going. But your math for Q3 is absolutely on track.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then secondly, in terms of -- I just wanted to take your guidance, put it in my words and see if you agree with it, which is that basically, if we're looking at 2013, that basically, the ongoing purchase accounting benefits should more or less offset the underlying -- the spending on further integration expenses.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. We're in the right ballpark there, Chris, that's true.
Operator: Moving next to Don Fandetti from Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just talk a little bit more about the operating expenses. You kind of went through some details. Looking back to Q4, they came in a little higher than I think what people were looking for. Is it -- do you believe that they're sort of trending or your guidance for '13 is sort of where you were thinking? It seems like maybe they're a little bit higher than what was expected?
Gary L. Perlin: No. I mean, unfortunately, remember that conversation pretty well, Don, we had a lot of -- talk about it and what we said and again, we have a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter in operating expense as well. But I think what we said was that if we applied all of the investments that were required to get ourselves up to the kind of level of infrastructure and the level of rigor in terms of being able to meet the regulatory bar with our compliance and everything else, we've said it would be between $2 billion and $2,050,000,000 on a quarterly basis. I still think that's absolutely the same kind of level of intensity that we have now. I'm not suggesting that we won't have further needs. But hopefully, we'll be able to finance those by consolidating the gains that we've had until now. So I'd say it's about the same. Unfortunately, I can't go back and figure out what legacy Capital One would be today because that doesn't exist anymore. But when you add all the pieces together, it's kind of where we would have expected to be. Now unfortunately, the revenues are not necessarily racing ahead. Remember that most of the revenues that we might have expected at the time of deal announcement that we no longer see in 2013 are simply the mirror image of -- starting off with a much better capital position. So instead of discount accretion, we've got a lot of premium amortization. We're going to end up in the same place in terms of capital but we had more of the capital upfront or less capital consumption upfront, and we're not going to rebuild it with the revenues. So all else being equal, I'd love to say that we could dramatically change our cost trajectory in the short run to kind of meet that need. But I think Rich was pretty explicit about where those operating expenses are going. They're going towards integration where we're seeing the synergies, and we're really focused on getting that right. It's going into infrastructure which is both to satisfy the rising bar of compliance, as well as to try and make sure that we're providing really good experience for our customers. And then we've got some of the expenses coming from the tail end of purchase accounting. So I do feel good about our ability to kind of simplify and streamline our business once we complete the integrations. And so I still think we've got some leverage to gain from the operating side. Unfortunately, in the year that's ahead, we can't really back off on what we need to accomplish and we're just going to have to make sure everybody understands that if revenues aren't there because of purchase accounting, it's in the capital, may not be in the income statement, it will be the balance sheet. I think we feel good about where we're headed for 2013. But the work in terms of getting simpler and more efficient will continue beyond that.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just real quickly, I know you talked a lot about capital, but as I look at -- has your enthusiasm about a capital return changed from, let's say, last quarter? And would you still hope to look at both dividend payout and opportunistic share repurchases, like you've talked about in the past? I just want to clarify that.
Richard D. Fairbank: Don, I wouldn't say our enthusiasm has changed because we've been very enthusiastic. I really want to say that we -- it kind of relates to my point why I think Capital One can be a very successful company even if the economy goes nowhere fast. I mean, we have been and expect to continue to be a very capital-generative company. And we'll continue to invest in organic growth opportunities and I think the strong earnings power is going to well outstrip those opportunities. We've also been working very hard on the, in many ways, mind-blowingly complex Basel II calculations that to try to get an estimate of what the impact of that is going to be and we were able to show you that today. But all along, we have very much known the way value is going to get created in this company is we're going to -- my image about our company is we are going to be a company that should be on the higher end of returns, earnings power of companies, because we have chosen a mix of businesses that tend to, I think, be better on what they can offer in terms of returns and we tend to be at the high end of the players in that business. So -- and underneath it all, I think there's inherent growth trajectory that will certainly manifest itself as these run-off portfolios go down. But in the meantime, earnings power and capital generation is going to be a key way that value gets created. We were as enthusiastic about it last quarter as we are now. And with every passing quarter, we get more capital and more clarity on what the rules of the game are and that puts us in a position to distribute more of it.
Operator: That will come from Scott Valentin from FBR.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just with regard to the private label performance, you mentioned there's more volatility around balances and seasonality. I'm just curious if you've seen anything else regarding the difference in performance between private label versus general-purpose card?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. The private label business in -- our private label business, now if you look at all the private label businesses out there, this wouldn't necessarily apply to all the ones out there in the marketplace. But ours, meaning what we have built and what we've gotten in terms of HSBC, tend to be characterized by lower returns, somewhat lower returns but well above hurdle, lower credit losses and that's interesting because you'll look elsewhere out in the marketplace and you actually see much higher credit losses often in this. But overall, while in some ways, bringing partnerships on lowers the per unit octane of this earnings machine we have in the Card business, it is incrementally real value creation. We really like it, and the other thing about it, I think, competitively, it is a very scale-driven business and there are 3 players in the private label business that really have that scale. And if you look at the lead tables, it pretty much falls off after that. And this is the scale to have to be able to invest in the customized things that clients need. It's the scale to have the operating cost in what is a bit of a thinner-margin business. And it's the -- it is the -- it gives us an ability to have the credibility with partners to say we've been there, done that and talked to our previous clients kind of thing. So a little bit lower octane but real value-added. And right now, HSBC's partnership business has been shrinking a little bit. We have moved away from a few of the smaller partners. So there's a bit of a kind of shrinkage going on here but we're going to invest more in this business and I think you're going to like the returns.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So just to -- you started answering my second question. But additional partnership opportunities I guess you guys are now out there looking for those opportunities and I guess you mentioned those 3 scale players. I mean, how competitive is it to get new partnerships?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, the partnership business, we didn't just wake up and discover partnerships when HSBC showed up. I mean, we have watched this business for a long time. And I do want to say, in the last decade, in the decade leading up to the Great Recession, these things started to go for auction prices that were at the nosebleed kind of level. So we selectively involved ourselves in some of these things. But again, we -- to me, this is all about selectivity. And right now, the supply and demand, if you will, of players in that business, is much more sensible. But we know it also can be great over time. Here's the key. We're not setting out to be the biggest. The key word for partnerships is selective, picking a good retailer, in other words, a company who, in its own right, is the kind of the business we'd like to invest in as an investor so to speak. Secondly, a partner with the right motivation where they want to drive their partnership business to generate -- to enhance their franchise as opposed to a way to make just more bucks. And retailers are on both sides of that very key dividing line. And finally, a contract that really works as a win-win for both parties. We have -- so we are both out there in the marketplace selectively looking for new opportunities and we're also reviewing all of our existing partnerships and with a -- each one, we're going to make sure that, that partnership, when the contracts come up for renewal and all of them come up from between now and 2019, as they come up for renewal, we're going to ensure that we have the right relationship and the right structure of contract in place. We have renewed several of the big contracts already and we have -- those negotiations have been very important to establish, that we have it in the right way but -- so we'll continue to be very selective. But in that way, I think, we can create a lot of value and not go off the rails as some people have who have been chasing this business.
Operator: Your last question will come from Craig Maurer from CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question on your discussion around capital. When these deals were originally announced, you were pretty clear that you didn't think that you would have any SIFI penalty involving your capital levels. So I was wondering what's changed considering you discussed the 50 basis point SIFI buffer.
Gary L. Perlin: Craig, it's Gary. I don't remember giving guidance on SIFI buffers way back when and it is for good reason that we gave you an assumed target with an assumed SIFI buffer. I think, if you take a look at banks of our scale, you'll see that they're making reasonably similar assumptions, and so we wanted to make those assumptions absolutely transparent to you. You can make adjustments, if you will, if that required buffer is higher, obviously, we've already suggested that we would have some additional buffers. And again, I think, we will be well in excess or certainly on a trajectory to get well in excess of those levels. So we'll see where it goes. But at this point, I think we're making some pretty realistic assumptions.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the conference call this evening and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Investor Relations team will be here tonight to answer any questions you may have following the call. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Mandy. Good morning, and welcome, everyone to Capital One's Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2012 results. With me today are: Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary are going to walk you through this presentation. And to access a copy of that presentation and press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials and Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now, I'll turn the call over Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin tonight on Slide 3. Second quarter results were driven by purchase accounting impacts and a greater than usual number of other items. Gary will discuss the financial impact of these items in a few minutes. We posted second quarter net income of $92 million or $0.16 a share. We completed the acquisition of the HSBC U.S. Card business on May 1. We're thrilled to welcome the customers and associates of the HSBC U.S. Card business to Capital One. We have now completed both of the acquisitions that we announced in 2011, and we're devoting all the necessary focus to sure-footed integrations to realize the significant value of the deals. We still have a lot of work to do on integration, but both integrations remain on track. We continue to believe that both transactions are financially and strategically compelling and we remain extremely excited about them. By 2013, we expect that the combined Capital One, ING Direct and HSBC businesses will deliver attractive financial results and strong capital generation. We'll continue to provide information on purchase accounting and merger-related impacts to help bring these underlying trends into view during the second half of 2012. The second quarter also reflects a number of other items beyond the expected impacts of purchase accounting. We made significant additions to our reserve for representations and warranties on mortgage loans. In our U.K. business, we experienced additional revenue and expense impacts from claims related to the industry-wide settlement related to the sales practices of Payment Protection products. Our Domestic Card business had 2 significant nonrecurring items in the second quarter. We, along with numerous other banks, were a party to the interchange litigation and the settlement agreement announced last week. The terms of the settlement have been widely publicized. We are reserved for the monetary components of the settlement, including the temporary reduction in interchange rates. While we'll have to see how the resulting changes from the settlement play out in the marketplace, we don't anticipate a long-term impact on revenues or our business strategy. We also announced yesterday that we've reached an agreement with the OCC and the CFPB to resolve previously disclosed issues related to our oversight of vendor sales practices of payment protection and credit monitoring products to Domestic Card customers. Between August 2010 and January 2012, Capital One's third-party vendors did not uniformly adhere to our sales scripts and the explicit instructions we provided to agents for how these products should be sold. We are accountable for our vendors' sales of products to our customers and we take that obligation very seriously. In this case, we did not monitor our vendors' performance closely enough. We deeply regret any process breakdown that impacts our customers. When it happens, we fix it and make it right. When we first learned of these breakdowns, we immediately stopped all sales of these card add-on products. We identified impacted customers to provide full refunds. As the order lays out, we decided to refund money to approximately 2 million customers who purchased the product during this period. We made this decision notwithstanding that many of the vendors' sales calls did not raise concerns and we're strengthening internal quality control processes and our monitoring of vendors. We have no intention to sell these card add-on products in the future because the economics of our Credit Card business does not depend on revenues from add-on products and we have a lot of opportunities to grow our franchise in other ways. A couple of our retail partnerships still sell payment protection through long-term contracts. Looking through the significant noise in the quarter, the strong underlying performance of our businesses continues to demonstrate that we are well-positioned to deliver sustained shareholder value. Slide 4 provides an overview of solid business results in the quarter. While HSBC purchase accounting dominates second quarter Domestic Card results, the underlying business excluding HSBC deal impacts continued to deliver strong performance. Excluding the HSBC loans and the continuing run-off of closed-end loans, domestic revolving credit card loans grew modestly in the quarter. Purchase volumes also continued to grow compared to the second quarter of last year. Revenue margin remains strong in the 16% range excluding HSBC deal impacts, but including the negative effect of the cross-sell settlement. Credit trends remain stable at historically strong levels with normal seasonal patterns. All told, the Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of strong underlying net income. We expect that Domestic Card growth margin and credit metrics will continue to be affected by HSBC-related items we discussed on the first quarter earnings call. HSBC impacts include: Expected run-off in parts of the portfolio; alignment of customer practices; HSBC's historical charge-off levels; and of course, the effect of acquisition accounting. But even with several quarters of these deal-related impacts on metrics, we expect our card business to deliver strong and resilient profitability and a valuable customer franchise. The Consumer Banking business posted an exceptionally strong quarter. Ending loans were up modestly with Auto Finance growth outpacing expected mortgage run-off. Average loan growth was stronger with the full quarter effect of ING Direct mortgage loan balances. Deposits declined modestly. Revenues were strong, driven by higher average loan balances and a modest decline in deposit interest expense, which were partially offset by lower loan yields from the full quarter effect of ING Direct mortgage loans. Credit remains strong with seasonal tailwinds in Auto Finance. Net income was $438 million. Our Consumer Banking business continues to gain traction with national scale auto lending, local scale in attractive local markets in retail banking and growing national reach with the addition of the ING Direct franchise. Our Commercial Banking business continues to deliver strong and steady overall performance. Loans grew 3% in the quarter at 15% year-over-year. Revenues were stable compared to the first quarter and up 13% year-over-year. And credit performance continues to improve. Commercial Banking delivered $228 million in net income for the second quarter. We expect the strong and steady performance of our Commercial Banking business to continue. I'll conclude my remarks this morning on Slide 5. Capital One continued to deliver strong results in the second quarter of 2012, and we remain focused on delivering sustained shareholder value. Because the ING Direct and HSBC U.S. Card acquisitions are such key sources of shareholder value, we're committing all the necessary management time and talent to executed sure-footed and effective integrations. We're also building a great customer franchise. Capital One is already one of a handful of banks that is building a very large and very loyal customer base. ING Direct brings 7 million loyal, early digital adopters with attractive demographics and HSBC has 20 million -- excuse me, 27 million active U.S. credit card accounts. So the acquisitions will strengthen and expand our combined customer base. Over time, these customer relationships are a tremendous source of value as we can expand and deepen customer relationships with new products and services. We've made great strides in delivering a franchise building customer experience, and we expect to preserve and leverage this simple, compelling ING customer experience as we continue to build a great customer franchise across all our businesses. The combination of Capital One, ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business puts us in an even stronger position to create sustained shareholder value through growth potential, strong returns and strong capital generation. We're focused on delivering that value, including distributing capital to shareholders through meaningful dividends and opportunistic share buybacks consistent with our long-standing commitment to maintaining a strong and resilient capital base. Now I'll turn the call over to Gary to discuss our financial results in more detail. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Rich, and good morning to everyone on the call. I presume that most of you have had a chance to review in some detail the financial results we published yesterday afternoon. So I'll limit my opening comments to the highlights and a couple of issues that may benefit from a bit of additional explanation. Starting with the balance sheet on Slide 6, you can see that approximately $31 billion in cash was paid to HSBC on May 1 for its U.S. Card business. On that day, we recorded about $27.6 billion in loans held for investment. The difference reflects the other net assets we recorded in purchase accounting, which are described on Slide 7. Acquisition accounting starts by separating the HSBC card loans into those which are non impaired and as revolving loans are accounted for under FAS 91, and those which have lost revolving privileges and are considered impaired. The impaired loans are accounted for under SOP 03-3. About 95% of the loans acquired were non-impaired. We posted a $1.2 billion loss allowance for these loans as of June 30. In addition, we added $174 million to our finance charge and fee reserve with respect to these revolving loans, which, as you know, is recorded as a contra-revenue item. We anticipate modest additions to both these items in the third quarter. Consistent with FAS 91, we also booked a fair value premium of $692 million on these revolving loans at the time of acquisition. This loan premium will largely be amortized through the end of 2013, including $63 million in the second quarter. For the remaining 5% or so of HSBC's loan balances accounted for under SOP 03-3, we established a credit mark of $666 million. This mark absorbed $251 million in loan losses during the second quarter and the balance should largely be drawn down by losses over the balance of the year. The largest ongoing impact of purchase accounting will be the amortization of PCCR, a $2.1 billion intangible asset associated with purchased credit card relationships. PCCR amortization was $85 million in the second quarter. We expect this number will be somewhat higher the third quarter, owing to a full 3 months effect and will continue to amortize on an accelerated basis over 9 years. PCCR amortization, like all acquisition accounting effects from HSBC, will be allocated to our Domestic Card segment. Slide 8 breaks out the impact of the HSBC Card acquisition on the second quarter, including the acquisition accounting-related entries described on Slide 7, plus transaction and merger-related expenses and the impact of 2 months worth of HSBC Card operations. It's worth remembering that only $10 million of the approximately $260 million in charge-offs related to HSBC loans hit the income statement in the quarter, since the vast majority of such charge-offs were recorded as a reduction in the credit mark for impaired loans I just described. In addition, revenue also benefited from the absence of $45 million in finance charge and fee reversals that were absorbed through the noncredit component of the SOP 03-3 mark. Among the other items, which affected the Q2 income statement, I'll focus on 2. As Rich noted, we announced regulatory settlements related to cross-sell marketing in our Domestic Card business. $60 million in civil money penalties were recorded in noninterest expense. We also announced that, pursuant to our agreement with the OCC, we were setting aside $150 million in cash to fund expected customer refunds. The total income statement impact of these expected refunds totals approximately $116 million, including a $75 million reserve accrued in the first quarter to reverse previously recognized revenues and an additional $41 million reserve this quarter to reflect the final terms agreed with our regulators. Additionally, we are no longer recognizing revenue for any amounts billed for these products to affected customers. Currently, we continue to bill for products sold to these customers to ensure continuity of coverage for the products until they receive their refunds later this year. This includes approximately $24 billion of build amounts in the second quarter that were not recognized. The other item I'll mention is the accrual in the second quarter for litigation reserves to cover the interchange settlement that Rich described and other settlements in the second quarter. We have also recorded the effects of a variety of other smaller settled and pending matters, including one we expect to resolve in the coming weeks. As we've been saying all year, 2012 results will reflect a considerable amount of noise due especially to merger-related impacts. While some of those impacts will persist for a while, as indicated in our discussion of the acquisition accounting, we continue to believe the new run rate of our combined businesses will become visible starting in the back half of this year. Turning to Slide 9, let's touch briefly on net interest margin. Reported NIM for the second quarter was 6.04%. The negative impact on loan yield from a full quarter impact of ING Direct mortgages was more or less offset by a positive impact from the partial quarter impact of HSBC card loans. The modest contraction in NIM on a linked-quarter basis was primarily driven by a decrease in Domestic Card loan yields, primarily as a result of the $174 million finance charge and fee reserve build arising from acquisition accounting as I described earlier. The decrease in asset yields was partially offset by lower cost of funds in the quarter, largely driven by the full quarter impact of ING Direct's deposits. We expect NIM will rebound significantly from here as we experience a full quarter effect of the acquired HSBC Card loans. The longer-term outlook for NIM will, as with most banks, depend on asset mix and especially on the outlook for interest rates. Before ending, let me quickly cover off on capital on Slide 10. As of June 30, our Basel I, Tier 1 common equity ratio was 9.9%. Risk-weighted assets rose substantially in the quarter as a result of the HSBC Card acquisition and related acquisition accounting results in -- that caused our Tier 1 common capital not to rise as much. Our Tier 1 common ratio came in slightly higher than expected, largely as a result of the considerably lower level of goodwill created as a result of the HSBC card acquisition compared to our prior expectations. We continue to be comfortable with our strong capital levels and our capacity to generate healthy amounts of capital going forward, which Rich discussed earlier, is an important element in Capital One's ability to deliver sustained shareholder value. With that, Rich and I would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just had a quick clarifying question on the add-on products. Were they sold in the first quarter? On that $24 million, is that a good run rate of what will not reoccur on a go-forward basis? And then I guess, secondarily, just on the private label portfolio, that shrank a little bit relative to deal announcement and even since you've acquired it. Could you just talk about your expectations going forward, in terms of growth and maybe the same for the broader portfolio?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Sanjay, I think the -- probably a good round number estimate for the ongoing impact of this -- the foregoing revenue of this tranche of customers is about 10 basis points, on an ongoing basis, a declining function but when I look out next year, for example, that's the kind of neighborhood of the revenue impact. So -- and again, there are 2 revenue impacts, just to call to your attention for a second. One is the loss revenue from the customers we're remediating. That's the round number of 10 basis points on the Domestic Card revenue margin. And then, we will forego revenues related to future sales of payment protection and credit monitoring because we've chosen to stop selling the products. And the revenue impact of this choice is harder to predict because as we learned over the last few years, credit margins are really driven by competitive dynamics in the marketplace once you get there. On the private label partnership portfolio, there were over 20 partners in this deal. And some partners, through the process of closing this deal, have -- we have separated from several of those. Nothing that's a really material impact there. And this phenomenon of assessing each partner and making sure that our partnerships, as we continue to renew all these contracts over time, are focusing on really great partners that are very focused on making the private label credit card a centerpiece of their franchise. That's where we're going. So we feel very excited about the partnership business. And as a general update, I mean, I think things are going very well with our early relationship building with the partners and getting -- and we're basically reviewing one contract at a time and many of these contracts are multi-years and like free agents, there's always a few free agents coming up every year. We've got a couple of more still working on but overall, I think we're off to a great start with the partnership business and we look forward to growth opportunity in that business. And then you would -- go ahead. You want to talk about growth overall?
Gary L. Perlin: I wanted to just make one other mention here, Rich. This is Gary, Sanjay. The other thing to keep in mind and you saw it over the course of the last year, as our partnership book started to build, prior to HSBC, with Kohl's and other partnerships, there is an exaggerated amount of seasonality in balances in a lot of these retail partnerships. They tend to ramp up more at the end of the year. And in the first and second quarter, you see them run-off a little bit faster. So keep that in mind going forward as our partnership book starts to grow.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Chris Brendler of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a question: you reported, I think, the spending growth in the quarter at 11%, including Kohl's, I believe it was mid to high-teens last quarter. Anything unusual in spending trends or are you just seeing a pronounced slowdown among your card customers?
Richard D. Fairbank: No. I mean, there's a pretty strong seasonality effects with respect to spending. But no, I don't think we see anything overall of note. I think we continue to see really strong traction with respect to our new transactor focus products and we -- the spending numbers that you see are a blend of retailer numbers and the private label and the general purpose credit card spending on our portfolio as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Don Fandetti of Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Rich, I just want kind of talk a little bit about the business, the card business in terms of competition. I mean, we've been talking about the banks moving to the affluent for quite some time here. When we talk with bank executives, they seem to highlight the Basel II RWA inflation and the low end of the credit spectrum. It looks like you're the only large bank focused on that particular part of the credit spectrum. Can you sort of talk about what the larger banks might be missing and could you see increased competition over time if those banks realize that they are not as profitable as they hope to be?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Don. I think your observation is one that we also see. It seems that most of the card competitors are moving out of the middle end and upper end of subprime of the marketplace. And why would they do that? I think, for a number of them, the CARD Act, they found kind of altered their revenue model in a way that made that business for them less profitable. And again, I can't speak for them. But when we reverse engineer some of the things that -- the way their model worked and how it was changed by the CARD Act, that I think is one thing that started the migration. Secondly, there's, I think, been a lot of pressure on banks to try to migrate to places with lower capital pressure. And I think that Basel II, it's very clear that Basel II creates a greater tax on businesses like that. Because Basel II, unlike many risk management frameworks, including things like stress test, Basel II taxes, if you will, based on loss rate, not on the relationship between loss rate and loss under stress and revenue coverage. And so that really kind of undermines some of the -- really, from a risk management basis, sort of a little bit of a misalignment of capital allocation versus how that business really works. And so I think a lot of folks, while they have headed for other places in the business, what we've been saying all along is through the CARD Act, through the great recession and in our forward planning, we still are mostly where we were before. With respect to the CARD Act, which we were, I think, very embracing of the underlying level playing field associated with the CARD Act, we've -- you can see from our numbers, our business model is pretty intact. On the other side of the CARD Act, Basel II will be higher tax that we have to pay and, of course, we are looking closely at that. But I think that the performance of this business over the years of our experience through the great recession and even now with the other pressures on it, I think, for us, we continue to believe that what we used to do is the same business model I think is really going to work going forward. The other thing I think some of our competitors found is some pretty big losses in parts of this business where, I think, financially and in terms of our credit performance, it weathered it better. So as we've said many times, the more things change for Capital One, the more they stay the same. Where we play and how we do it is pretty much the same as it was going into the great recession.
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Couple of things. You had mentioned that when you looked at the Domestic Card business X the deal that the revenue margin was 15.8%. What are the items that were actually embedded in that when you looked at that? And then also, 3 months ago, after the first quarter, you had talked about the HSBC portfolio at maturity kind of having an effect on the entire portfolio of raising the loss rate and lowering the revenue margin by certain amounts. I'm wondering if you're still -- if those are still your forecasts or how you think about that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So let me talk about the loss rate first, that's the simplest one. HSBC, when it comes in, because of the marking of the delinquent customers basically, as you know, Moshe, dramatically lowers the loss rate until that -- for basically a couple of quarters. And then it bounces up to its running rate. We said at the time, Moshe, that would be in the neighborhood of 75 basis net increase in the otherwise legacy Capital One running rate. I think, if anything, that's a conservative number. Conservative, meaning that it's probably going to come out on the inside of that. So as we bring HSBC on its books, we've been impressed with its loss numbers that are coming in on the -- little bit on the inside of our own estimates for them. And I think we feel it's very solid books. So something probably more -- in the 40 to 60 basis points is probably more of a revised kind of view on that. But again, that's still an increase to Capital One's otherwise card charge-off rate. With respect to revenue margin, the 15.8% second quarter card revenue margin I was talking about, excluded -- excuse me. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Norris: Moshe, the 15.8% is what we reported. If you exclude the HSBC impacts, that rises into the 16%. And if you exclude the cross-sell reserve, that would be closer to 17%. So the 15.8% sort of includes the noise, if you will, on all of the items in the first quarter. And what the point Rich, I think, was making was that, excluding the HSBC impacts, still in the 16% range. And that's loaded with the other item related to the cross-sell reserve.
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. And with respect to the impact of HSBC on our card revenue margin over time, we had highlighted that at the time of the deal decision, a key part of our due diligence was to review all of HSBC's practices and to estimate what would be the cost of bringing those practices in line with some of our practices that we had -- for choices that we have made on some of our consumer practices. And we have said, for example, talking about it last quarter, that on a phased basis, over the first and second quarter of 2013, we would be bringing those practices in line and that would be a net impact on our combined card portfolio of 30 to 35 basis points of running rate. So that, Moshe, we're in the same place we were last quarter when we made that announcement. And to be clear on these things, we're not really in the revenue margin guidance business. What we tend to do is quantify some of the revenue margin effects that we see are coming in the business, for example, the 10 basis running rate impact that we talked about a few questions ago, as well as the 30 to 35 basis point impact from the HSBC reconciliation of practices.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Taiano with Telsey Advisory Group.
Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: I guess, first question I had on mortgage Rep and Warranty, are the claims you're seeing there, are they more coming from the GSE side or from the private label trust, both the insured and noninsured?
Gary L. Perlin: Mike, it's Gary. What we are seeing has virtually no GSE impact on it. Let me just remind you that we announced last quarter that we had reached a global settlement, both on the pipeline on future Rep and Warranty claims, from one GSE where the bulk of our exposure in that space came from. So this is largely coming from the insured securitizations and other private securitizations areas.
Michael P. Taiano - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Great. And then just a second question. I know you guys don't want to get into the habit of giving guidance. But I guess, now that these 2 deals have closed and you're getting your arms around and integrating them, and do you see yourself at some point either later this year or early next year giving us guidance in terms of what your capital ratio expectations are or just broadly sort of return and/or growth expectations? I know some of your peers have done sort of longer-term on average over time, I was wondering if that's something you guys would consider.
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, Mike, it's Gary again. I mean, I think, with respect to future performance trends, what Rich and I have said is that after the considerable noise that we had this quarter, which I'm glad to see that people have been able to kind of look through based on the disclosures we've made, that as the year goes on, hopefully we won't need to give you guidance. You'll see within our performance, the underlying strength of the business and the future is more likely to depend on things outside of our control, whether it's credit or loan demand or whatever the case might be and the future will depend a lot on that and you'll be able to make your own judgments. But I think in terms of our own base revenue generation capacity, our continued focus on expense management and so forth, I think you'll see that run rate emerge as the year goes on. With respect to capital, it's probably a longer-term story because as you well know, we will become a Basel II bank at the end of this year. Most of the other Basel II banks have already been in that program for the better part of the decade. So it's understandable that they have a more refined view of how that affects them. Certainly, as Rich indicated directionally, we know that we will have an increase in risk-weighted assets. But we also have a very strong capital generation outlook on any measure. So it's one of the reasons that Rich and I have both said that we believe that even as we get on a trajectory that allows us to meet any requirements going forward, we believe that we'll be in a strong position to be able to include capital management as an important part of our shareholder value proposition. Exactly what those numbers will be will emerge over time, but I think that trajectory will be quite clear.
Operator: We'll go next to Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a simple question. Concerning the economic backdrop, what you have now in terms of these deals integrated, do you stand behind the accretion guidance you gave us when you first announced these deals together?
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, that may be a simple question, I can't say it's necessarily a simple answer because as you suggest, the world is quite different today than it was when we announced these transactions in the middle of 2011. Our base trajectory is obviously going to be affected by that. I think the key drivers, however, of value in the deals are still there. The synergies we're seeing play out already. In terms of the ING Direct transaction, you can see the continued improvement in our deposit cost, which I think is definitely a benefit and particularly, at the time of lower rates, the fact that we have more variable costs in our deposit franchise is helping us quite a bit. And with respect to HSBC, both the nature of the business, the quality of the book, the quality of the people on both deals when it comes to the quality of the people, that's very much intact. And most of the synergies from HSBC are really being reflected already because many of the costs that applied to the HSBC Card business, when they were part of HSBC, did not come over. And so I think it is still our belief that these are very compelling transactions in terms of financial and strategic value. Exactly how I calculate any particular metrics today versus where we were last year, I think, is an exercise that would be a challenge for any bank to hold firm on any particular number. But the quality and value is absolutely there.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just to ask then in clarification. How does -- in your mind, how does the trajectory for asset growth feel versus when you announced the deals?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I think on asset growth, Craig, let's remember that with HSBC, I think the difference was that the actual quantity of loans acquired on the day of close was a little bit lower than we had anticipated. Some of that is seasonality, some of it were a couple of partnerships that Rich described. But we indicated from day 1, we thought that there'd be a little bit of run-off in that book. In terms of ING Direct, we said that the mortgages were likely to begin to run off and be replaced by other assets being generated by other parts of Capital One's business. But we felt that there'd be a good strength in the deposit franchise. And in fact, although our overall deposits -- our deposit volume was reduced in the second quarter, there was actually an increase in balances among ING direct depositors. So I think that, relatively speaking, the performance of both of the acquisitions on the growth front is not materially different than what we would've anticipated. If you could have told me a year ago exactly what the economic situation would've been today, I might have had a different view about overall growth in the industry. But I think our position there continues to be strong.
Operator: We'll go next to Bill Carcache with Nomura.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Can you give a little bit of color on the differential between the 11% purchase volume growth that you're seeing and the 1% loan growth?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. I mean, I think, Phil, the 11% purchase volume growth is -- or Bill, the 11% purchase volume growth is driven by the -- first and foremost, driven by the marketing campaigns and the investments that we're making in going right after the heavy spender part of the marketplace. We also -- that also includes partnership data and we have -- and are continuing to build partnerships with retailers that are doing well and are getting some strength with respect to purchase volume as well. And even finally, there's another effect that, over the last couple of years, what I've been saying, we're getting -- while we're not building balance transfer-focused originations, we are really building sort of more old-fashioned accounts where you get a credit line and then use it over time. Some of the purchase volume growth also is the building of balances on some of these coiled spring originations that we have built as well.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay, and finally, Rich, could you give us some perspective on, given some of the boom and bust cycles that we've seen over the years in the auto finance space and the strong growth that you're seeing there, could you just kind of frame for us what you guys are doing from an underwriting perspective to kind of ensure that, in the next cycle, that these loans aren't going to be ones that will end up driving significant losses for you at some point down the road?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, well, we all -- bankers always vow that when they go through the recession, they vow that never again and all the other banks that we've all heard and somehow, history tends to repeat itself sometimes. So what I want to say is that first of all, just to comment about the Auto market, it does have very strong growth right now related to, I think, pent-up demand from the great recession. It's a very healthy kind of industry dynamic right now. Some people were scared away from the business. Supply and demand is in pretty good shape right now. There are a lot of good things going on and used car prices are at record highs. Now all that said, that's nice. But also, when things like used car prices, which is the price of collateral and lending is at record highs, that should get people's attention. So let me tell you what we have done. First of all, we have done a retro look way back through the great recession and how the industry gradually loosen standards and sort of what would have happened had we never gone down that path and -- well, it's a hypothetical because you're not -- you can't be sure that you'll get the volume of business in relationship businesses. If one doesn't adapt, frankly, it's really striking how well the business would've done in that early stage where we lost money had we more firmly held our ground and that is a lesson that is deeply written into some of our underwriting practices. But let me also say that we underwrite to significant recessions, that's what we do at any point in the cycle. So we are assuming that there is a huge reduction in used car prices starting the day after we originate any loan. I think that has been an important part of this thing. A lot of our lending practices are also driven by where are we in the cycle. And one of the most important things to be is on the lookout for where the inflection point comes, which is the precursor to a boom, which is the absolutely worst part of the lending cycle. We are not there -- and we look by industry -- by business for that. We are certainly not at that point yet in the Auto cycle. And I think there's very good business to be had. But the main thing is we are taking very conservative choices on underwriting. And we are assuming significant recessions in hardwiring that into the underwriting decisions. And the most important things that we will have to watch, which is the 2 competitive effects is: One, the loosening of standards; and secondly, the reduction of pricing. And where that equilibrium is right now in the Auto business is pretty good. But we all know from history, those things can change and we're all over it and I appreciate very much the spirit of your question.
Operator: We'll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: I wonder if you could just clarify what you said about the information -- some of the information on Slide 8, the revenue and the non-interest expense from the HSBC business excluding all the one-time items. That expense number then annualizes, I guess, at about $1.5 billion or so. Is that -- are you saying that that's kind of a normal run rate and that contract you have with HSBC is included in that and that we shouldn't expect much in the way of declines over the next year if you -- with any of the integration?
Gary L. Perlin: David, I'll give you an answer to start out with, as I did last quarter when we try to break out of this information for the impact of ING Direct, which is this is less designed to give you a perfect view of the future and more designed to give you clear comparables between our second quarter with the partial quarter effect of HSBC and all the purchase accounting versus the previous quarter. That said, let's remember, so you have to adjust for the timing here, with respect to the revenue, it's slightly -- it's about where it should be because we've stripped out the purchase accounting effects there. The expenses are not a bad indicator of where they might go. The important difference that you need to keep in mind is that there is virtually no charge-off expense, no provision expense in that. And then, of course, going forward, the one thing that you will continue to see is the presence of PCCR amortization in that number. And of course, there will be some integration expenses that will continue in that number as well. So I personally would not use those numbers as an exact run rate. Certainly for the next couple of years, where PCCR amortization and integration expenses will continue. But other than that, and making sure that you put in a more normal level of charge-offs and a normal level of finance charge and fee reserves, it puts you into a reasonable ballpark. But this is not intended to be an absolute directional set of data about where we're going. But it does kind of start to give you the ability to see the outlines through the fog.
Operator: We have time for one more question, Rick Shane from JPMorgan.
Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have 2 quick questions. One is a follow-up to the last one. When you announced the HSBC transaction, implicitly, there was about $1.5 billion of operating expense there. And to David's point before, that's what's implied roughly from these numbers here. You talked about $350 million of operating expense synergies, which I assume were basically between the HSBC portfolio and the core Capital One portfolio. Do you still think you're on track to deliver that?
Gary L. Perlin: It's still kind of early in the process, Rick, we're still working on the integrations. And obviously, some of the synergies are going to come from scale and other things, but we're already seeing a substantial amount of it because of the costs that did not come over. And I think, in general terms, the value that we saw in that transaction at the beginning is pretty much what we would have expected. And again, just make sure that you realize that for a period of time, we're still going to have PCCR and integration expense coming out of that. So if you net out that, I think you'll start to get close to the kind of the cost synergies that we described in the announcement.
Richard B. Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then really changing gears. Related to the cross-selling settlement, will you consider seeking indemnification against the partners who led you down that path?
Richard D. Fairbank: No. At this point, we don't have comments to make on that.
Jeff Norris: Okay. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us this morning on the conference call. And thank you for interest in Capital One, and the Investor Relations staff and I will be here throughout the day to answer follow-up questions that you may have. Thanks, everybody, have a great day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris -  Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division John W. Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel Furtado - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Lynette. Welcome, everyone, to Capital One's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we've included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2012 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Jeff. And good afternoon to everyone listening to the call. I'll start by providing a few highlights from the quarter on Slide 3. Capital One earned $1.4 billion or $2.72 per share in the first quarter of 2012. Without the impact of a bargain purchase gain related to the ING Direct acquisition, first quarter net income would have been $809 million or $1.56 per share. Earnings from continuing operations, excluding the bargain purchase gain, would have been $911 million or $1.76 per share. Aside from the ING Direct bargain purchase gain, the increase in linked quarter earnings was primarily driven by higher revenue and lower noninterest and provision expenses in our legacy businesses. Higher legacy revenue was driven in part by increased average loan balances and favorable net interest margin. First quarter revenue also includes a $160 million benefit related to our sale of Visa stock and subsequent reserve adjustments and the absence of about $150 million of unique contra-revenue items recorded in the fourth quarter. These benefits were partially offset by a $75 million accrual for upcoming refunds we expect to provide customers in our Domestic Card business, which you'll hear more about from Rich in a moment.  Overall, noninterest expenses inclusive of ING Direct-related expenses decreased $114 million quarter-over-quarter. The decrease was due to about $100 million in seasonally lower marketing spend and a modest decrease in legacy operating expenses. All told, run rate legacy operating expenses fell to just over $2.0 billion, and there were no significant onetime expenses in Q1 as there were in the fourth quarter. We recorded mortgage Rep and Warranty expense of $169 million in the quarter, of which $153 million was booked in discontinued operations. The majority of this expense relates to a settlement one of our subsidiaries made with a government-sponsored enterprise to resolve present and future Rep and Warranty repurchased claims. Although we had already reserved in prior quarters for most of this outcome, we increased our reserve by $95 million to account for the final settlement amount. This settlement amount has now been paid to the GSE, so you'll see the impact of that payment in the second quarter reserve calculation. This settlement resolves the bulk of our GSE Rep and Warranty exposure. Strong credit performance led to a $288 million decrease in provision expense in the quarter, driven by both a lower level of charge-offs and a larger allowance release. I'll address the specific impacts of ING Direct on our first quarter earnings, which are listed on Slide 3, by looking at the table on Slide 4. Looking at Slide 4, we expect to provide a similar view for the impact of HSBC's U.S. Card business in the second quarter. As the operations of the 2 businesses quickly become integrated, we will no longer be able to split ING Direct or HSBC out from the rest of our financials beyond the quarter in which each acquisition is closed. Q1 revenue was impacted by the close of the ING Direct acquisition in mid-February and by 1/2 quarter of ING Direct operations. The impact was largest in noninterest income, where we recognized the bargain purchase gain of $594 million at close. The gain was driven largely by the substantial decline in long-term interest rates, which began shortly after we announced the acquisition of ING Direct last June. As you know, we put on a swap position early last August designed to protect the positive impact of those lower rates on the fair value of ING Direct's assets. The mark-to-market loss on that partial hedge from inception to close was $355 million, of which $78 million was realized in the first quarter. The noninterest expense attributed to ING Direct includes both normal operating expenses for about 1/2 quarter, along with ING Direct transaction and merger-related expenses recorded in the quarter. Now if we turn to Slide 5, you'll see the significant impact of ING Direct on Capital One's balance sheet. As you can see, the acquisition of ING Direct on February 17 added about $20 billion in cash. Together with Capital One's standalone cash position, in part generated by the sale of Capital One investment securities over the last couple of quarters, this cash represents a significant portion of the funding being accumulated for the U.S. Credit Card assets we are about to acquire from HSBC. The other assets, which came with the acquisition of ING Direct at fair value, include about $40 billion in mortgage Home Loans and some $30 billion in investment securities. ING Direct's $85 billion of liabilities are almost entirely consumer deposits. For segment reporting purposes effective on the close date, ING Direct's loans and deposits are included in our Consumer Banking segment. Cash and securities acquired from ING Direct are reported in the other category. The table on Slide 5 provides balance sheet data as of close date and quarter end. Now let's take a moment to discuss the impacts to average balances and yields for the quarter on Slide 6. Average loan balances increased in the quarter by almost $21 billion, driven largely by the acquisition of ING Direct mid-quarter. In our legacy businesses, average balances grew by about $2 billion, as the modest decline we experience in our Domestic Card business due to expected seasonal paydowns was more than offset by growth in our Commercial Lending and Auto Finance businesses. As expected, the on-boarding of ING Direct's lower margin business and our temporarily high cash balances close to 102-basis point decline in net interest margin this quarter to 6.20%. The intended deployment of cash to fund HSBC's U.S. Card assets in the second quarter will allow us to recapture a significant percentage of the NIM reduction from Q1. And over the following few quarters, we expect NIM to be back at preacquisition levels. Moving to Slide 7, strong retained earnings growth in capital actions related to the financing of our 2 acquisitions led to a 220-basis point increase in our Tier 1 common equity ratio in the quarter. Capital actions in the quarter included settlement of the $2 billion equity forward we executed last July; $2.6 billion of equity issued to ING Group; and the $1.25 billion equity raise in March, shortly after our planned capital action was approved by the Fed as part of its CCAR process.  As of March 31, our Basel I Tier 1 common equity ratio was 11.9%. We continue to be comfortable with our strong capital levels and our capacity to generate healthy amounts of capital going forward. We expect the addition of ING Direct and HSBC's U.S. Card portfolio to quickly enhance our earnings trajectory and capital generation.  Now before turning the call over to Rich, I'd like to highlight on Slide 8 the significant impacts that we expect to closing of HSBC's Card business will have on our company's financial results in the second quarter, including a substantial negative effect on both earnings and capital in the quarter. Since purchase accounting and other material financial statement impacts can only be calculated after closing, we expect to be able to provide you with detailed information at the end of Q2. For now, I can offer a quick overview of the types of impacts you should expect. The largest earnings impact from acquiring HSBC's U.S. Card business in Q2 will most likely be a significant build in our allowance for loan losses associated with HSBC's current loans. Delinquent loans, which have lost revolving privileges, will be accounted for under SOP 03-3 and a lifetime credit mark will be taken against those loans. The fair value of the current loans, which we expect to represent the majority of the acquired HSBC card portfolio, will be subject to a FAS 91 mark, which in turn will come into revenue over time. Starting in the second quarter and extending over several years, we expect card expenses and earnings will be affected by the amortization of PCCR. The amount of which will be determined as part of the purchase accounting to be completed after close. Earnings in the second quarter and beyond will also be affected by transaction and merger-related expenses and the amortization of other assets and intangibles. We'll do our best at the end of the second quarter to lay out for you not just the upfront impacts of the HSBC close as we've done for ING Direct, but also the ongoing effect which those impacts will have on subsequent quarters' earnings. Of course, the addition of HSBC's U.S. Card assets will add to Capital One's risk-weighted assets and together with the negative impacts of purchase accounting on Q2 income will cause our Tier 1 common ratio to decline in the second quarter. The considerable uncertainty surrounding purchase accounting makes it difficult to project exactly where our Tier 1 common ratio will be at the end of the second quarter, but our current best estimate continues to be that the ratio will be in the mid-9% range. To the extent that there are any large unanticipated impacts from purchase accounting, their capital impacts are likely to resolve quickly in the second quarter or in the quarters immediately following close. More importantly, we remain fully confident that the HSBC transaction will contribute significantly to the strong capital generation we expect to realize as a company going forward.  With that, I'll hand the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin tonight on Slide 9. In the first quarter, our Domestic Card business delivered strong profits, improving credit and solid year-over-year growth in loans and purchase volumes. Loans declined seasonally in the quarter. Compared to the first quarter of last year, loans grew about 5%, purchase volumes increased about 15% and our Domestic Card business continue to grow and gain market share in new accounts booked. Revenues and revenue margin declined in the first quarter, driven by a onetime reserve addition related to cross-selling. The reserve is for expected customer refunds associated with instances in which phone salespeople didn't adhere to our scripts and sales policies when cross-selling products to our Credit Card customers. The $75 million accrual drove about 50 basis points of the margin reduction in the quarter. Noninterest expense for the quarter declined, as both marketing and operating expenses were lower than in the fourth quarter. Lower marketing in the first quarter reflects normal quarterly variability and the timing of direct mail and brand marketing. Credit performance improved in the quarter. First quarter delinquency improvements outpaced industry trends, but it's important to recognize that our first quarter improvement is consistent with the fact that our seasonality is more pronounced than the industry's, the mirror image of last quarter's worsening delinquency trends. Looking through this seasonality, we observed modest underlying delinquency improvements, which drove an allowance release in the quarter. All told, the Domestic Card business delivered $515 million in net income in the quarter. We're on track to complete the HSBC U.S. Card business acquisition in the second quarter, and we expect merger-related impacts to have a significant effect on Domestic Card results in the remaining quarters of 2012. We expect second quarter results to reflect the significant build in allowance and finance charge and fee reserve as we build -- excuse me, as we bring the HSBC Domestic Card loans onto our balance sheet. We also expect to take a credit mark to cover expected losses on delinquent loans that no longer carry revolving privileges. We anticipate the credit mark will absorb most of the HSBC credit losses for the next couple of quarters, artificially lowering the overall charge-off rate at the Domestic Card segment during that time. We expect that the Domestic Card charge-off rate will increase in the fourth quarter of 2012. In addition to these expected short-term impacts, we expect the addition of HSBC loans will affect quarterly trends across the business. We expect that the continuing runoff of parts of the HSBC portfolio will offset the underlying growth trajectory of the combined Domestic Card business, resulting in modest overall loan growth rates for the segment. We expect the domestic -- that combined Domestic Card quarterly revenue margin will decline in the quarters following the completion of the HSBC acquisition, with the majority of the decline resulting from planned actions to bring HSBC's customer practices in line with our own. We expect the phased implementation of these actions to reduce our quarterly Domestic Card revenue margin by about 30 to 35 basis points by the first half of 2013. These actions were planned and included in the expected deal economics when we announced the acquisition. Additional factors expected to pressure Domestic Card revenue margin include runoff of higher yielding loan balances and purchase accounting impacts. We expect PCCR amortization will increase Domestic Card noninterest expenses for several years. And after the short-term moves I described a moment ago play out, we expect the charge-off rate on the combined Card business to reach a level that's around 75 basis points higher than the standalone charge-off rate for Capital One's Domestic Card business. Despite the noise associated with these short-term and medium-term impacts, we expect that the synergies and ongoing operations of the HSBC U.S. Card business will drive a significant and sustainable increase in Domestic Card earnings. Turning to Slide 10, first quarter results in our Consumer Banking business reflect the addition of ING Direct, as well as continued strong Auto Finance performance. The significant increases in loan and deposit volumes, revenue and noninterest expense were all driven by the addition of ING Direct in the quarter. We added about $40 billion in ING Direct Home Loans in the quarter and Auto loans grew by about $1.8 billion. Growth in Auto loans resulted from continued traction in geographic expansion and our strategy to deepen relationships with the most valued auto dealers. Auto loan originations grew 19% from the prior quarter. We're pleased that we achieved these growth while maintaining tight underwriting standards, and much of the growth in the first quarter was in prime loans. While the pace of originations growth is likely to moderate, we expect that loans will continue to grow throughout 2012. Loan yields decreased with the partial quarter effect of adding the ING Direct loan portfolio, and they're expected to decrease again in the second quarter with the full quarter effect of adding ING loans. We expect relatively stable Consumer Banking loan yields after the second quarter. We expect yield increases from the expected mortgage runoff to be offset by yield decreases from a higher mix of prime loans in our Auto Lending business. We expect that sizable runoff of the ING mortgage portfolio and the continuing runoff of our legacy mortgage portfolio will more than offset the growth in Auto loans, driving a declining trend in Consumer Banking loan balances for several years. We added just under $85 billion in deposits when we completed the ING Direct acquisition. Weighted average deposit interest expense decreased 11 basis points in the quarter, the result of disciplined pricing across our combined deposit franchise and the current rate environment. Provision expense declined, with lower charge-offs in both the Home Loans portfolio and the Auto lending business, partially offset by an allowance build driven by the increase in Auto Loan balances.  The Consumer Banking business posted net income of $224 million in the quarter, driven by strong Auto profitability and a partial quarter of ING Direct run rate profitability, partially offset by amortization of purchase accounting impact. With continuing growth and profitability in Auto lending, strong positions in great Local Banking markets and the powerful ING Direct deposit franchise with national banking reach. The Consumer Banking business is poised to deliver solid, long-term results. As you can see on Slide 11, our Commercial Banking business continues to deliver strong and steady performance. Loan volumes increased about 2% in the quarter. Year-over-year, loans increased by about 15%. Growth in loan commitments was even stronger. For several quarters, we've targeted and achieved the strongest growth in areas in which we built specialized expertise and capabilities, including rent control, multifamily real estate in Metro New York City and selected C&I industry segments such as energy and commercial finance. Commercial deposits grew 5% in the quarter and 15% year-over-year, with improvements in deposit interest expense. Revenues were relatively flat in the quarter, but up about 15% from the first quarter of 2011. Noninterest expense increased in the quarter, as we continued to hire bankers and invest in our infrastructure to attract and serve primary banking relationships. Strong commercial credit performance continued in the quarter. The charge-off rate for the Commercial Banking segment was 19 basis points, down 43 basis points in the quarter and 61 basis points from the first quarter of 2011. The charge-off rate in our Commercial Lending businesses, which exclude the runoff Small-Ticket CRE portfolio, was actually 0, with charge-off rates improving across all of our commercial businesses except Small-Ticket CRE. The nonperforming asset rate for the Commercial Banking segment was 1.23%, up 6 basis points from the fourth quarter but down significantly from the first quarter of 2011. The modest increase in the quarter was driven by a small handful of CRE loans. We expect continuing strength in commercial credit, with some quarterly choppiness in commercial charge-offs and nonperformers. Net income for the quarter improved significantly to $210 million, as the Commercial Banking business continues to deliver a meaningful and increasingly important contribution to Capital One's overall results. Turning to Slide 12, we expect that significant runoff portfolios will mute the optics of reported loan growth for Capital One, despite strong underlying growth in our key businesses. As I've just discussed, we're delivering strong growth in several key businesses across Capital One. Our Auto Finance business continues to gain traction with our strategy to build deep relationships with our most valued auto dealers and our expansion of this relationship approach to new geographies. In our Commercial Banking business, our focused approach to commercial real estate and our deep industry specialization in C&I continue to generate strong growth in loans and loan commitments. Capital markets funding for commercial businesses has declined and many foreign banks and nonbanks have pulled back from Commercial Lending.  And in our Domestic Card business, we're gaining share on the level playing field created by the CARD Act and the great recession. Our new products like Venture, Cash and Spark are winning in the marketplace. And we're adding customer relationships, loans and platforms for future growth with new private label partnerships like Kohl's and Sony. We expect the completion of the HSBC U.S. Card business acquisition will catapult us to a leading scale position in the private label partnership space. These growth trends have long been partially offset by the impacts of runoff portfolios like Installment Loans in the Domestic Card business; the Home Loans back book that we inherited through our North Fork and Chevy Chase Bank acquisitions in Consumer Banking; and the Small-Ticket Commercial Real Estate portfolio in Commercial Banking.  With the acquisition of ING Direct, we're adding a significant runoff portfolio of ING mortgages, and we expect portions of the HSBC Card portfolio to continue the runoff as well. Over the 12 months, beginning with the third quarter of 2012, we expect around $8.5 billion of mortgage runoff in our Consumer Banking business at about $1.8 billion of runoff in portions of our Domestic Card business. All told, we expect that the runoff portfolios will decline by about $10.5 billion from the third quarter of this year through the third quarter of 2013 and will decline by a further $8 billion through the third quarter of 2014. Because of this significant runoff, we expect modest overall loan growth for the total company despite strong underlying loan growth in our Auto Finance, Commercial Banking and Domestic Card business. I'll close tonight on Slide 13. Capital One continued to deliver strong results in the first quarter of 2012. The most newsworthy event of the quarter, of course, was the completion of the ING Direct acquisition. We are thrilled to welcome the customers and associates of ING Direct to Capital One. We now look forward to completing the acquisition of the HSBC Card business in the second quarter. We continue to believe that both transactions are financially and strategically compelling, and we are as excited about them today as when we announced the deals. We still have a lot of work to do to integrate them, but as we've gotten closer to both ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business, we've been able to affirm that the drivers of financial and strategic value remain very compelling and in line with our expectations. The run rates of the businesses are performing as we expected. And at ING Direct, customers continue to build deposit balances and there have been no meaningful changes in attrition or customer loyalty measures. We haven't changed our view of expected synergies, and we've been impressed with the talent and cultural fit of both institutions.  By 2013, we expect that deal synergies and the strong underlying earnings power of the combined Capital One, ING Direct and HSBC businesses will deliver attractive financial results and EPS accretion. We'll continue to provide purchase accounting and merger-related impacts to help bring these underlying trends into view in the second half of 2012. With the ING Direct integration well underway and the HSBC U.S. Card acquisition on track to close in the second quarter, we're focusing on delivering the financial and strategic upside of these combined companies. Because the acquisitions are such a key source of shareholder value, we're committing all the necessary management time and talent to executing surefooted and effective integration. We're also building a great customer franchise. Capital One is already one of the handful of banks that's building a very large and loyal customer base. ING Direct brings 7 million loyal early digital adapters with attractive demographics and HSBC has 27 million active U.S. Credit Card accounts, so the acquisitions will strengthen and expand our combined customer base. Over time, these customer relationships are a tremendous source of value as we can expand and deepen customer relationships with new products and services. We've made great strides in delivering a franchise enhancing customer experience, and we expect to preserve and leverage this simple, compelling ING customer experience as we continue to build a great customer franchise across all our businesses. The combination of Capital One, ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business puts us in an even stronger position to create sustained shareholder value through growth potential, strong returns and strong capital generation. We are focused on delivering that value, including distributing capital to shareholders through a meaningful dividend and share buybacks, consistent with our long-standing commitment to maintaining a strong and resilient capital base. With that, Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Lynette, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take your first question from Dave Hochstim from Buckingham Research Group.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Wondering, could you just clarify what you said about the Domestic Card revenue margin declining and then expecting higher charge-offs as well? It seems [Audio Gap]. And then just on the $75 million reserve, could you just explain what happened in terms of product sales?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. So David, with respect to the revenue margin, what we are saying is, of course, we have a strong revenue margin at Capital One. We're buying a company that also has a kind of comparable, strong revenue margin. What we're saying is that when we -- as we plan from the time of the announcement of the deals, when we bring on HSBC, that, as you can imagine, thinking of all the work that we've done over the years with respect to our own policies and customer practices, bringing HSBC in line with those will hit a run rate of revenue margin reduction on our portfolio of about 30 basis points to 35 basis points. There is a phasing of those effects, but over the course of the first half of 2013, we will hit that run rate. And that's a sustainable effect from the transition of HSBC into Capital One.
David S. Hochstim - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And their charge-offs are higher, so their margins are lower? And when charge-offs are higher...
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Yes. So as you remember, with the various data that's come out as part of this deal and I think if you look on at HSBC, HSBC has just essentially always had a charge-off rate that is a fair amount higher than Capital One's. And so when it comes into Capital One, just the math of the weighted average of those will take over. Our point is that you won't see that for a couple of quarters after HSBC comes on because of the mark that will pretty much take out those charge-offs for a couple of quarters. But what we're saying is after that mark runs its course, there will be a sustainable delta of around 75 basis points effective combined higher charge-offs that comes from just the math of pulling these 2 institutions together. I'm sorry, did I answer -- there's a bunch of 75s. Okay. And the -- I'm so sorry, so the 75 -- you want to ask about the accrual related to the cross-sell, David? Yes. So we have policies and scripts in place to ensure that our sales practices meet our standards. And unfortunately, this didn't happen in some cases with respect to the sale of some cross-sell products at Capital One. So what we're doing is, we are reaching out to all the customers who have purchased these products over the past couple of years and are offering a refund to those customers. And this is a one-time $75 million hit that we're taking for that effect. But it's very important that we make sure that all of our customers have bought the products in the context that we exactly intended when we were selling.
Operator: We'll move next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I had a couple of questions on just numbers. First, I want to make sure I had all the onetime items in terms of the impacts to continuing ops on legacy Capital One. Are they -- the $150 million Visa gain, the $75 million hit to current reserve build, $19 million hit to Rep and Warranty and $25 million and higher expenses related to the HSBC integration?
Gary L. Perlin: All of those items came through continuing ops, Sanjay, that's correct. The only thing I'll mention because the way we have shown them, because of the bargain purchase gain, the hedge lost that was recorded in the quarters of $77 million, which previously was showing up in continuing ops but wasn't called out as an ING expense, although we told you what it was for, it's showing up in the column that says ING impact. So I just want to make sure you know that, that onetime impact is there, but it's showing up in the INGD column.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Perfect. And then just as far as the impact on ING on a go-forward basis, when looking at Slide 3, are the 2 ongoing impacts kind of the loan premium amortization as well as the CDI amortization? I know that's for half the quarter, but just on an ongoing basis, is that what we have to kind of back out of what the core earnings power of ING is? And could you just talk about how that core earnings power of ING compares today relative to the number you guys provided when you closed the deal of $630 million?
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, Sanjay. With respect to your -- the question about what is an ongoing source of expense or impact to revenue, you are correct. The loan premium amortization will continue for several years. It's being recognized on an accelerated schedule. So at this stage, we're running at $40 million, $45 million a full quarter, and that will start to come down, the CDI, obviously, will continue for a substantial period of time. There will be no more transaction-related expenses for ING Direct having to do with the deal, itself, but certainly, there will be integration and other merger-related expenses that will be hitting for a period of time, and we'll call those out for you. So certainly, the bargain purchase gain and the mark-to-market loss, or mark-to-market position on the hedge which is related to that will not recur. So you've got that correct. Certainly, in terms of the view of ING Direct's ongoing impact, what we've really tried to do for you this quarter, Sanjay, is not to suggest what you should think about in terms of ING's ongoing impact. What we really tried to do was to give you a clean view of our first quarter performance net of ING Direct so that you could compare it to our fourth quarter performance, which was obviously before the acquisition. What we've tried to do in terms of an impact of ING Direct in this quarter is to reflect it as it would have operated as a standalone company. In other words, we took into account their Securities portfolio before we combined it with our own. We simply looked at the yields on their assets and their deposits. So it's a good representation of what ING Direct would have done as a standalone company, which isn't materially different from that which we had assumed at the time of the deal. You've just reminded us of that sort of $630 million number. But I wouldn't say it's necessarily a good representation of the value of ING Direct going forward because Capital One will value the deposits of ING Direct more highly than they would have been. And so that, obviously, will be reflected in the Consumer Banking segment. The Securities portfolio and the cash position of ING Direct is showing up in our other category. We're just going to optimize our balance sheet as a whole. So I think the information we've given you should allow you to understand what short-term impact ING Direct has had. I think in order to understand the long-term impact, you really have to kind of go back to our assumptions around the deals, and as Rich said, we feel that -- we feel as good about them today as we did when we announced them.
Operator: John Stilmar with SunTrust has your next question.
John W. Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Rich, just a quick highlight for us on the legacy Capital One business. Top line yield continues to actually move up and defying what other banks are showing at least on the top line yield in terms of the U.S. Card business. What is the real driver there? Is it net card customer profitability in your legacy Capital One business getting better or is it just the migration of Installment Loans becoming a less important part of the business? And if that's the case, can you help us kind of understand what that dynamic might be on the legacy business going forward?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, the -- we have just had a lot of strength on the revenue side, and I've embarrassed myself on -- you should be cautious asking me this question because if you remember when I kept predicting this revenue margin to come down and it stubbornly kind of refused to do that. So it demonstrates, though, the power of several things that are going on. I mean, some of the revenue margin strength has been related to credit that has continued to come in a little bit better than expected, and, of course, that's not a sustainable point, and we would expect not to get too much more of those credit effects. But the marketing we're doing over the last few years has been really light in terms of teaser-oriented balance transfer of products. I mean, we're just not really active participants in that particular segment. We have -- our highest yielding parts of our portfolio have had significantly less attrition than we expected also which has contributed. And funding costs are down also, which helps the current revenue margin. So we feel very good about this and, of course, now we bring on HSBC, who I think the earnings power of that enterprise really comes from revenue margin strength. And what excites us is the fact that there we see a lot of opportunities in the way we can manage accounts and hit the ground running with that business. That, I think, will show continued strength in revenue margin. I do want to say, though, that, of course, note, we are pointing downward with respect to revenue margin and we really mean it here relative to this known impact of taking a little bit of the air out with respect to some of HSBC's practices. So that's a very real effect. I think also we should expect the competitive environment, which is gradually heating up. I think that, that impact will clearly, I think, kind of take things down a little bit. And I do want to also say that as we continue to get traction in partnerships, which I'm really bullish about the continued opportunity we have there, that will be great in terms of value creation, but that's a thing that pulls down margin as well.
Operator: Chris Brendler from Stifel, Nicolaus has your next question.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick clarifications, if I could. Rich, the discussion around HSBC and the practices and the changing around those practices and the 75 basis points, I believe -- or sorry, 30 basis points of revenue margin pressure doesn't -- I think you would also benefit, as the HSBC loans come on, the revenue margin should go up first and then start to come down as you maintain just to those practices. Is that the case?
Richard D. Fairbank: I think less so than you might think. I mean relative to attrition and other things, I think that we're not really seeing an updraft before the downdraft. I think that we think things are mostly going to be coming in around where we are, and then from there, you have the phased downdraft effect of our implementation of the things we've been planning to do for a long time.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could ask a second question, or a clarification. The bargain purchase gain, I believe, is not taxable, if I'm calculating correctly. And then I'll just ask, my real question would be on interchange. You've had quite a bit of success in the U.S. Card business and growing to purchase volume, another good quarter this quarter, 27% growth, 25% growth, whatever the number is, but interchange revenue seems to be relatively flat. Is that a reflection of the rewards products you're pushing out today or is there other true-ups in the rewards redemption rate that's causing the depressed growth in that interchange, if you could just help me to think about that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Gary, why don't you do bargain purchase, I'll do interchange.
Gary L. Perlin: You're right, Chris. The bargain purchase is not -- it carries no tax burn.
Richard D. Fairbank: Chris, yes, purchase volume at Capital One has been growing pretty dramatically. I mean, obviously, we've also brought in partnerships and that's added to this effect. But even without the partnerships, we have tended to be leading the league tables of industry growth in the last couple of years with respect to purchase volume growth. Let me talk about interchange here for a minute. First of all, just a comment about the Q1 interchange numbers. The Q1 interchange numbers were relatively weak due to seasonality. That's in fact -- it's pretty consistent for Capital One. So quarter-over-quarter, our purchase volume was down 9% and our interchange was down 7%. But pulling way up on the observation that you talk about that while purchase volume is very strong, the interchange is not growing at as strong a rate. It's important to note that the net interchange disclosures in the press release tables are for the total company, and they include payments to some of our partners and some impacts from other lines of business. So it's difficult to derive truly what's going on with respect to net interchange income from these disclosures. If you were to look at just our Domestic Card business, which would take out the impact of other business lines and the effect of the partnership payments, net interchange has had solid growth throughout 2011 and in the first quarter of 2012. Now that said, our Domestic Card net interchange is not increasing at the same rate as our purchase volume as we continue to shift our portfolio toward rewards customers and move away from some of the balance intensive revolver segment, which has limited rewards cost but lower margin and greater resiliency challenges. So look, we feel great about the rewards customers we're attracting and we think that interchange, although it's growing less quickly than purchase volume, I think is going to be a continuingly strong contributor to the revenue growth of the company.
Operator: We'll move next to Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: My first question on the deal accretions. I guess at the time of the mergers, you had said mid-single-digit accretion to 2013 from ING. And at the time of HSBC, you had said high-teens GAAP and operating EPS accretion to 2013. And consensus was around $6 at the time for both. So with all the kind of things you're talking about, the practice changes at HSBC, et cetera, is the mid-single digit and high-single digits off consensus at that time still a good benchmark to work off of in terms of the top-down accretion, or have any of the things you've now outlined changed your contemplation of how accretive these deals might be?
Gary L. Perlin: Brian, it's Gary. I'm happy to take that. And certainly, what you might call a baseline free acquisition trajectory, obviously, will have changed if for no other reason than the interest rate environment. But as far as the deals themselves go, with ING Direct, of course, we've had a beneficial improvement to the upfront capital impact of that transaction, which will cause a bit of amortization of that capital over the next year or so, which obviously will affect reported earnings, but by a relatively small amount which I identified. So that might have a small impact in terms of reported results over the next couple of years. With HSBC, obviously, we haven't closed the transaction. There will be -- I wouldn't be surprised if there were more significant purchase accounting impacts upfront, and therefore, on income over the next year or so. But looking aside from the accounting, the fundamentals of what we see in the HSBC business look good and very much in line with what we saw before we announced the deal and what we put into those numbers, including some of the moves that Rich described. So I think if you put the 2 deals together as we can see them right now, I think we're still in the same ballpark for accretion. But we'll certainly give you a running commentary as it plays out, so you understand what the moving parts and pieces are.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then my follow-up is Slide 7. Can you explain how this disallowed DTA works? I guess, first, why it's increased the past 2 quarters? Second, when you gave the mid-9s capital guidance for the deal close, would that mid-9s include something in the same ballpark of this $900 million disallowed DTA? And then third, I realized that disallowed DTA recapture can depend on actual earnings, your forecast as you turn the calendar year every January 1. But is there any reason to expect that this $900 million wouldn't be recaptured over some near- to medium-term amount of time?
Gary L. Perlin: It's certainly one of my favorite topics, Brian. DTA, as you suggested, has gone up. Although we have not closed on the HSBC transaction, we do contemplate the close of the transaction. It is going to have an upfront negative impact on earnings and that, among other things, can contribute to an increase in the DTA in this quarter. Obviously, as time plays out, the likelihood of recapture is quite high. With respect to the previously stated expectation of the mid-9% range for Tier 1 common at the end of next quarter, as I said, it's more likely to be affected by purchase accounting than it is by our forecast of DTA. But we certainly feel, as of today, that we're in that right ballpark, could be helped. That could go the other way in a very, very short run because of purchase accounting, but if so, that is likely to resolve within a quarter or so.
Operator: Up next is Craig Maurer from CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Following up on the earlier question regarding your growth in purchase sales. I want to ask you a question about competition. Bank of America shed roughly $90 billion in card assets since mid-'08. It seems that there are few real winners in this segment. When do you expect the industry itself to start growing again, or are we still going to see just shifts in assets going on for quite a long time? I was just curious.
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, I think the industry is just sort of getting back to where -- if you look at the revolving credit numbers, so they are really just -- they've been now just a few months of where the thing is, essentially flat. So my feel for the industry is that its big days of shrinking are over, but it's going to sort of gradually come back to a modest level of growth. I think the real story is, it's kind of to your earlier point, the opportunity or some of the share change dynamics that go on with different players. And we are finding -- I mean, and I think the striking thing is different players are just taking out different positions. And we are finding in all of the segments that we are investing in -- and that's very similar to where we -- the ones we were focusing on before the great recession, by the way -- we are finding that we are steadily gaining share in those segments. We're also finding that the -- as we project the net present value of our originations, if you kind of add it all up, we do sort of a metric of the NPV of everything we're originating in a year, how does that compare with NPV in prior years. The sort of overall value creation from these things is consistent with some of the strong years in the middle of the decade. So we feel very good about this. But I think the story for Card, for Capital One, is going to be not so much a story about growth, although I think it will be a story of share gain, but most importantly it's going to be a share -- a story of earnings power and consistency. And as such, I think that it's going to be an important driver of shareholder value going forward. I want to also say that in terms of competitive levels and pricing, I think the industry is at a kind of a stable point. It's not really going up, it's not really going down. But I think there's a rationality to it at least, even though the competition is fierce. There's a rationality to it that adds to my confidence that this can be a powerful driver of value for Capital One.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up, do you think that rationale -- rationality applies to reward spending as well, as we've seen those increase dramatically as everybody seems to be targeting the same group?
Richard D. Fairbank: Look, I think you have to catch everyone's attention that everywhere you turn, there's another big investment going on by somebody. Particularly MX, Chase and ourselves are going very hard right at that heavy spender part of the marketplace. Look, it is fiercely competitive, and it's -- these are by far the most expensive accounts to book of anything that we originate. The nice thing is with these -- these are wonderful annuities that have low attrition and fabulous return dynamics, and it's really all about therefore the cost to acquire. But what that also means, Craig, is it something where you don't -- one can see -- we can watch it at the time of origination and really understand the investment that we're making right there on the spot. And while it's very competitive, we like the success that we're getting and we're going to continue doing what we're doing, and I think real value is getting created there.
Operator: That will come from Don Fandetti from Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Yes, Gary, I was wondering if you could, as you look forward to Basel II, if you could talk a little bit about the impact of high-risk weightings on sort of lower credit quality card receivables and what impact that might have on you and if you can quantify it in terms of the RWA inflation?
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, Don, and let me answer the second part of that question first. No, we don't have specific estimates for you at this point in time. Remember that we are only going to become a Basel II bank at the end of this year as a result of our acquisition of ING Direct. That makes that a certainty. Therefore, we'll have a 2-year preparation process prior to going parallel in 2015, and obviously, not actually entering Basel II fully until at least 2016. So it's way early to really try and identify what those numbers might be. Obviously, as we asses our own capital trajectory, we need to make some internal views about what the impact is going to be. Certainly, it should, all else being equal, cause our risk-weighted assets to rise. But as we assess our capital trajectory knowing that Basel II, and of course Basel III are in our future, we also take into account the fact that our own robust internal economic capital models at least are on the same -- running along the same principles as Basel II. Obviously, there are a lot of individual parts and pieces that may affect that. And also, running stress tests as we now do also gives us a sense of what we might expect out of the various kinds of assets that we have. So this is going to be an ongoing journey for us. We'll certainly give you insight when we are able to generate it. It will take quite a bit of time. Let me set your expectations there. But even including the expected increase in risk-weighted assets from Basel II, we take that at least general knowledge of what's ahead when we say that we're going to be on the strong capital generation trajectory even between here and there.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got you. That's helpful. And then lastly, if you could -- has there been any more movement in terms of a potential nomination of an ING member to your board, and if you could just talk a little bit about the lockup of those shares, what your thoughts are?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. So the -- as you know, under ING's ownership stake, they have the right to nominate one member to join our Board of Directors, and we are working through the appointment process now with ING Direct.
Richard D. Fairbank: As far as the lockup itself, Don, goes just to remind you what you probably already know, which is that lockup is in effect until 90 days after closing, which is going to be on or around May 17.
Operator: Moving on to Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: The first is, I'm just trying to make sure I understand correctly your guidance for the 35 basis point lower revenue margin and 75 basis point higher credit loss. I mean, given that it probably at that point will be about 1/3 of the receivables, right? So if you're talking about the ING -- I mean, the HSBC portfolio being in the neighborhood of 100 basis point to 120 basis point lower yielding than your portfolio and losses kind of 200-and-some-odd basis points higher, is that correct?
Gary L. Perlin: Just in terms of the math, Moshe, it's Gary. Certainly, your estimate on the charge-off is about right. I'll normally trust your math on the revenue side as well. So just math-wise, I think you've got it.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And just as a follow-up, the sale, the pro forma has mentioned that you are planning to sell $17 billion of securities from ING. When does or did that happen, and did that include the subinvestment grade, the RMBS securities?
Gary L. Perlin: As far as that goes, Moshe, Gary again, on the -- on what came over from ING Direct, by and large, we have not sold anything, any material amount of the ING Securities portfolio. We did sell several billion, between $5 billion and $10 billion worth of securities out of Capital One's portfolio, you'll remember, starting back in Q3 of 2011. And so we haven't really needed to sell any more securities in order to achieve the necessary liquidity for HSBC. As you can see on the slides, we're already about $32 billion in cash at the end of Q1. And with respect to our future expectations, with respect to balance sheet repositioning, we're integrating the investment -- we have integrated the investment portfolios as of day one between ING Direct and Capital One. We've integrated our overall balance sheet management. And from here on out, we will be optimizing to get kind of the best risk return position consistent with our historically prudent credit and market-risk guidelines. With respect to the very specific question, the subinvestment grade, private mortgage-backed securities that were in the ING Direct portfolio as identified when we announced the deal, obviously, those are paid down somewhat. But by and large, those did come along with the acquisition itself. We have not made any moves with respect to that, but as with all of the assets that came over from ING Direct, those were marked to the fair value when they came over.
Operator: Ryan Nash from Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Hey, Rich, just in terms of the loan growth, I guess down, call it 5.5%, then you recognized there is a lot of seasonality in there. But is there something different in the portfolio that really drove the outsized decrease this quarter? I guess we saw it for everybody in the industry, and is it whether it's just the greater focus on spend you're seeing more volatility imbalances? And also, how much is left in the installment book to run off?
Richard D. Fairbank: Ryan, the -- we had one accelerator -- we had one amplifier of seasonality that we'll have to get used to going forward, which is the Kohl's portfolio and, of course, now we'll have to watch other partnership portfolios. But definitely, bringing Kohl's on added actually materially more outstanding seasonality between Q4 and Q1. I'd have to go study the seasonality of the other -- of the HSBC partnerships, but we'll find out about that. Gary, do you have the Installment Loan number?
Gary L. Perlin: Not off the top of my head. It was several hundred million, but we can certainly get back with a more specific number.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, I'll follow up with Jeff. And just one other clarification. Just in terms of the loan runoff expectation, I didn't get it exactly. Was it that it's going to be $10 billion for -- up through 2Q '13 and then $8 billion after that, was that the amount?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. So it was kind of awkward the way I was describing it because we were trying to be precise on things that started. So when -- basically for the year following when we fully have these, both of these deals on board, which would be there for Q3 through Q2 of the following year. I think what was confusing is I said that Q3 when it's through Q3. But anyway, so for the year, starting Q3 of 2012, the expected runoff would be $10.5 billion and then for the year following that, midyear to midyear again, the year following that, it would be the $8 billion number that I had.
Gary L. Perlin: Ryan, Gary again. Let me just give you some realtime updates there. So my intuition was about right. We had about $360 million of runoff in Installment Loans in the fourth quarter. We got about $1.5 billion left of that.
Operator: Daniel Furtado from Jefferies.
Daniel Furtado - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: You referenced in the first quarter here the absence of $150 million in unique contra-revenue items that were recorded in 4Q. Can you please speak to those, and will these unique items reappear in the near term?
Gary L. Perlin: Dan, the items that were in the fourth quarter that did not recur in the first quarter, the largest of them was a reserve for the U.K. PPI business. We told you that was about $80 million in the fourth quarter. That was a contra-revenue. We also had close to $40 million worth of Rep and Warranty expense in the fourth quarter that hit continuing operations. A lot of it, of course, goes into the disc ops. But your question, of course, is specifically around that. And then there was a very small movement in the ING hedge in the fourth quarter and a few other nits and nats that kind of ended up to about $150 million. By and large, the only one of those that repeated this quarter was a small amount of Rep and Warranty in disc ops, but not large enough to talk about. With respect to the potential for those to show up again in the future, again, the U.K. PPI reserve has grown a couple of times over the last year. That's based on an assumption about consumer behavior over there. We think we obviously have fully reserved for the experience we've seen, and we expect it's conceivable there could be a change but we have no reason to believe that right now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your final question will come from Betsy Graseck from Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's easy, asked and answered. I'm good.
Jeff Norris: Well, in that case, I'd like to thank everybody for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations staff will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Have a good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's teleconference. We thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris -  Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Joel Houck - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division John W. Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President of Global Finance. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Dana, and welcome, everybody, to Capital One's Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2011 results.  With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation.  To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligations to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements.  For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening to the call. Let me provide a few highlights from the quarter and full year on Slide 3. Capital One earned $407 million or $0.88 per share in the fourth quarter of 2011. We saw strength in loan growth and stable revenue. Earnings declined, however, due to increases in non-interest and provision expense, the latter reflecting stabilizing credit trends. There were an unusual number of unique items impacting revenue and operating expense, which I'll review in a moment.  While full year 2011 results also had some noise, they provide a somewhat clearer picture of where we stand as we approach the integration of ING Direct and U.S. Credit Card business of HSBC in the first part of 2012.  After falling in 2010, Capital One loan balances grew by some-8% over the course of 2011, resulting in a constant level of average loans. Interest expense fell by about 30 basis points and margins remained stable. As credit improved, a substantial reduction in provision expense more than offset a significantly increased level of investment in marketing and operations to restart our loan growth engine.  We also accelerated our buildout of top bank infrastructure especially in the second half of 2011 to ensure our readiness to execute on very attractive acquisition opportunities.  Although we expect considerable noise in our 2012 financials from the purchase accounting effects, integration expenses and partial year impacts of these acquisitions, the economics of the deals are compelling and we remain excited about the sustained value creation they will enable. When the deals close, I will be able to provide you with a detailed view of how they are likely to affect our financials this year and beyond. Now let's turn to Slide 4, and I'll focus on the fourth quarter. Capital One earnings per share were $0.88 or $407 million in the fourth quarter compared to $1.77 or $813 million in the third quarter of 2011. The decline in linked quarter earnings was driven by lower pre-provision earnings and increasing provision expense. Revenue in the quarter was down about $100 million or 2%, owing to a few unique items. Linked quarter revenue was negatively impacted as we recorded a very modest increase in our finance charge and fee reserve after an unusually large $83 million release in the FCFR in Q3 of 2011. Q4 revenue was also hit by a further build in reserves to cover higher expected expenses related to past sales of payment protection insurance, or PPI, in our U.K. business. This resulted in a contra-revenue of approximately $81 million.  In addition, non-interest income in Q4 was negatively impacted by a representation of warranty expense of $38 million.  Stripping out these impacts, revenue increased over the third quarter by about 2.5%, in line with average loan growth. Moving to non-interest expenses. They were up quarter-over-quarter due to a seasonal ramp in marketing spend and an increase in operating expenses. The $213 million increase in operating expense recorded in Q4 included $92 million in litigation expenses, 2/3 of which relates to our U.S. Card business. We also had approximately $40 million in asset write-downs and other costs as we rationalize some facilities and equipment, principally related to acquired banking businesses.  The remaining increase in operating expense reflects, in large part, continued investment in growing our businesses and the acceleration in building our top bank infrastructure as we prepare to integrate ING Direct and the U.S. Credit Card business of HSBC. In view of our considerable progress on both these fronts, we expect our run rate operating expenses to remain at a level similar to the run rate of Q4.  Provision expense increased in the quarter. While our outlook for credit performance improved modestly, the growth in loan balances and seasonal effects led to both a lower allowance release than in Q3 and a tick-up in charge-off dollars. Turning to Slide 5. Let's take a quick look at balances and margin highlights. End-of-period loan balances grew in the quarter by almost $6 billion or 5%, reflecting growth in our Domestic Card, Commercial Lending and Auto Finance businesses. Average loans were up by $2.5 billion, as much of that quarterly balance growth was concentrated in the last few weeks of the year. Net interest margin declined 17 basis points in the quarter to 7.22%. Benefiting the NIM was a shift from cash to loans and a reduction in funding costs attributable to lower deposit rates. However, these benefits were more than offset by a decline in loan yields, driven largely by onetime effects, such as the absence of a large finance charge and fee reserve release, which benefited Q3 interest income. Turning to Slide 6. Let's take a closer look at year-over-year performance. Strong and stable margin performance and a significant credit improvement led to a 7% increase in net income from continuing operations between 2010 and 2011. On a total company basis, earnings rose by 15%.  Pre-provision earnings decreased in 2011 as non-interest expenses grew. Emerging from the recession, we invested in additional marketing in the rollout of new product offerings across our businesses. We also made significant progress in the buildout of our top bank infrastructure.  A substantial improvement in credit led to a 40% decline in provision expense in 2011. Charge-offs fell dramatically, the effect of which was somewhat offset by the lower level of allowance release as we see credits stabilize at historically strong levels. And we returned to loan growth in 2011 with an 8% increase in end-of-period loans. As expected, the majority of that loan growth came in the back half of 2011, which resulted in average loans being largely flat year-over-year. Moving to Slide 7. The strong loan growth at the end of the fourth quarter also had an impact on risk-weighted assets and related capital ratios.  Despite an increase of $500 million in Tier 1 common equity, our Tier 1 common ratio decreased 30 basis points in the quarter to 9.7%, using Basel I definitions. Using known Basel III definitions, our Tier 1 common ratio would be approximately 10 basis points higher than that. Over the course of 2011, we generated substantial amounts of capital by retaining $3.2 billion of earnings and recapturing $700 million of deferred tax assets previously disallowed in the calculation of regulatory capital. Our Tier 1 common ratio rose 90 basis points in 2011 despite a 22% increase in risk-weighted assets. We continue to be comfortable with our strong capital levels and our capacity to generate healthy amounts of capital going forward. In the near term, closing the ING Direct acquisition and related capital transactions will cause our Tier 1 common ratio to rise. We still expect that our Tier 1 common ratio will be in the mid-9% range in the quarter we close on HSBC and complete the necessary capital actions. With that, I will hand the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 8 with a look at loan volumes. Domestic Card loan balances grew just under $3 billion or 5% in the quarter and for the full year. Fourth quarter growth was driven by seasonal spending and balance building on our growing account base.  Growth for the year resulted largely from the addition of the Kohl's private label partnership, as well as a return to modest growth with normal seasonal patterns in our general purpose card business in the second half of the year.  The expected runoff of Installment Loans was a drag on Domestic Card loan growth of about $400 million per quarter in 2011. Excluding the Installment Loan runoff, our Domestic Credit Card loans grew by a more robust $4.7 billion or about 9% for the full year. Beyond loan growth, there are continuing signs of traction in our Domestic Card business. New accounts booked in the fourth quarter of 2011 were more than double the new accounts booked in the fourth quarter of 2010, and growth in our purchase volume outpaced the industry in 2011. Fourth quarter 2011 purchase volume grew 15% from the fourth quarter of 2010 excluding purchase volumes in the Kohl's portfolio.  Fourth quarter Domestic Card revenue grew 5% from the fourth quarter of 2010, driven by seasonal growth in loans, strong purchase volumes and stable margins. The Domestic Card business posted $2.3 billion in net income in 2011, driven by significant credit improvement, the return to modest loan growth and stable margins. In addition to the continuing traction in our current Card business, we expect to close the acquisition of the HSBC U.S. Card business in the second quarter. We expect to acquire HSBC's portfolio, resilient card loans with strong returns, and the acquisition will also greatly enhance our partnership's business and capabilities. After the initial increase in loan volumes, the acquisition may mute our Domestic Card growth trajectory somewhat because of the expected runoff of portions of the HSBC portfolio.  In Consumer Banking, loan balances were up modestly, as strong growth in Auto loans was partially offset by expected runoff of the Mortgage portfolio. Auto Finance originations were $3.6 billion, up 5% from the third quarter and 62% from the fourth quarter of 2010. Auto Loan balances at the end of 2011 were $22 billion, up 22% from the prior year. We expect that Auto originations will remain strong and drive continuing growth in Auto loans.  We continue to gain traction in consumer deposits as well. Deposits grew 7% from the prior year while interest expense improved by 29 basis points. Deposit growth in the fourth quarter was essentially flat. The Consumer Banking business delivered $810 million in net income in 2011, driven by the strong performance of the Auto Finance business and growth in deposits with improving interest expense rates.  We expect to complete the ING Direct acquisition in the first quarter. This acquisition will have a significant impact on Consumer Banking loan and deposit growth trajectories. We expect that sizable runoff of the ING Mortgage portfolio and the continuing runoff of our legacy Mortgage portfolio will more than offset the growth in Auto loans, driving a declining trend in Consumer Banking loan volumes. Mortgage portfolio runoff is expected to mute total company loan growth rates as well. With the acquisition expected to add $80 billion in deposits with attractive all-in costs, our Consumer Deposit businesses are shifting their emphasis toward solidifying franchise-building customer relationships and realizing the financial benefits of the ING Direct acquisition. The deposit volume trends in the fourth quarter of 2011 reflect this evolution in our deposit strategy in anticipation of the ING Direct acquisition. Our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of steady loan growth. Ending loans were up 5% from the prior quarter and up 14% from the fourth quarter of 2010. Growth in loan commitments, an early indicator of future loan growth, was even stronger. We're targeting in achieving the strongest growth in those areas in which we built specialized expertise and capabilities, including rent control, multifamily real estate in Metro New York City and selected middle-market industry segments, such as energy and commercial finance. Commercial deposits grew 5% in the quarter and 17% year-over-year with modest improvements in interest expense. The combination of improving credit and growth in loan and deposit volumes drove 2011 net income of $533 million in our Commercial Banking business. The growth we're delivering today continues to focus on franchise-building customer relationships and accounts all over Capital One. These include rewards customers and new partnerships in our Domestic Card business, Commercial Banking customers and deposit customers and Auto dealer relationships in our Consumer Banking business.  While loan balances and revenues from these customers ramp up gradually over time, we expect the growth of these franchise-building customer relationships to drive strong and sustain bottom line earnings and capital generation through sustainably lower charge-off levels, low attrition and long annuity-like revenue streams that build gradually but stick around for years.  Slide 9 shows the credit results across our Consumer businesses are stabilizing at relatively strong levels and exhibiting expected seasonal patterns.  Domestic Card charge-off rate increased 15 basis points in the quarter, consistent with expected seasonal patterns. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2010, charge-off rate improved by over 300 basis points, resulting from the significant cyclical credit improvements we experienced in 2011.  The delinquency rate as of December 31 was essentially flat from the prior quarter at 3.66%. The delinquency rate improved 43 basis points from the end of 2010. We expect the Domestic Card credit metrics will continue to follow normal seasonal patterns in 2012. In our Consumer Banking business, the charge-off rate in the Home Loans portfolio increased 37 basis points in the quarter. As we discussed last quarter, we moved a portion of our mortgage loans from third-party servicers onto our own platforms. The quarterly increase in charge-off rate resulted from updated property values on these loans. This is a onetime impact that is not expected to impact charge-off rates going forward.  Compared to the prior year quarter, the Home Loans charge-off rate was flat. Home Loan delinquency rate increased modestly in the quarter and year-over-year but remains very low at just under 1%.  For the approximately $5 billion of Home Loans that were marked at acquisition, actual credit performance since the acquisition has been better than the assumptions in the original credit marks, keeping our reported credit metrics very low.  In the Auto Finance business, charge-off rate and delinquency rate increased in the quarter, consistent with expected seasonal patterns.  As you can see in the year-over-year improvements in both charge-offs and delinquencies, Auto Finance credit performance remains strong with the most recent originations continuing to perform better than originations from 2007 and 2008.  Strong credit performance continues to reflect the actions we took to retrench and reposition the business, tighten underwriting and loss mitigation actions through the recession and continued strength in used car auction prices.  We believe we reached the cyclical low point for Auto Finance charge-offs, and seasonal patterns will drive quarterly credit trends in 2012. The choices we made in underwriting and managing our businesses through the Great Recession continue to drive strong credit performance. We made tough choices to tighten underwriting, focus only on the most resilient businesses and aggressively manage and mitigate credit losses. As a result, our internal portfolio of credit metrics remain strong with normal seasonality re-emerging after a long period of cyclical improvement. Slide 10 shows credit results for our Commercial Banking business. The nonperforming asset rate for the Commercial Banking segment improved in the quarter despite an uptick in the NPA rate in our runoff Small-Ticket CRE portfolio.  The Commercial Banking NPA rate improved 38 basis points in the quarter and 63 basis points year-over-year. Excluding Small-Ticket CRE, nonperforming asset rates improved across our Commercial Lending businesses as we continue to see a slower flow rate into nonperforming loans.  The charge-off rate for the Commercial Banking segment was 63 basis points, down 80 basis points from the same quarter last year. Excluding the runoff Small-Ticket CRE portfolio, the charge-off rate in our core Commercial Lending businesses was 47 basis points in the quarter, an improvement of 53 basis points from the prior year.  Commercial Lending charge-offs were up 20 basis points from the third quarter, driven by a small number of impaired CRE loans related to a single troubled relationship. We had reserved for these loans in the prior quarters, so these charges did not have a significant P&L impact in the fourth quarter. The slower flow rate into NPL and stable property values are driving lower charge-offs.  Commercial Banking credit metrics have stabilized and improved over the last 6 quarters. We expect continuing strength in commercial credit with some quarterly choppiness in commercial charge-offs and nonperformers. I'll close tonight on Slide 11. In 2011, Capital One delivered strong and stable margins and revenues. The bottom line benefit of significant credit improvement offset an increase in non-interest expenses.  We gained strong momentum in loan growth in our Auto Finance and Commercial Banking businesses. And in our Domestic Card business, we returned to a modest growth trajectory with more normal seasonal patterns. We grew deposits with improved interest expense rate.  Taken together, these trends produce strong underlying profitability across each of our 3 business segments and for Capital One as a whole. And we sustained and improved the strength and resilience of our balance sheet. We put ourselves in a strong position to act on 2 game-changing acquisitions with significant strategic upside and attractive economics.  Fourth quarter results were somewhat noisy with several unique items and continuing growth in non-interest expenses even after adjusting for unique items. Let's pull up and talk for a moment about the growth in expenses, what we're getting in return and why we believe that the growth trend in expenses will not continue. The increasing trend in non-interest expenses in 2011 resulted from choices we made to build our infrastructure, ensure that we're ready to integrate significant acquisitions and to prime the pump to restart growth.  We've made significant investments in our infrastructure in 2011. We became a top 10 bank by acquiring and integrating 3 great local banking franchises. But none of the franchises we acquired had an infrastructure appropriate for a top 10 bank, let alone the top 5 bank we're set to become with the expected completion of our announced acquisitions. Therefore, we've been investing to build an infrastructure that's commensurate with the size, complexity and growth potential of the top 5 bank we'll soon become. In 2011, we also made significant investments to restart growth across our lending businesses after a long period of cyclical declines in loan volumes.  In our Card business, the natural cyclical decline in loans provided significant resilience through the downturn, but also now requires investments to prime the pump to restart growth coming out of the downturn. We ramped up marketing and bolstered operating infrastructure for new private label and partnership growth platforms in our Card business. We rolled out several successful new products including Venture, Cash and Spark cards. And we launched and ramped up new partnerships with Kohl's and Sony in the U.S. and Hudson's Bay Company and Delta Airlines in Canada.  In our Auto Finance business. We grew our sales force and enhanced our capabilities to build deep relationships with auto dealers, and we invested in infrastructure to attract and serve primary banking relationships in our Commercial Banking business. We're seeing these investments gain traction in the growth in franchise-building customer relationships across our businesses. In Domestic Card, we return to modest growth with expected seasonal patterns in the second half of 2011. Growth trends in purchase volumes and new accounts are even stronger. New account growth is a leading indicator of future growth in loans and revenues as spending and balances build on these accounts over time. Our Auto loan originations are at a run rate of about $14 billion annually and Auto loans and revenues are growing as well. And our Commercial Banking business continues to grow loans, deposits and revenues as we attract new customers and deepen relationships with existing customers.  For the full year, we posted growth in ending loan balances of 9% in Domestic credit cards, excluding Installment Loan runoff, 22% in our Auto Finance business and 14% in Commercial Banking.  As we enter 2012, we expect noise in our results, driven by significant purchase accounting impacts, ramp up of integration expenses and partial year impacts on nearly all P&L line items as we complete our announced acquisitions.  Looking beyond the noise, we expect continuing strength in our legacy businesses. We expect that our Domestic Card business will continue to post strong returns and modest underlying growth with seasonal patterns. In our Auto Finance business, we expect the strong 2011 trajectory in loans and revenues will continue. And we expect our Commercial business to continue the strong and steady performance trends it delivered throughout 2011. Even as these businesses grow, we expect to hold run rate operating expenses to a level similar to the fourth quarter of 2011 because we've made significant progress on our infrastructure build and we're ready to begin the sure-footed integrations of 2 highly attractive acquisitions.  We believe 2011 annual marketing expense is roughly in equilibrium given the opportunities we see today in our legacy business. The growth trends we've seen in 2011 show that priming the pump has already taken hold. While these legacy trends will not be visible as a result of the expected acquisitions, they will remain an important part of how we deliver value in 2012 and over the long term. In addition to the legacy trends, we expect to add significant new customer relationships, loans and deposits when we close our announced acquisitions. We expect to close the ING Direct acquisition in the fourth quarter and to close the acquisition of HSBC U.S. Card business in the second quarter. We continue to expect that the combination of both acquisitions will deliver compelling financial performance in the near term and over time. We remain on track to achieve the expected acquisition synergies and earnings accretion in 2013. And we expect that the acquisitions will be accretive to Capital One's long-term returns and capital generation as well. The choices we made and the results we've delivered in 2011 put us in an even stronger position to deliver and sustain shareholder value through growth potential, strong returns and strong capital generation.  With that, Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions] Dana, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go first to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I have 2 questions. I think I'll try to hit them first, and then you guys can answer them. I just wanted to drill down on that expense discussion a little bit more. And I just wanted to be clear on some of the numbers. When you guys talked about the fourth quarter run rate being the approximation of what we'll see in 2012, you're probably talking about that x the onetime item. So when we think about operating expense, it's somewhere in the neighborhood of $2 billion. And then just on the marketing dollar spent this year, I mean basically you're saying it's equivalent in 2012 relative to 2011. And then maybe if you could just talk about how we should consider it out to 2013 with the combined entities in place. And then just on some of the onetime items, I wasn't clear, is that PPI -- I'm sorry, the protection insurance charge kind of onetime, all else equal, if nothing changes from a collection standpoint? And then just on the uncollectible fees and finance charges, I recall we talked about this last time and it would -- and we thought -- I thought it would be that it would trend with credit quality. And it seemed to have gone up despite the fact that credit improved, so I just wanted some clarity on that.
Gary L. Perlin: Okay, Sanjay. It's Gary. Why don't I just clarify some of the numbers for you, and then I'll hand it over to Rich to perhaps take up the marketing question and anything else you may want to follow-up on. So specifically, with respect to fourth quarter run rate, you are correct, we would simply back out the onetimers. And with a total operating expense in the quarter of about $2.2 billion, I described about $150 million of unique items in the expense line, not exactly that number but good enough, about $92 million in litigation expense, about $40 million in some asset write-downs and other costs. And in fact, some of the U.K. PPI even hit the expense line item as well. So I think if you were in the, say, $2 billion, $2.50 billion kind of ballpark, I think that would be an appropriate understanding of what we consider to be a run rate. As long as I'm on the topic of the onetimers, let me just speak quickly to the U.K. PPI and what happened in our finance charge and fee reserves. So with respect to the U.K. PPI, you may remember this from the second quarter of last year where some new retrospective regulatory requirements had come in that enables consumers to see compensation for PPI that was sold in certain years. With respect to certain products, that included both ILs that were originated by Capital One in the U.K. as well as the company that we acquired, as well as some credit card products as well. We built a reserve back when those requirements came in based on our estimate of what our claims experience and redress costs would be. Now that it's been a couple of quarters, we have had increased volumes of complaints driven by, I guess, what we would consider to be both media and regulator comments in the area. And so we had to increase our reserve based on the fact that we now believe it's probable that we'll have a higher rate of claims. So I can't say exactly what's going to happen. It's obviously, like all of our estimates, our best view of what's probable and estimable, but it is certainly consistent with the experience that we have seen to date. Most of that shows up as a contra-revenue, either in net interest income or non-interest income depending on the nature of the refunds. There's also a small amount that hits operating expense. But what we've done now is to kind of bring it up to the level that we think is appropriate. Finally, on the finance charge and fee reserve, levels or the level of suppression, Sanjay, I would say the change in the quarter was effectively nil. It was a $3 million or $4 million increase to the reserve. As I indicated last time, when we made the onetime change, about $80-some-odd million in Q3, that was to get us to what we thought was a more appropriate estimate of uncollectible fees and finance charges, a couple million either way in any given quarter. I wouldn't read any trend in that. So I think what we said was you'll basically see suppression be reflecting the actual reversals and recoveries without much change in the reserve. And that's just what happened.
Richard D. Fairbank: And Sanjay, this is Rich, just to comment to your question about marketing. We always manage marketing really to the size of the opportunities that we see available, and that would be no different going forward. The reason for my comment here was to draw a distinction between what I've said over the past year or 2, where I've said as we go from the significantly retracted state that we were through the Great Recession and start to now invest in testing and over time, rolling out programs, there you will see a continual build of marketing. And that build will often will inherently be in advance of some of the benefits that come from that. My point is really that we've kind of -- we're now kind of rolling out those programs. I think the level of marketing represents kind of an equilibrium. Now if we see more opportunity out there going forward or if we see less, we will adjust accordingly. But it's just the real sense in the sense that -- I mean the pump is in many ways kind of primed after quite a lot of quarters at work on this. And I sense, you can feel the -- we're pretty optimistic about the traction we're getting in our programs across the company certainly. But my point here on marketing is especially credit card related, but I think we're kind of in our stride at this point, and I think that will continue.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I think people are still struggling with the expenses just solely, I guess at least based on the number of questions I'm getting. And maybe if you could just clarify again these $2.05 billion base, one would be the comment in the press release that you're ensuring readiness to execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. Is that referencing ING and HSBC? Or are you talking about further acquisitions? And then two, how does that $2.05 billion base change as the deals fold in? I think people are struggling to figure out if some of these kind of pulling forward expenses for those deals? Or do we still just take the expense base of HSBC and ING and add them on top of the $2.05 billion?
Gary L. Perlin: It's Gary. I appreciate the question, the opportunity to go a little deeper. So as I said to Sanjay, first thing we need to do is take out the onetimers. I mean over the course of 2011, we had a bunch of unique items in expense, and it was unusually high in the quarter. So that's why I kind of took those off the top. The increase in expenses that has occurred, and again, if you kind of take away a lot of these other expenses, the unique ones, what you'll see is we've had a pretty steady growth in our salaries and benefits. You'll see in the results this quarter that we had about a $60-some-odd million increase there. And as Rich and I have said, those investments are of 2 kinds, one certainly is supporting the rollout of new products and the growth in our businesses which, of course, also carries some marketing expense. On the infrastructure side, Brian, let me kind of clarify the kinds of things we're talking about there. So for example, we were long on our way to becoming a mandatory Basel II bank. With ING Direct, we will trigger that, and so we need to move quickly to make sure that Capital One is ready for that, just in terms of the size and greater diversification of our balance sheet, which brings both some risk management responsibilities, but also some opportunities, quite frankly, to generate more returns by good balance sheet management. So we're bulking up on that and, of course, we are already positioning ourselves for the acquisitions as a result of that. The third area, probably much bigger than the other 2 in terms of dollars. If you think about the IT and sales and servicing infrastructure that we need to have as a company, not for individual products, but with the 2 acquisitions we're talking about, and yes, the point in the press release was referring to these 2 large transactions, we're going to be adding tens of millions of new customers, increasing our overall customer account base by more than 1/3. The infrastructure required for something that big and that complex is something we would -- have been building over time. We've accelerated some of these efforts simply to make sure that we're ready, not only to be able to integrate well but also to make sure we generate the opportunities that both of these acquisitions bring with them. I would not at this moment suggest that the integration expenses or synergies that we expected out of the 2 deals will have changed dramatically, because so many of those are unique to the franchises that we're buying. So I wouldn't consider this to be a pull forward as some of those expenses. But I'd say, it's an acceleration of where we as a top 5 bank, as Rich described, simply need to be, and we would have been there anyway, we've just moved a little faster. And so we certainly are raring to go and looking forward to integrating these acquisitions, and we're just going to have a more robust infrastructure, which is something that we and all big banks are going to need going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So a little bit of a follow-up on the last question. You're readying for the integration. And the first question is, how far through the preparedness would you say you are at this stage? How many more quarters of investment spend should we expect to be fully ready to bring on the deals?
Richard D. Fairbank: Betsy, I think kind of the point of our comment that the run rate that you see in the fourth quarter is reflective of the run rate that we see out in '12 and '13 on legacy Capital One, it sort of definitionally implies that we're not building off that run rate from here. So of course, soon there's going to be noise on those numbers as we bring forward, bring the acquisitions into the company. But that is exactly our point that this build has been very sizable, frankly, in the quarter before this and this quarter. And we're at a level that that's going to be our run rate for an extended period of time.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, are the regulators waiting for any of this buildout to occur in order to approve the deals? Is there any checklist with regard to Basel II readiness that you have to supply to them?
Richard D. Fairbank: No, this is just our own preparedness.
Operator: We'll go next to John Stilmar with SunTrust.
John W. Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Just real quick question, and I hate to go back on expenses. Gary, if I could just be crystal clear of my understanding, $2.050 billion in expenses plus the dollar expenses from 2 acquisitions, also then taking into account the synergies that you expect to have, that's what's you're guiding us towards in terms of an expense base of Capital One legacy plus the 2 acquisitions together, ultimately when we kind of get through the other side, is that really the message you're trying to send?
Gary L. Perlin: That's the message, John. Effectively, we are talking about the condition of Capital One as we enter a period of time of obviously intense integration activity. And so needless to say, we're going to be looking to introduce some sure-footed integrations. There will be some integration expenses. I'm sure those estimates will change as we get into the process. We'll bring you up to speed on those. It seems premature for us to assume any changes there. And then we believe there are going to be some synergy opportunities to take run rate expense out of the combined companies going forward and especially given our knowledge and experience in both of these businesses. So I think you got the message exactly right.
John W. Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then just a follow-up. Rich, in terms of the comments that you made around the Consumer Banking segment itself, in which the runoff of Mortgages was going to be offset a little bit by the growth in Auto, but you guided us towards, I believe, a lower overall balance for 2012. One, can you confirm that goes over that again? And two, how should we be thinking about the yield in that segment? Because I would imagine that some of those mortgages have a pretty high yield given where you bought them and took the mark. And how should we think about the transition and the mix of those businesses together, both on a balance and a revenue perspective?
Richard D. Fairbank: John, yes, I mean we really -- the segment, interestingly, is a blend of something that's in pretty ferocious runoff mode and another that's in pretty ferocious building mode. So I think that I just -- we just wanted to point out that while some of the core businesses we're investing in are -- have a lot of growth trajectory, mortgage runoff is going to be a word we're going to spend a lot of time talking about because we have this runoff in this segment now added to the some -- a very big runoff portfolio that we're going to be picking up on the ING side. So Gary, you want to comment on the yield dynamics including the mark?
Gary L. Perlin: Again, before you go there, Rich, just that I think John, to clarify, Rich was talking about the growth trajectory, not the sort of balances. So think about it as the legacy Mortgage portfolio runoff partially offsetting the growth in Auto. That's the trend we've seen in '11. That trend probably will continue, then we'll add ING mortgages with the acquisition. And that will be a much bigger portfolio, but then the trajectory will be sort of modestly downward because that will sort of double down on the runoff piece so that the Auto growth probably won't fully offset that.
Richard D. Fairbank: And with respect to the future yield dynamics there, John, needless to say, there will be a significant purchase accounting impact on those mortgage loans. We'll be getting it into greater details as we close and know the fair value and so forth, but there will be the impact of some accretable yields in those ING mortgage loans that will get accounted for under SOP 03-3, so there will be some yield impact going forward. The other thing to remember about the ING Mortgage portfolio, like a large percentage of our existing Mortgage portfolio, that was also acquired from our previous transactions. We will take a credit mark, so there should be relatively a little charge-offs there. So the dynamics of the segment and of the product will change to the extent these numbers are big and material. We will spell them out for you as we go.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A question on expenses. I know it's been beaten up a little bit here, but last quarter I believe you were pretty clear that expenses will be flat sequentially. And I was wondering, with some of the investment spending you did in the fourth quarter above and beyond to the onetimers, just opportunities in the market, and it seems to be on TV a lot, has that been a big part of the growth in expenses in your marketing budget? And a related question, can you talk a little more about some of the market share gains? It seems like you're moving up market in your brand message with the double miles and really trying to target the transactors. Is that really, I think, part and partial to the increase in purchase volume you're seeing? Do you feel like you're getting follow through in that spending?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, Chris, Gary again. So indeed, we were at just under $2 billion in operating expense at the end of our -- in Q3. Around $2.2 billion in Q4. I've identified $150 million or thereabouts of unique items. Fourth quarter, sometimes we get a little extra boost to expense. There's a lot of things find their way to the expenses as well. Is it slightly faster growth in expense than we might have anticipated? Perhaps. But again, we've had better business growth opportunities and we're certainly trying to get ahead of what's common, not just because of the acquisitions, but the higher regulatory expectations all around. So I don't think we're far off of what we were expecting, at least on the operating expense line. If you go back to the marketing line, there was $100 million or about 1/3 increase from Q3 to Q4. We don't -- I certainly wouldn't consider that to be an unusual quarter-to-quarter move based on the opportunities, especially knowing the historical trend towards higher marketing expense in the fourth quarter. But as far as what that means going forward, Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Chris. On the market share, again first of all, I think as we look across our big businesses, I think we're gaining share in Commercial. We're significantly gaining share in Auto. And by our tally, we're gaining share in the Card business as well. And I think we're gaining share in the Card business across several categories, including purchase volume originations and loan growth. Now some of these, the metrics are a little bit soft, so it's a little bit of imagination required in interpreting some of the numbers that we collect. But I mean you can see the very strong numbers that are coming on the purchase side -- purchase volume side. And Chris, you are correct, this is pretty directly coming from the big push that we have been making for some time in the heavy spender, really top of the market in credit cards. It's a very competitive space obviously, but we believe that our products and our marketing approach can and in fact -- can be and in fact is being very successful in that space. And you've seen that we've now got 3 launches out there with -- in addition to the Venture card. We also now have our Cash card. And we just recently launched a Small Business card as well. So all of these -- I mean some of these are kind of early days still, but there's good response there and the needle is really moving on purchase volume and of all the purchases going on in our portfolio because there's kind of a migration toward transactor gradually and a little away from the heavy revolving, that is a greater share of that purchase volume is coming on the rewards. The best way to think, though, about Capital One and our marketing is, a little bit to phrase, the more things change, the more they stay the same. We -- because we had a pretty resilient experience through the recession, we are pretty much doing what we did before. Now it's obviously informed and enhanced by everything that we've learned in the recession. And the competitive dynamics in each of the segments have also been kind of changing as well, and of course, you have the overlay of the CARD Act. But with respect to Capital One, I think that the real word is really continuity. And pretty much all the segments, where we were playing before and gaining share before, we are doing pretty much the same thing now with very similar approaches. Some of the places where we have been cautious and especially in the big, big line heavy revolving prime revolver space, we continue to probably lose share at the margin in that space because we worry about resilience in some of those segments. But overall, I think what is clear to us is that, and I've been saying this quarter-after-quarter, you kind of probably could detect the, I would say, each quarter look, not too much to write home yet about but I can just feel the traction growing in the Card business, and we certainly see that this quarter as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Rich, I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about recoveries in the Card business in terms of the outlook. I mean, obviously, the pool shrinks as you come out of a downturn, but there's been some talk about whether it's legal or regulatory issues. Do you foresee any problems in the industry around that?
Richard D. Fairbank: So with -- yes, you make a good point on recoveries by the way. Just first of all, the recovery numbers. Recovery dollars have been coming down at Capital One. And it's a cyclical thing. It's just a mass of a shrinking inventory of fresh charge-offs against which to recover. And we still -- our recovery rates still are coming in strong, but it's on a smaller base. And so in a way, it's a flip side of the good news that's going on out there. There's a lot of noise in every credit product, an incredible amount of noise about the collections area. And certainly, the scrutiny of credit card is certainly in that category. And we have put a huge amount of work over the years to make sure that we have very rigorous and buttoned down, disciplined collections processes. And I feel -- I think we feel good about where we are. We have seen some changes out there. I know that it appears that one of our competitors changed their practices in how they do collect, how they prosecute collections and so on. I'm not sure what was behind that one. We are continuing to use the same collections practices that we have and just work to be very sure that we are very, very buttoned down in every aspect of what we do.
Operator: We'll go next to Joel Houck with Wells Fargo.
Joel Houck - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It looks like the last couple of years, your return on tangible equity has been close to 20%. Obviously, there's a lot of reserve release in those numbers. So if you could kind of look forward, I mean how you look at the business, obviously assuming there's not another recession, with normalized reserves, is it close to a kind of a 15% return on tangible equity? Or do you think with the synergies you're getting from these 2 large acquisitions that you can get close to the 20% area?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, Joel, I mean I'm pretty optimistic about what we -- what I think we can produce when all the dust settles from all the dust storms that we live through. But the way I look at Capital One is that we have worked very hard to put ourselves in the position to have very competitive scale positions in the key businesses that we're in, and when I -- and to massively build, as we've done for 23 years, a very rigorous net present value discipline that frankly looks for well above hurdle rate returns. When I pull up on this and look at our Card business, while it's an industry that certainly had a lot of pressure on it, I think we feel very good about the ability to continue to generate significantly above -- well, well above hurdle rate returns in that business even though I've often said, "Look, I think net-net from all the effects that are going on, they are a little down, probably off of our historical levels, but still well above hurdle rate." In the Auto business, we have generated a very profitable, successful operation there. And in Commercial business, you've kind of seen some of the numbers that we have here -- there. So when I pull it all together and then, Joel, look at the acquisitions that -- and the value-creation opportunity here, I believe that our positioning in the marketplace should be the company that can generate at the high end of industry return levels. And even as profit pressures are pulling down returns in banking overall, I like our chances to be at the high end of the return on tangible equity metrics when the dust settles for this company.
Operator: We'll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Wondering, Gary, could you just update us on what you expect to need in a way of additional capital for HSBC? Is that smaller than you thought before? And then sort of a follow-up to Joel's question, could -- Rich, could you speak a little more to your comment on Slide 11, just how we should or how you will be measuring the strong returns qualitatively? And so you're investing for high returns, but when do those show up in reported earnings as you keep investing?
Gary L. Perlin: Sure, David. Very quickly, I really don't have much of a change to our outlook for the capital that we would add for the purposes of capitalizing the HSBC portfolio. We have the same target that we've had since we announced the deal, which is to be in that mid-9% range in Tier 1 common in the quarter that we closed. I have no reason at this point to suggest any change in the previously announced estimate of $1.25 billion of capital. But there's lots of moving pieces. One of them that we'll be able to fix over the coming period of time here is any effect from closing ING, the purchase accounting related to ING, the capital transactions, the balance sheet management actions that we've taken, and so we'll just have to keep you posted on what that final outcome will be. But I'll just go back to where we started on the deals, which is there's a wide range of capital required for these deals, under which we would find both of them to be and together to be very attractive. So we'll be able to get to that. And as I hand it over to Rich, just thinking about this question of returns, I think if you survey all the banks as to what kind of equity requirements are going to be out there, I think it's going to be a pretty big part of the equation in terms of what that return on equity will be. But we'll obviously be learning about that over the course of the next couple of years. The key here is the returns will be good, and that's what Rich was talking about.
Richard D. Fairbank: David, we are very focused on delivering what, the term I use is, destination economics. And we have worked very hard to get our company to competitively a very good state, and I think strategically are in a place where I've said we don't need to go to a different place to be able to compete and generate the returns that we need. So we're working, we're very focused on generating destination economics. We have had to build. There's been pump priming over the last year to 1.5 years, and we're more -- we now are kind of hitting our stride in terms of the growth opportunities. There's still a coiled spring in terms of the balance build on some of the accounts we're building, but we're pretty much hitting our stride there. Our point about expenses here is even as you look at the sizable run rate kind of expense after onetimers expense build in the last couple of quarters, our point is really to say that don't take that line and go extrapolate that thing upward. That is really a -- there's a story behind that expense build, but think much more that's sustainable from where we are. So the other thing that's a little delayed gratification, of course, is the 2 big acquisitions that we've done and that's going to create a lot of noise but we are very focused on as soon as we can to work to drive great financial return out of these acquisitions, because that value creation is there, and we are committed to delivering on it.  Now along the way, we'll keep our eye out for unique acquisitions that could come along. But frankly on the acquisition front, we're not really trying to go anywhere. And frankly, our focus is really on the deals that we have, not on the deals that could be. So we are very focused on destination economics. And we are -- and we believe strategically, we're in a great place in order to deliver that.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Two little things. One is the Auto delinquency rate on Page 9 of the handout. I mean it looks like it's gone up a lot this quarter, and that's also been the most rapidly growing portfolio. So I just wanted to confirm that you said basically, this is just the seasonal impact you see. This is not -- is this -- is the delinquency experience in any way out of the bands of what you would normally expect after you've grown the portfolio the way you had?
Richard D. Fairbank: The Auto delinquency -- first of all, I want to say, Auto delinquency itself is a poor -- we have learned to -- that it's not a very good predictor, frankly, of losses in general, but -- unlike the credit card business. But that said, all the credit performance that you see in our Auto business is entirely seasonal. We are at an extraordinarily kind of low point in the kind of long, long view of Auto in terms of just how good this industry's credit performance is. And I think it's a reasonable thing to do to expect industry losses to -- probably to migrate up a bit from here. That's partially offset by some of the growth opportunities that we have at Capital One, and we're doing quite a bit of growth in the prime space with -- and that's helping pull down the losses. But overall, we are seeing very good results from our recent vintages, really from the whole portfolio now that's had such an extraordinarily strong -- looking from a credit point of view. We're at the point now that given the average life in autos like 2.5 years, you're looking at the last couple of years of auto originations and their extremely strong credit performance. And the credit results are really at this point just seasonal effects that you're observing.
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I hate to go back to the expenses, but it sort of looks like you're a little under $2 billion in the third quarter before marketing, if you're saying $2.50 billion. I guess that seems like there's about $65 million a quarter, that $250 million kind of round numbers sort of run rate of annualized expenses that relate to the set of new projects, I guess, that we didn't really know about before. Is it fair to say that that's kind of in the neighborhood of 5% or 6% kind of off the accretion of those deals? Is that what caused you to need to make those investments? I mean am I interpreting that right? Or is there something else that we -- some other way we should be thinking about that?
Gary L. Perlin: Moshe, it's Gary. I mean, again, if you take a look at what's been underlying some of the expense growth, you'll see that we have had considerable growth in our level of employment. Some of that is just some acquisitions like the Hudson's Bay Company. Some of them are in-sourcing and on-shoring, some other roles as well. But we had a significant increase in the third quarter in our hiring of net jobs. And obviously, that kind of goes into Q4 as well. I think the issue just to be clear, not to try and focus on the semantics, but to make sure that the understanding is absolutely clear, again, I think if you would look at any bank that is growing in the way that we are, Rich described it kind of going from top 10 to top 5, the bar is being raised in terms of expectations on the controls and management and regulatory interactions that take place. We think these are things that would have happened even with organic growth. They may be happening a little faster than that because of the growth and the size of our balance sheet along with the acquisitions. We were not in a position in looking at those deals to include in those deal numbers things that are really all about infrastructure of a company. So again, what I'd say is we're accelerating a little bit of the expense. But rather than thinking about it as specifically deal related, I would think about it as what does it take to be well positioned, well controlled, prepared for opportunities when you're going to have tens of millions of additional customers and what kind of support you need for that. That is something that we would have been building over time. We're building it a little faster. So that's why it's hard to link some of our preparatory work here, which is really just about being a bigger and better bank, and attribute that to individual deals other than the timing. And I think that the timing of this has been accelerated from what it might have been, which is why, you've seen it in a couple of quarters in a row but -- which you've heard Rich and me saying is that we've made really good progress. Certainly, will we look for better synergies as we go forward? Absolutely. But I think if you take a look at what's going to be required of any top 5 bank, we intend to be there. We're just getting there a little faster, and that's where it's coming from.
Operator: And we'll take our final question today from Bob Napoli with William Blair & Company.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a follow-up on the Auto business. Some of your big competitors, Wells and JPMorgan, their growth in Auto, and Wells pointed out a lot more competition coming in online in the fourth quarter. I think we've seen a fair amount of private equity come in to the Auto business over the past year. Should we expect to see that business, the growth rate for Auto slow down? And I mean are you seeing the same competitive pressures that Wells in particular was talking about?
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, I -- there is no doubt that competition is intensifying. What happened in the Auto business is a lot of players headed for the hills. And the Auto business was sort of the first into the Great Recession to be worsening and it was the first one to sort of come out the other side. And I think though the competitive dynamics have been positive over this period of time, and I support your point that competition is increasing and it's a very natural thing, and we completely plan for that. The Capital One growth is -- there's a growth strategy that's happening at Capital One that's maybe not -- that was maybe quite differentiated from some of the competitors in that we are doing a significant still geographical expansion in the company. The exact thing we do in some geographies, we've been expanding across the nation. The most sure I've found in all my years of experience, the most sure-footed sort of business growth opportunity is to take something you've proven in certain geographies, test it in the next geographies, and then roll them out from there. So the growth play at Capital One is a blend of geographical expansion and more prime to supplement a lot of the subprime that we already have in that space. So it's something we've been actually doing for years. You see it picking up momentum because we've done a lot of testing and we are in rollout mode now. So the confidence that I have about growth in the Auto business is more, Bob, driven by continuing that sort of Capital One growth strategy. I think on top of that, I think that even normalized for that I think there's some continuing success we're seeing in penetrating our dealers. And so I think it's a good story at Capital One. But I think all of you would be well served to take a more cautious outlook about where pricing and competition will take this Auto business over the next 12 months.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well, I'd like to say thank you to everyone for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations staff will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great evening.
Operator: Again, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc. John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Michael P. Taiano - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Senior Vice President, Global Finance. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Rica, and welcome, everyone, to capital one's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and the financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2011 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements, such as information regarding Capital One's financial performance. Any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Statements in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors set forth in our filings with the SEC, which are accessible at Capital One's website. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary L. Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening to the call. Let me provide a few highlights from the quarter in Slide 3. Capital One delivered earnings per share of $1.77 or $813 million in the third quarter compared to $1.97 or $911 million in the second quarter of 2011. The linked quarter decrease in earnings was caused by an increase in provision expense, which was only partially offset by higher pre-provision earnings. Loan balances grew in the quarter by almost $1 billion to $130 billion, driven by growth in our Auto Finance and Commercial businesses. While our revolving Domestic Card balances also grew, the reported Domestic Card segment posted moderately lower balances due to continued run off in our Installment Loan portfolio.  Net interest margin remained strong in the quarter. It expanded 19 basis points to 7.39%. The combination of loan growth and margin expansion drove higher revenue in the quarter. Since non-interest expenses were only up modestly, pre-provision earnings were also up in the quarter.  As overall credit trends are stabilizing after almost 2 years of rapidly declining charge-offs, our quarterly credit metrics are increasingly driven by seasonal patterns. Charge-offs continued to fall in the quarter, but a significantly lower allowance release associated with stabilizing credit trends caused our provision expense to rise. The charge-off rate improved 39 basis points to 2.52%, while our coverage ratio of allowance to loans came down only 19 basis points to 3.29%. Finally, our capital generation capacity remained strong. Our Tier 1 common ratio was up over 60 basis points in the second quarter and now stands at 10%. Turning to Slide 4, I'll briefly discuss net interest margin. Net interest margin grew as our average asset yield rose, while our cost of funds declined. Loan yield was driven up by a variety of items, including an $85 million release from our finance charge in fee reserve, which I will discuss in a moment. The positive impact of loan yields on the margin was partially offset by the increased investments in cash equivalents, representing proceeds from the completion of acquisition-related bond financing and security sales. The cost of funds declined modestly in the quarter as deposit rates fell and the proportion of wholesale funding was reduced. Turning to Slide 5, let's take a closer look at the income statement. Capital One earnings in the third quarter were driven by loan growth and expanding margins, offset by higher provision in non-interest expenses. Total revenue increased 4% on a linked-quarter basis. About half of the revenue growth resulted from a decline in the level of revenue suppression in our Card business. This lower level of suppression was driven by an improvement in the estimated collectibility of billed finance charges and fees on existing card balances. The improvement in the estimated collectibility was in turn driven by a change in the way we calculate expected recoveries of non-principal balances to reflect our revolving experience in a period of highly elevated inventories, of charged-off debt in relation to the more recent level of finance charges and fee balances.  The finance charge and fee reserve has now reached its historical low, and we expect it to remain reasonably stable for the receivable future. We would expect overall revenue suppression levels going forward to be more or less in line where they've been in the last several quarters prior to this one, but without the benefit of further reserve releases such as the one we had in the third quarter. We experienced growth in both net and non-interest income. Net interest income grew as margins expanded and balances grew. Non-interest income increased slightly in the quarter, driven by the absence of the contract revenue impact from the U.K. payment protection settlement that we recognized in the second quarter. In addition, there were 2 significant but largely offsetting items related to our balance sheet repositioning ahead of the pending acquisition of ING Direct. We recognized approximately $240 million of gains from the sale of $6.4 billion of mostly agency mortgage-backed securities. These sales, which benefited from lower rates are intended to manage our balance sheet risk in advance of acquiring a substantial quantity of mortgage asset from ING Direct.  You will also recall that in early August, we entered into a pay-fixed swap position. It's a partial hedge against the impact of changing interest rates on the value of the net assets we will record upon the close of the pending acquisition of ING Direct. At the end of the quarter, we recorded a $266 million mark-to-market loss on the swap. Dept position will continue to be marked until it is closed.  As we stand today, the impact of rate movements on the value of the acquired net assets at closing, net of the swap impact, should benefit capital compared to our estimates at the time of the ING Direct deal was announced in June. Much of this movement occurred by the time we announced the HSBC U.S. Card business acquisition in August. So we have no reason at this time to change the estimated incremental capital for that acquisition of $1.25 billion. Non-interest expense increased slightly in the quarter due to higher staffing costs, as well as accruals against an earnout agreement related to a previous acquisition. Looking ahead, we would expect operating expenses in the fourth quarter to be similar to Q3 levels, as run rate and year-end expenses are likely to make up for the assumed absence of the unique items in the third quarter.  Marketing expense in the third quarter declined modestly, mostly driven by the timing of several large marketing programs who's expenses were recognized in the second quarter. In line with usual historical patterns, marketing expenses should rise in the fourth quarter. The higher loss in discontinued operations is largely attributable to a Rep and Warranty expense in the quarter of $72 million, compared to $37 million in the second quarter of this year. This increase is partially the result of claims paid in the quarter and a $23 million increase to the Rep and Warranty reserve, which now stands at $892 million, representing what we believe to be probable and estimable losses.  As a result of some generally increased activity by investors in the non-GSE and non-insured securitization categories, we would further estimate that the upper end of a reasonably possible range of future losses from Rep and Warranty claims beyond current accrual levels has risen from $1.1 billion to $1.5 billion. Now turning to Slide 6, let's take a quick look at our capital position. Strong business performance, as well as the continued decline of disallowed DTA drove our Tier 1 common ratio up 60 basis points in the quarter to 10% using Basel I definitions. Using known Basel III definitions, our Tier 1 common ratio would be approximately 10 basis points higher than that. We continue to be comfortable with our strong capital levels and our underlying trajectory.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rich. Rich?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Thank you, Gary, and welcome to everyone this afternoon. I'll begin on Slide 7, with a look at loan volumes. As Gary mentioned, ending loan balances grew by just under $1 billion in the quarter, despite continuing runoff of Home Loans in our Consumer Banking segment and Installment Loans in our Domestic Card segment.  Domestic Card loan balances declined modestly in the quarter, but excluding the installment loan runoff, revolving Credit Card loans grew by just under $300 million in the quarter, up about 0.5% sequentially and up about 4.5% compared with the third quarter of 2010. We expect seasonal growth in Domestic Card loan balances in the fourth quarter.  Beyond loan growth, there are continuing signs of traction in our Domestic Card business. New account originations continue to grow, and new accounts booked in the third quarter of 2011 were more than double the new accounts booked in the third quarter a year ago. Growth in purchase volume continues to outpace the industry. Our purchase volume grew 17% from the third quarter of 2010, excluding the impact of the Kohl's portfolio. In Consumer Banking, loan balances were up modestly, as strong growth in auto loans was partially offset by expected runoff of the Mortgage portfolio. Auto Finance originations were $3.4 billion, up 17% from the second quarter and 40% from the third quarter of 2010. We expect that Auto originations will remain strong and drive continuing growth in auto loans.  Our Commercial Banking business delivered another quarter of steady loan growth. Ending loans were up 3% from the prior quarter and up 9% from the third quarter of 2010. Growth in loan commitments, an early indicator of future loan growth, was even stronger. Our C&I and CRE businesses experienced the strongest growth in both loans and loan commitments. Loan demand is expanding beyond refinancing to include demand for new credits to finance growth for our commercial customers. Looking at the whole company, we believe the period of shrinking loans through the Great Recession has come to an end, and we've returned to modest growth. We expect modest year-over-year growth in ending loan balances in 2011. Given the lower starting point for loan balances, we expect that average loans for 2011 will be comparable to average loans for 2010, even as period and balances grow.  Much of the growth we're delivering today is focused on franchise building customer relationships and accounts. These include rewards customers and new partnerships in our Domestic Card business, Commercial Banking customers and deposit customers and auto dealer relationships in our Consumer Banking business. While loan balances and revenues from these customers ramp up gradually over time, we expect the growth of these franchise building customer relationship to drive strong and sustained bottom line earnings in capital generation through sustainably lower charge-off levels, low attrition and long annuity-like revenue streams that build gradually but stick around for years. Slide 8 shows that credit results across our consumer businesses are stabilizing at relatively strong levels and exhibiting expected seasonal patterns. Domestic Card charge-off rate improved in the quarter. About half of the improvement resulted from expected seasonal patterns, with the remaining improvement driven by strong underlying credit performance. We continue to see declining loss severity, strong credit performance in our newer vintages and portfolio seasoning, as older vintages mature. The delinquency rate as of September 30 increased from the prior quarter. The increase resulted from expected seasonal patterns and a change in the way we estimate recoveries related to our finance charge and fee reserve that Gary discussed a few moments ago. We expect that Domestic Card credit metrics will continue to follow normal seasonal matter patterns in the fourth quarter. In our Consumer Banking business, charge-off rate improved in the Home Loans portfolio, while the delinquency rate increased modestly. In the fourth quarter we're planning to move a portion of our mortgage loans from third-party servicers on to our own servicing platform. This move may create some noise in the fourth quarter credit metrics but shouldn't impact the underlying trends.  In the Auto Finance business, charge-off rate and delinquency rate increased in the quarter, consistent with expected seasonal patterns. As you can see in the year-over-year improvements in both charge-offs and delinquencies, Auto Finance credit performance remain strong, with the most recent originations continuing to perform better than originations from 2007 and 2008. In fact, Auto Finance credit metrics are near their all-time lows, driven by the actions we took to retrench and reposition the business, tight underwriting and loss mitigation actions through the recession and continued strength in used car auction prices. We believe we've reached the cyclical low point for Auto Finance charge-offs.  Credit improvements in our Card and Auto Finance businesses have outpaced the modest and fragile economic recovery. Recent economic headlines have been full of bad news with 0 job growth in August, the debt ceiling crisis and downgrade of the U.S. credit rating, continuing worries about the European debt crisis and increasing stock market volatility. We continue to monitor our own portfolio of credit performance for signs that the negative economic news is driving deterioration in credit results. We have yet to see any evidence of this.  The choices we made in underwriting and managing our business through the Great Recession continue to drive strong credit performance. We made tough choices to tighten underwriting, focus on only the most resilient businesses and aggressively manage and mitigate credit loss. As a result, our internal portfolio credit metrics remain strong, with normal seasonality reemerging after a long period of cyclical improvement. Slide 9 shows credit results for our Commercial Banking businesses. Nonperforming asset rates improved across our Commercial Lending businesses as we continued to see slower flow rate into nonperforming loans. Nonperforming asset rates for the Commercial Banking segment improved in the quarter, despite an uptick in the NPA rate in our small -- excuse me, in our runoff Small Ticket Commercial Real Estate portfolio.  Charge-off rates improved in the quarter for all of our commercial businesses, with the exception of the middle market C&I business. The increased charge-off rate in C&I was driven by one sizable credit. Charge-offs for Commercial Banking are at their lowest levels since the third quarter of 2008, lower flow rate into NPL and stable property values are driving lower charge-offs. Commercial Banking Credit metrics have stabilized and improved modestly over the last 5 quarters, and we believe that the worst of the commercial credit cycle is behind us. As I just discussed for our Consumer Lending businesses, we don't yet see any evidence of recent economic headlines impacting our commercial credit results. We continue to expect some quarterly uncertainty and choppiness in our commercial charge-offs and nonperformers.  I'll close this evening on Slide 10. Strong third quarter results across our businesses demonstrate that we continue to emerge from the Great Recession in a strong position to win in the marketplace and continue to deliver shareholder value. Our Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of strong returns. The headwinds of installment loan runoff and elevated charge-offs continued to subside. The new account originations and purchase volumes are growing, and our new products, new partnerships and great customer service are winning in the marketplace.  In Consumer Banking, our Auto Finance business continued to deliver loan growth with strong credit and strong returns in the third quarter, and we continue to grow deposits and retail banking customer relationships. With the worst of the commercial credit cycle behind us, our Commercial Banking business delivered its third consecutive quarter of strong and steady profitability and continued loan growth, and commercial deposits and commercial customer relationships continue to grow. We remain on track to complete the ING Direct acquisition late in 2011 or early in 2012 and to complete the acquisition of the HSBC U.S. Card business in the second quarter of 2012. We expect that these acquisitions will deliver attractive financial results in the near term and enhance our ability to deliver sustained value over the long term to our customers, our communities and our shareholders.  With the combination of Capital One, ING Direct and the HSBC U.S. Card business, we're building a banking franchise that includes advantage to access to both sides of the balance sheet. Unlike other local and regional banks, we are not constrained by geography. Our strong national scale positions in credit cards and auto lending provides us with advantage to access resilient loans with strong returns. HSBC's Card business will expand and enhance our already advantaged position in credit cards and establish Capital One as the leader in card partnerships as well.  Our brand has achieved national scale and near universal awareness. A brand is a promise, and brand strength comes from keeping that promise year after year with great products, great value and great service. We continue to see and experience the power of advantaged local scale positions in attractive markets. Local brand scale is still pound for pound the most effective way to reach a broad base of commercial small business and consumer customers to build deep banking relationships with them. With ING Direct, we will add to our local banking abilities to become the leading direct bank customer franchise, with national reach and advantaged digital distribution capabilities in our deposit business.  Our relative scale provides us with sustainable economic advantages. For example, in our Card business, national informational scale in our proven rigorous approach to credit risk underwriting have enabled us to deliver industry-leading profitability with middle-of-the-pack credit losses through good times and bad, and we expect that with the direct distribution and digital capabilities of ING Direct, we will be able to deliver sustainable economic advantages in our banking and deposit businesses as well.  Capital One is already one of a handful of banks that's building a very large and loyal customer base. ING Direct has 7 million loyal early digital adopters with attractive demographics, and HSBC has 27 million active U.S. Credit Card accounts. So the acquisitions will strengthen and expand our combined customer base. Over time, these customer relationships are a tremendous source of value as we can expand and deepen customer relationships with new products and services. The market trends that have shaped banking and driven Capital One's strategy for the last 2 decades continue to play out, with banking going national one product at a time. The explosive growth in digital channels, capabilities and access continues to fuel these trends. With the combination of Capital One, ING Direct and HSBC U.S. Card business, we are positioned at the forefront of where banking is going.  For our shareholders, we're in an even stronger position to deliver long-term value through growth potential, strong returns and strong capital generation. While expected runoff of several of our legacy and acquired businesses will somewhat mute loan growth rates in the near term, we can deliver solid long-term growth because of our advantage to access to both of the balance sheet, and our combination of business and the unique and valuable banking franchise we've built put us in a position to continue to deliver strong returns and capital generation. We expect the strong earnings and deep access to deposits will maintain the strength of our capital and our liquidity. Coupled with our rigorous approach to risk management, we expect our balance sheet strength will sustain our proven financial resilience and our ability to deliver shareholder value through economic cycles.  With that, Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: You referenced normal seasonality a lot. It's been 4 years or so since we've had to deal with normal seasonality. So can you just walk us through the fine post we should look for when delinquencies start going up in the fall, when -- how much charge-offs are expected to go up in 4Q due to normal seasonality, stuff like that. And I guess in particular, it would seem to me like the proof that the delinquency runoff has been normal seasonality with the early delinquencies should fall in November, is that the right signpost to look for?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, Brian. So first, just talking about -- let me just talk generally about seasonality. In the Card business, which you're really asking about, the second quarter is the seasonal low point for delinquent payments. Probably because that's when income tax refunds are paid. The third quarter becomes the seasonal low point for losses, as the low delinquency from the second quarter lead the lower charge-offs in the third quarter. And just as a sidebar by the way, Auto has slightly different seasonal swings. We generally see the low point in delinquencies in the first quarter and losses in the second quarter, and Auto, of course, has a more pronounced seasonality than the Credit Card business does. I think it may be a bit of artificial science to be getting down to the month that -- I mean, we studied delinquencies. I've been doing this for 23 years, of course, and we've studied seasonality. And just when we think we've finally can exactly describe precisely its effects, it tends -- there's a fair amount of variation in it, but I think the important thing to understand is this seasonality is real in the Card business. And as we signaled last time, we expect the normal seasonality to return. And what we saw in our Card business in both the charge-off sort of low point here and the uptick in delinquency is consistent with our own seasonal trends. We also, one thing I've been a little struck by is our seasonality at Capital One is a little bit more pronounced than some card players are with respect to the seasonality of delinquencies. And so this time, for example, with our delinquency increase, if we went back and when we normalize our own delinquency performance relative to the peers who have just announced, in fact, the delta between them is just about exactly on the average of our delta versus them with respect to what you see in the third quarter. So if I pull way up, what we see at Capital One is seasonality that is exactly consistent with a -- this huge decline in -- the huge improvement in credit, basically running its course and that now, well, I don't want to -- I mean, I don't want to declare a long period of stability. Essentially, that's essentially where we are and what we see as we look out, that's essentially the word I would use. We see stability. We don't see indications of worsening, even though we read it on the paper every day. But I think our investors should be well served also to assume that the big credit improvement that have almost defied the -- pretty much defied the performance of the economy, most of that has run its course at this point.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: That makes sense. I mean, for what it's worth, our data suggests your seasonality is 2x the industry almost and consistently happens one month earlier. I'm not sure everyone gets that when they look at the data. I mean, I guess, my follow up, a lot of people are concerned you're stuck in a rut of negative operating leverage. Usually citing the expense numbers, but I guess, there's also some concern. Even though you have great payment volume growth, your interchange is actually coming down a little bit, suggesting some pretty big rewards numbers as well. Can you just kind of -- I mean, how do we frame the push-pull between the expense numbers being higher than people would like versus the credit is gray, you have extra earnings, now is the time to invest to produce future growth, and again, watch what benchmarks should we look to get comfort that expenses are not kind of off the rails here?
Gary L. Perlin: It's Gary. Happy to take that question from you. Just, I would note there that your description of operating leverage, of course, we have seen our revenue moving up even without some of the one-time effects. And you did describe some of the situation with respect to revenues in Card. But you really have to take a look at the overall company when you take a look at our operating expenses. A lot of the investments that we have been making are obviously, supporting not just the Card business so a lot of products, new product capabilities and so forth. But also, the continued build-out of our banking infrastructure. We're going to be a very significant bank and need to build the infrastructure that goes with it. Rich talked about some the growth that you've seen in our Auto Finance and commercial businesses and some of the investments we've been making there, geographic expansion in Auto, building out greater product capabilities for our commercial clients. We're investing across the board to find different growth opportunities and make sure that we stay very much at the forefront of where banking is going in terms of digital capacity, customer experience and so forth. And when you look at the overall revenue margin, you may not see a positive operating leverage in every single quarter. But we're convinced that the investments that we're making are going to pay off, and you'll see that in terms of good returns over time.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Taiano with Sandler O'Neill.
Michael P. Taiano - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Just sticking with the delinquency question. I was just curious, does the Kohl's portfolio also have an impact there in terms of low rates given? You do have loss sharing agreement there. If I understand it correctly, I think your delinquencies will be on the entire portfolio, but the ultimate loss will be shared. Is that right?
Gary L. Perlin: That is correct, Mike, and it's unlikely to have a really significant amount of impact. Of course, for now, couple of quarters into that business. So quarter-over-quarter change, unlikely to be driven by that.
Michael P. Taiano - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: And then I just had a question on capital. Gary, I don't know if I heard you right in terms of the $1.25 billion that you continue to expect to have to raise that before the HSBC deal closes. And on that topic, just it's been a while since you guys talked about capital return, and obviously, you have 2 big deals that are pending. So maybe not the right time. But just curious as to whether your views on that have changed at all given these 2 big deals that you're doing.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, I think you've got it right, Mike, that's now is not the time for us to be looking past the deals. We're very focused on doing what we need to, to get them closed and integrated, and obviously, there is some capital that we have raised and may well need to raise here for these acquisitions. But we believe that in due course, they will be highly capital generative and will be putting us in a position longer-term to be able to generate capital and find ways to make sure that gets deployed in the best interest of our shareholders which would like overtime include greater return to shareholders as well. If I could, Mike, I would just take the opportunity to indicate that we've got a lot of time here. We're a couple of quarters away from settling on HSBC. Again, as Rich described, we expect to settle on the ING Direct transaction late this year or early next. It will be the second quarter of last year for the HSBC. U.S. Card business. And so it's very early for us to change our estimate about what the additional capital might be to support that transaction. Probably worth because there a lot of moving parts and pieces, and we know what some of them are but we don't know what others are going to be. We still have another 6 months ago. So just to tick off the 3 big movers, first you've got our underlying capital generation trajectory for Capital One. As I've said, that's strong and intact. You've seen that again this quarter. Next, there's going to be the impact of ING Direct on our capital. We already know what capital issuance that will be there. We've already done the forward sale of the $2 billion of equity. And of course, we have an issuance of equity pre-agreed with ING group. Some of the elements that are in motion on the ING Direct impact is going to be purchase accounting, net of the hedge position that I described earlier. That hedge was placed around the same time as we announced our estimated capital requirement for HSBC. So you can assume that we were already counting on some the purchase accounting benefits of lower rates. And by the time we close, those could be higher, those could be lower. And so too, we could see a bit of change in the non-interest rate, purchase accounting effects and as well as the impact of any of the other balance sheet repositioning we may undertake. I talked about some of the security sales. Even if we close ING Direct, there will be some timing in other factors that will affect the capitalization of HSBC. Obviously, we'll have updated internal capital generation estimates. We'll also update our stress scenarios to see what impact that has on our capital target and position. And of course, there will be some purchase accounting impact related to HSBC. And so it will be a bit of uncertainty here over the next couple of quarters as to exactly where we land. What I would focus on with HSBC is that we believe that acquisition will be highly attractive across a wide range of outcomes, with respect to the upfront capital. Once we're past that, we'll get on to the business of generating capital going forward of all of these combined businesses.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just on the U.S. revenue margin, even after the accounting change, it looks like the revenue margin was almost 17%. I guess, can you just maybe help us understand what's driving this? It seems like what we're all reading up in the news is that competition is increasing, yet your metrics are improving. So is it something like a makeshift that's driving this? Or is the competition really not as bad as what we think?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, Ryan. Yes, so first of all as we stressed, but just to stress it again, the revenue, the margin is of course getting a non-sustainable boost from the impacts on the decline in the fee and finance charge reserve. And I don't know if you know that. But even when you sort of strip out those effects and those effects, we always assume those effects kind of or about coming to an end, and then they continue to have some likes to them. Even sort of beyond that effect, the performance of revenue and the revenue -- I mean, the revenue margin, specifically, in the Card business, I think has, frankly, a little bit exceeded our own expectations. And it's not coming from a makeshift. We are makeshift. Our mix is very stable in the business because as we said, Ryan, well, I think a lot of people sort of changed what they did as a result of the Great Recession and the CARD Act, we're pretty much doing what we did before and on what I feel is a more level playing field and a substantially more rational competitor set. So I have many comments I can make about the Card business, and specific characteristics of what's going on specifically in that. Maybe I'll save it for another question if people want to ask that. But generally, I think we're seeing, frankly, just a pretty strong performance of our customer base, very low attrition and revenue strength pretty much across the board in the face of strong competition.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I mean, there's been a lot of attention about the regulatory pathway for the ING acquisition, and I know you're probably limited in that. Can you discuss if its significantly different for the HSBC acquisition or is that just a purchase of assets and that faces lower standards?
Gary L. Perlin: Chris, it's Gary. With respect to HSBC, that will require a regulatory application. In this case to the OCC. And that application, initial application, has already been filed, and we expect will go through the normal process there.
Christoph M. Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: But it's not as rigorous in public a process as the full bank acquisition?
Gary L. Perlin: It's being treated as if we were acquiring a bank. The only difference is we're not acquiring a bank holding company. And hence, the OCC application rather than the Fed. I'd rather not speculate on how that process will go.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Chris Brendler with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess, first on Durbin and the hoopla we've seen recently on charging for debit cards. I know it's not a big revenue stream for you, but have you evaluated or had any thoughts of changing your debit card pricing and do you see this is an opportunity for Capital One to gain market share in banking?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, Chris. Yes, I mean, just because that part of our business is the smaller part of overall Capital One, it's not -- Durbin is not as needle-moving for us. It will, though, just on a gross basis, reduce our revenue by about $70 million to $90 million. So I mean, it's not small potatoes. And what we are doing is we are doing some changes in our branch bank. We have removed no strings free checking. I guess, you could call it from our product set. But what we have done is we're going out with low monthly fees and some very reasonable hurdles to avoid them. So I think overall it's a relatively benign sort of change that we've done at Capital One, and I think early indications are, I think, positive customer reaction I think on a relative basis. I think partly to your other point, I think there are many trends in the marketplace that I think argue for an acceleration of sort of the move to direct banking and some of these things. So a company like ING that always represents sort of the trade-off between better deals but yet got the switching costs associated with all the convenience of Local Banking. I think that in addition to the sort of devastating macro trend of digital revolution, the mobile revolution, some of the payment revolutions going on. I would add to that though kind of to where I think your point is going that the big noise about just how expensive banking is becoming for folks probably does play into the hands of the sort of low-cost players.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then a follow up, if you could just talk about deposit growth you're seeing in the Commercial Banking side. Deposit growth has been good as well, but you're really starting to pick up some steam in deposit growth? And I was wondering if you could give us any color on some of the drivers there and whether or not you think it's sustainable, just given how I think -- a lot of it is macro based but maybe it's also Capital One winning some market share.
Gary L. Perlin: I mean, I think sort of the things beyond the strong macro effect is I think is the result of a real focus at Capital One on primary banking relationships and building. So what we've done, first of all, is we are -- and so much of the growth that you see comes from really focusing on the identified areas where there are a sustainable competitive advantages to be had and through the power of deep customer relationships. Now I know in some ways that's kind of a truism for what people pursue in banking. But we are very, very focused on this. So there's a lot of emphasis in and investment in deeper treasury management relationships. A lot of emphasis on certain commercial businesses that tend to be a deposit rich and those have gone very well, as well as some of our investment in specialty banking segments. So what you see though is not an anomaly. What you see is -- I think just about everything you see in commercial. In fact, we kind of look at, and I think some of the growth metrics, about 2/3 of the growth metrics that you see in commercial if you normalize for some of the one-time effects that happened a year ago, kind of 2/3 of the growth metrics that you see are really sustainable across a number of metrics. And it really reflects the commercial business that is not doing anything flashy. It's really just doing a lot of things well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: My 2 questions up front. I just want to make sure I understood the change in the recovery expectations for non-principal balances. I guess, how does an improvement in recovery expectations actually take the delinquency rate up and just how does that tie up into charge-offs in the future? And just so I understand how that affects suppression on a go-forward basis? Suppression will move up with credit eroding. I would assume so the revenue yield, although equal should not feel the impact of suppression unless you see an associated degradation in credit quality. Am I thinking about it correctly? And then just secondarily, could you just talk about the Rep and Warranty increase on the liability and kind of what was driving that?
Gary L. Perlin: Sanjay, I think you've asked the questions on a lot of people's minds. So I'll try and him give a pretty full answer, but not going to the gory details as much as I'd love to on the suppression. So let's take the first question, which is how can we be, giving the good news of more collectible fees and finance charges and yet see an increase in the delinquency rate. So the first thing I'd say is what's been happening with the recoveries. Well, as you know, recoveries of charged-off finance charge and fee balances as with the recoveries of principal balances that were charged off, it's been high for quite a while. And we expect that they'll remain that way for 3 reasons: First, we've got a high inventory of charged-off, in this case, non-principal balances, and it's unusually high because we're in the aftermath of the Great Recession so as things have improved very dramatically, the inventory of charge-offs is pretty high on which we can recover. Secondly, the cyclical credit improvement is raising. You expected collectibility of charges and fees. And finally, and this is more of a structural change, we now have a structurally lower level of finance charges and fees. So if recoveries have remained pretty strong and high, what made things change this quarter? What's really changed is our assessment that almost all of these relatively high level of recoveries are coming from previously charged-off non-principal balances. And that's what causes the release in our finance charge and fee reserve. It's based on existing non-principal balances, and we called it out because the proportional impact at this point was pretty high since we had already gotten to a pretty low finance charge and fee reserve balance. So an $85 million release is a little more than half of what the finance charge and fee reserve balance was. Okay. So why would this cause an uptick in the delinquency rate? It's pretty mechanical. The short answer is, well, we now expect that we will collect more. The increase in what we expect to collect is being added to today's delinquent balances. So what it effectively means is that we're going to be increasing the numerator in the delinquency ratio, and we're going to be increasing the denominator. But because the numerator is much smaller, the addition of what we now expect to collect, which is in the delinquency buckets, goes up. So you have this one-time significant effect on the delinquency rate. It's always in the delinquency rate, this is why it's having a particularly big impact at this point. Now going forward, what you said, Sanjay, is very much the case. We're down to a relatively low level of finance charge and fee reserve somewhere in the $60 million to $70 million range. We think that will be pretty stable. So suppression on a quarterly basis is probably going to reflect what's happening to the level of reversals. That will be a lot lower than it has been historically because we're charging fewer finance charges and fees, but it should be pretty stable. If that is the case, then going forward what we'd expect is the suppression levels we've been seeing for the last year or so up until this quarter is probably what we'll see over the next several quarters, assuming that credit is more or less in line with what we expect. And to answer your question about whether this has any mechanical impact on the charge-off rate, the answer there is no. It only affected the delinquency rate. Hopefully I made it clear why.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Gary, with the Rep and Warranty?
Gary L. Perlin: Rep and Warranty. So the increase in the reserve, Sanjay, which is the probable and estimable, it's driven again largely by the level of activity that we're seeing. We did have one claim paid, which affected the expense. The relatively 2/3 of the expense this quarter came from payment of a claim, rather than the increase in the reserve. And the small increase in the reserve is effectively -- just a reflection as we kind of fill out all the cells in the spreadsheet. If we see increased activity amongst some on uninsured investors particularly in the non-GSE, non-insured securitization or what we call our everything else segment. Even small changes in activity, we'll try and pick them up and reflect them in the reserve. If you take a look at what's going on in the environment around us as well, heightened governmental and regulatory scrutiny and so forth, that's why you'll see a proportionally larger increase in what we consider to be the reasonably possible range, which doesn't meet, of course, the high standard of probable and estimable in the reserves. So I think it's a reflection of both what we have seen and what we're seeing more broadly and what would over the long run and just trying to be prudent around that.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I understood the impact on the yield as you go into the next quarter. Based on the one-timer that you did, this quarter was $85 million release. That should come out of our numbers. Is that correct?
Gary L. Perlin: That's correct, Betsy. And if you go back to that conversation that Rich was having with Crystal a while ago, the impact of the finance charge and fee reserve release this quarter, think of it as something 50 to 60 basis points of margin in the Card business, and that should be a one-timer, yes.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then separately, I just wanted to get a sense as to what your strategic plans are for the consumer mortgage business. I've noted some fairly unique go-to-market strategies and wanted to understand what's your sure gain appetite is there.
Gary L. Perlin: So Betsy, in the mortgage business, our primary focus has been really absolutely dealing with some of the troubled mortgages that came through our acquisitions. And so as you can imagine, there's a big investment of infrastructure and all the things that go into that, and we're making great progress on that. And I'm very pleased with that progress. Along the way, and of course, we've been thinking about the mortgage business for 23 years, and it's notable in its absence from our national strategy as we have built national capabilities in some other businesses, but not been there. I think on a national basis, the mortgage business, with one exception, which I'll tell you about in second, I think it still has a number of structural issues that make it not so attractive for us. The 2 places that we feel are advantaged mortgage origination business opportunities are, one on a national basis and one local. The national opportunity is really relates to what ING Direct, in fact, has been doing with their very, I think, very well-run national direct mortgage business. And we are impressed with what we see and we plan to continue investing in that business. The other is that we continue to believe, like almost everybody in banking does, that regular old, good old-fashioned in-footprint mortgage origination if not done in unnatural ways continue -- can be a good source of moderate growth in the business. So all that adds up to a moderate mortgage origination business over time. It's not going to scare the big players. But it has a role in our future. But it's going to be relatively more modest versus some of the really huge businesses that we have, Betsy.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig J. Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I want to ask you a couple of questions on the Card business. One, actual account growth was very strong as you alluded to and we've seen that from a couple of other players. Has there been a dramatic increase in demand for accounts? Is there something that the Durbin Amendment is driving as debit becomes more expensive to use? I'm just curious what's going on there. And secondly, has there been any change to the run rates in October in terms of purchase volume?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay. Craig, so first of all, with respect to the Durbin effect, I think if there were a significant effect, we probably wouldn't see it yet. If we should be seeing it yet, I don't think we can with the naked eye. I mean, we'll continue to analyze for these effects. But I would -- my expectation is that the Durbin effect on causing a switch between Debit and Credit Cards is -- I'm still going to probably the under on how the big that effect is going to be. I've always been struck at how consumers use different parts of their brain for how they think about what they use debit cards for and what they use credit cards for. Furthermore, there are many, many banks out there that are not charging directly for debit use. Hopefully, maybe we'll find some upside surprise in that. But we're not counting on it. Demand. I think our consumer demand, I'm glad you asked that point because while if you look at revolving debt growth, on a year-over-year basis, it's still negative, but it's trying to get towards 0. But the thing is I think that if you look at the last couple of quarters, effectively on a seasonality adjusted basis, I think we're finally to the point where consumer revolving debt in the nation is basically flat. And that's a big achievement relative to where it was. And so I think the consumer is kind of coming back slowly but surely here. The most important thing by far with respect to new account origination for us has really been not the environment but frankly the traction that we are getting on our own programs. All during the Great Recession, while we were dialing back on our originations, we were not dialing it back at all on our testing. And this location creates, the flip side of that is opportunity, and so with all the seeds that we have planted here over the last couple of years, we found some very promising growth opportunities that every month they're getting a little more traction than they had the month before. So if you followed my comments to the marketplace for most of this year, I've been talking with quite a bit of passion about the feel that I have just meeting and spending all the time I do in the Card business. The feeling I have about the growing traction in the Card business. And as I've said a number of times, I think that traction is greater than you're seeing in the metrics. Because if you want to originate cards with big metric movements, do big balance transfer plays. That's instant gratification, instant volumes, immediately. One minus that is pretty much what we're doing, and so we're doing all these stuff that builds slowly and builds franchises over time. But I'm pretty excited about the traction that we're getting in the Card business. As I often say it, Craig, I think in terms of market share growth. And I think I really like our chances for market share growth. And if the consumer corporates a little bit here, kind of like our chances for some real growth.
Richard D. Fairbank: Before we get into the next question, it's not our practice to comment on sort of mid-month metrics like purchase volume trend. So we'll take the next question.
Operator: Moving forward, we'll hear from Bob Napoli with William Blair.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: The auto Finance business, Rich, I mean you've seen the Auto Finance cycles many times and there are cycles in Auto Finance can be pretty pronounced. You're growing that business pretty quickly. There seems to be more competition moving in. What are your thoughts on how big you want that business to be? What is the mix of what are you subprime versus prime? How comfortable are you with that asset class, which has been pretty volatile becoming a bigger part of your balance sheet?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, Bob, one thing that I really want to not invest in is businesses that most of the time do pretty well. And if you just try to be smart about timing and avoid just getting whacked, you can kind of do okay. I think that's a fool's errand in the banking business, and frankly, a lot of banks and a lot of bankers over many years have been on the errand. So our pursuit of the Auto business is not driven by a belief that most of the time you can make money and just hang on and the rest of the time and try to be smart about timing. We really like the structural characteristics of this business for us. So where's the leverage in this business? First of all, this is one of the businesses on little cat feet that has been a macro trend that I don't think people have focused on, but we entered it in this business in 1998 for this reason, and that is that this would be a fragmented business that would become national. It is on its course to doing that, Bob, but it still has quite a journey to have. So a business that's a fairly low growth business has a lot of opportunity for very successful national players because that's a macro trend in itself. Secondly, the leverage, especially in any area other than the absolute highest part of super prime, there is tremendous leverage in credit and rigorous information-based strategies and the scale that comes with that, which we've spent now 13 years building. And I think that's really paying off. Another aspect to this business I think is profoundly important and something that we -- is that we have certainly come to appreciate over the years of building this business. It is deeply about customer relationships. In this case, the relationships with the dealers. And I know there's kind of a perception out there of dealers just holding auctions and all that stuff. But dealers care about the value added services and whether you're there in the downturns as well. So basically, we've had great traction and showed up in on J.D. Power metrics in terms of really improving dealer relationships. So what's happened is when the Great Recession came along and you may remember that we got -- we had some pretty challenging credit metrics right, as the Great Recession began. Auto is kind of like, in some sense the canary in the coal mine, I think, in terms of early harbinger of credit. Additionally, we made a few mistakes the last time around, I think, in some of the expansions that we did. What we're doing now is a lot of the growth that's coming is doing the same thing we've been doing in some geographies and extending it to others. This is a business that I think can be, overtime, quite a bit bigger than it is now. Almost all of the net growth will be in the upper part of the market because we already have a pretty sizable position in the subprime space. So I'm pretty bullish about it, and its many years in the making, and it's here to stay.
Robert P. Napoli - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just a follow up on the Commercial Finance business, are you adjusting a strategy? I think you've hired a team from the senior executive that used to be with CapitalSource? And so you're middle market strategy, are you adjusting that and looking at accelerating the growth of that business with the people you're bringing in?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, we are. I mean, I don't think relative to the size of Capital One that it's going to be massively sort of moving the metrics. But I do want to say, I want to pull up and talk about the commercial business, and that is there's a lot of vanilla commercial business out there that has a rough time through cycles with all the oversupply that exists in banking. And I don't think next downturn is going to be different from that. Where are focusing more and more is on the differentiated part of commercial banking, and I think that comes from very deep primary banking relationships that are driven by treasury management relationships and things like that and by very expertise-driven specialty businesses. And if you think about expertise-based credit management, I mean, in a sense that's what we've been building at Capital One, yes, mostly on the consumer side, but what we're doing still at a relatively small scale but building out sort of one executive at a time, focusing very, very much on great talent and very rigorous credit management, specialized commercial business that I think is really much more differentiated from the vanilla thing that gets so whacked in the credit cycle.
Operator: We'll move on to Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Rich, I share your optimism around the consumer as it relates to the Credit Card product. I would like you to maybe elaborate a little bit on some points you made earlier. You saw some pretty impressive growth on Card accounts. I think you've mentioned 2x the 2010 third quarter pace. I'm wondering if you can give us a sense of where that growth is coming from, if it's in the more transactor-based products or in the more revolver-based products and how you're thinking about splitting the 2? And then I guess, maybe any observations you could offer around private label as an area for growth? Citibank had mentioned that they have seen a significant change in consumer behavior around the private label product and how you're thinking about that, please? And then a follow up as well.
Richard D. Fairbank: Thank you, Ken. So account growth is -- yes, first of all, given that we are sort of avoiding the really balanced heavy, balanced transfer type of business, almost definitionally, we're going to be seeing a lot more progress on account origination than we're going to be on kind of balance origination in that sense. And while we and no other player really gives out sort of account origination detail on an apples-to-apples basis and all that. Just suffice it to say that that's exactly the case. We're getting quite a bit more traction in account origination, and this is the beginning of the other good metrics that flow from originating these franchise-based accounts. From a mixed point of view, the mix is so strikingly similar to what it has been. If you -- I mean, we're investing a lot at the -- you can see on TV, we're investing a lot in the -- right at the top of the market, right against the leading transactor players and getting good traction with respect to account growth there. And we are also doing our normal strategy we've done through 23 years to kind of cherry pick within the revolver market, where the best opportunities are with respect to revenue and risk, and that continues to have account growth in a very comparable mix. With respect to the private label business, the private label business, I think, for a long time people sort of thought the private label business was going to get supplanted by the co-brand business. I think debt has been greatly -- its demise has been greatly exaggerated. In fact, to the contrary, there's really more of a macro trend back in the other direction, and I think retailers are finding that a well-run private label business is something that has a lot of great value and ability to really deepen customer loyalty. I'm not sure what city he's referring to, the significant change in the consumer behavior. I haven't seen any like step changes in any of the metrics. The credit risk in this business has improved pretty much in lockstep with all the improvements that we've seen in other Card businesses. But we're going to focus on in the private label business, and yes, it does represent a significant growth opportunity for us. It's still to be selective though and go after the partners who: one, have a very good sound business model in their own right; 2, are very focused on -- that they have an objective function, and this is a really important point. Objective function that the Credit Card program is not about how much money do you make, how many this or that. The Credit Card program is about building deep customer loyalty. And when they have that objective, we want to be there as their partner; and third, we're going to be very sensitive to the sort of auction price nature at how some of these portfolios move, and we're going to stay disciplined.
Operator: Sir, we'll hear from John Stilmar with SunTrust.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Gary and Rich, I don't know if this is a question for you. But you -- to your accounting when you spoken about the stability of recoveries on previously charged-off accounts, I think we reached the peak in charge-offs in 2010, when should we reach the peak in recoveries, and should the slope of recoveries follow some sort of time pattern with what gross charge-offs do?
Gary L. Perlin: Kind of particularly focused on recoveries of finance charges and fees?
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: No, sir. We're focusing on -- well I mean just recoveries in general. Recoveries of principle charge-offs. I thought you corresponded to the same trend and if I'm incorrect there, maybe you can articulate why it wouldn't be. I assume it's the same trend with the recovering fees and finance charges because your coverage are so strong now.
Gary L. Perlin: It is. It's strong for some the reasons I described, which again, the speed of the improvements in credit has meant that there's a large quantum of charged-off debt from the charge off the last couple of years. And when we recover against that, we obviously have a lower quantum today. It is exaggerated in the fee and finance charge area because relatively speaking, you've seen that we've moved, our revenue model has gone more towards net interest margin away from some of the non-interest margin. So there's a exaggerated impact of heavy recoveries against a low amount of kind of forward-looking finance charges and fees. Again, exactly when that settles out, again, we've seen pretty steady recoveries now for a while. But I think it's hard to know exactly when that's going to change. I think that may reflect more of the macro credit trends and statistics we see. So it's kind of hard to call that particular top until we see how everything else plays out.
Richard D. Fairbank: But I think, John, the point even through the last quarter, our recovery liquidation rates were still improving. And so, look, I mean, again we kind of have the view that in general, the great improvement, the Great Recession, the great improvement here is probably means the recoveries pretty much would be stabilizing out. I'm not sure we've actually quite seen that effect yet, but we would expect it.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up question, I was wondering if you could share with us any deeper expectations for both business performance, and I guess, with all the concern over credit as we're return to seasonality. What we should be thinking about with regards to the HSBC portfolio. I know you made some comments about double-digit accretion relative to consensus estimates. But any sort of details around that assumption through how we should be thinking about credit cost and potentially margins for HSBC would be greatly appreciated.
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. I think -- it's this funny thing, the HSBC portfolio is pretty darn similar to our portfolio even though much that's in it is different. But let me say what I'm saying. First of all, it's sort of mixed along the credit spectrum. It is similar in that -- in the sense that it has so much of people I was thinking about the subprime branded stuff that HSBC does. It has a massive prime and top of the market business and some of these partnership stuff. And so bringing it on, we got similar mix to ours. They have had credit policies that are fairly similar to ours. They have had a conservatism about credit lines and pricing that's very similar to ours, which by the way is one of the reasons we did the deal because when someone has had appropriate conservatism on pricing and lines, you can deal with it. When horses are out of the barn, it's really hard to get them back, and that's why we walked away from a number of other portfolios in the past. Revenue margins in HSBC are strong and they're strong for Capital One. So I think things would look good there. The one thing I do want to flag is that even at the same time that we're creating a quite a bit of value through the synergies and the things that we talked about when we announced the deal, I do want to say there were some parts of the HSBC business that are, for them, already run-off portfolios and maybe even some -- when we really get inside, there might be some other parts we would add to that in terms of what's a runoff. And so we will be initiating sort of this annoying runoff portfolio kind of headwind. Even at the same time, I think that value creation and the growth of value creation will continue in a really sizable way with respect to this deal.
Operator: We'll hear next from David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: I wonder if you just explain on -- talking about the Auto business in terms of the growth and how much has been attributable to the geographic expansion? And has there been some change in types of loans? You're making more used car loans in the last year, longer-terms, rates change, I guess, also a question about competitive dynamics.
Richard D. Fairbank: So, David, the growth is essentially coming in 2 ways: One is more up market, if you will, and more geographical expansion of exactly what we do. And much of the geographical expansion is in fact more up markets expansion, and in a lot of cases, with dealers that we were already there on a subprime side. So the thing that -- what makes me -- where I feel very confident about growth plays is when you have something that has already been validated and tested, and you're rolling that out. Now classically for Capital One that means test cells, and of course, that's what we do, we test everything and roll it out. In this particular case, what we're rolling out geographically and with respect to doing more of in the upmarket space is things we've been doing for an extended period of time with very proven business and very relationship-focused model. So that's why I speak with quite a bit of confidence about both the ability to continue to generate some pretty substantial origination numbers, but also very confident with respect to the performance of these. In terms of what's happening in the industry, competition is definitely increasing in the Auto business. There has been -- there is some pressure to extend terms in terms of length of the loans a little bit of that, not much at all yet on the loan-to-value, but the thing that we have found is being very, holding very firm to what we believe are the right credit standards. We found that there's continuing, a lot of continuing opportunity. We are -- but in terms of how much growth we get in the future, it's going to be the intersection of a very proven expansion play that we have and the absolutely inevitable increase in pressure competitively in the auto industry, and inevitably some moves by some players to worsen credit. Net-net, it's still a pretty good environment to compete, but we're going to watch very carefully.
David S. Hochstim - Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Could you give us some idea of how much of the number dealers you're working with has increased over the last 12 months and has a mix of indirect and direct [indiscernible] change much?
Gary L. Perlin: Well, first of all, it's -- while we are, by our tally, the leading direct player in the nation, our direct business is swamped by the indirect business. Because buying a car at a dealership is really a kind of a category killer, a good way to get financing. And so as you know, David, we've done everything we can to build the direct business there, and it's a nice, relatively small business. We will both grow the direct business and the indirect business. But if I were to predict, you're not going to see a massive, devastating macro trend of direct taking over indirect anytime soon. You asked about used versus new. This is same kind of mix here that we've had in the past. Because again were mostly doing the same thing that we did before, it's just that there are more growth opportunity at the top end of the credit spectrum where our share has been less and we're growing it.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Valentin with FBR.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just wanted to revisit the purchase transaction volume. Historically, I think I just focused on driving transactors for a while, but this the first time I think it's really outperformed relative to other Visa and MasterCard issuing peers. I'm just wondering, is it more the recent vintages are performing better or is it just people are pulling their cards out Capital One has gotten in top of the wallet through marketing?.
Gary L. Perlin: Sorry, what was the first of your condition? Is it...
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just that which vintages have performed? Is it more recent vintages that are now transacting more versus historical or is it more across the entire spectrum but through marketing you guys have moved top of wallet?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, so, first of all, I think for the industry, there has been pretty good purchase volume growth. As you know. But it is the case that for the third quarter in a row, Capital One has had the highest purchase volume growth. Although for some players who have huge purchase volume numbers, I mean, we are coming off of a bit of a lower base, so I think we have a bit of an easier job to do in a sense. The success is coming, Scott, from 2 things. One is we're investing very heavily as frankly are Chase and AMEX in particular in the real top of the market heavy spender. And these are very expensive accounts to get. As everybody knows, when you get them, they tend to have great performance and very heavy spending patterns and they're long annuities. Anyway, you're seeing the result of a lot of hard investment by Capital One. Secondly, though, this metric is actually something I would point out as in this thing where I keep saying, look, I see a lot of traction at Capital One. Trust me, you'll see it in the metrics some day. This booking of accounts that are not balanced transfer based, but really that built their balances over time, this is a manifestation of them starting to build their balances over time. So you do have some of that effect going on as well. But still, the biggest thing for all of us in the industry is not really anything we're doing individually here. It's the return of spending that is going on by consumers. But credit cards are getting more than their share. We are actually gaining share and purchase volume faster than retail sales are gaining because credit cards tend to be more -- it's the non-discretionary items tend to be purchased with a [Audio Gap]  massive reduction in non-discretionary items and spend a bit more on that you're seeing the share gains there.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: That's helpful. As a quick follow up, in the Commercial Banking segment, the loan growth was very strong this quarter. You called out I think C&I and commercial real estate, is there any regional area? You mentioned New York is biggest part of the franchise but in terms of growth, are you seeing any regional differences?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. I mean, one of the best ways to over-stereotype what we do. And once I tell you that, I'd say that's way too stereotyped. Why would you oversimplify like that? But in a sense, most of the CRE is in the north and most of the C&I is in the South. Okay? So when you think about growth there, New York, the -- so let's talk C&I in many ways, it's really a story about New York. I mean, New York has certainly weathered the Great Recession quite well, and has seen steady signs of recovery. And on most financial metrics from a commercial point of view, New York has been, not a great performer but a better performer than a lot of the other markets out there. And so for quite a number of months, we've seen vacancy rates dropping and rental rates were getting some traction, and property value strengthening and more activity by sponsors and so on. I just do want to caution though that the New York economy certainly, I think, it's a plausible argument that it's going to have some challenges here with respect to all the financial institutions and the job-announced layoffs and stuff like that. But we're still cautious about that. And the other thing I want to say is with respect to CRE, we're very -- a lot of our stuff is with respect to the multi-family part, which is a bit of a specialty business and one that's done quite well under recession. With respect to C&I, you're talking more in the south. For us, this is and this is headlined by the growth in our energy business, which, of course, is kind of booming at this point. But that's an oversimplification, but it'll work for now.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Don Fandetti with Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Rich, you talked about loan growth in Cards. So I just want to follow up. I mean, as I look out to '12, do you really think that there's going to be in the industry any meaningful, if any, real card loan growth? It just seems like consumer sentiment is still pretty soft, GDP numbers are not great and you have what appears to be sort of spending growth rate peaking. I was just curious if you think it's just going to be kind of the main players fighting over market share or there's actual real growth in this business in '12?
Gary L. Perlin: The hard work of consumer demand in the Card business measured by revolving debt to even get back to 0, I think, it feels exhausted just trying to get back to 0. So I think -- I'm in your camp. If I had to guess, I think this business is a GDP-type of business or maybe even a little less than that in the near term. I think I see little to suggest that this thing would break away from the pack very much. I think the consumer de-levering has been absolutely real. And by the way, it's been a really good thing. We should all be careful what we wish for from a bank in the sense of the de-levering has had a lot of benefits with respect to credit quality. But there are parts of the market that are not returning. The Credit Card market as a whole is smaller as a result of the regulations that are there. I mean, that's something that still has to run its course with respect to the outstandings. The consumer, well, maybe their de-leveraging is reaching a stable point. I certainly don't see any evidence that it's returning. I subscribe to your view. We should view this as a low growth business from an outstandings point of view. Where's there opportunity? There's opportunity to gain share, there's opportunity -- and there's a lot of opportunity to create real value though and real growth in value through the fact that at times like this, if you originate well, you can get sometimes spectacular credit performance. You can get a chance to build these annuities that last a long, long time. And so I would characterize of the card market right now competitively -- while you look at the mail volume, mail volume is returning dangerously close to sort of where it used to be. And by the way, that doesn't even show that a lot of the marketing has moved to the Internet. So in a way, it understates the return of marketing. I do think it's a -- while our competitors are being very tough, at least they're being rational, and I think there's a lot of value, a lot of opportunity to create real value. And my last thing I would leave with you is, here's the acid test as I look at it: The total net present value that we feel that we estimate that we're originating and we look at that every year the kind of annual tranche of originations, how much total NPV is being created, the origination vintage of this year, I think, is going to give a run for its money to some of our best years that we've had in the last decade. It's just going to show up a little bit different in terms of its timing and then what and where in the P&L you'll see that benefit.
Operator: I'm sorry, sir, that is all the questions we have. I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Norris.
Jeff Norris: Well thank you, Rica, and thanks, everybody, for joining us on the conference call tonight. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One, and as always, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you might have. Have a great evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary Perlin - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Richard Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Allen. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Capital One's First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2011 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. And for more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports that are accessible at Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now I'll turn it over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good morning to everyone listening to the call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter of 2011, Capital One earned $1.02 billion, or $2.21 per share, up from $697 million, or $1.52 per share, from the prior quarter. The biggest quarterly driver of the 46% improvement in income came from a $305 million decline in our provision expense, largely accounted for by a $249 million decline in charge-offs. Total company charge-offs fell 78 basis points from the prior quarter to 3.66%, the lowest level since 2007. Even factoring in the $105 million allowance build associated with the Hudson Bay (sic) [Hudson's Bay] portfolio, better credit performance across all of our businesses drove a $561 million release in the allowance, and our total coverage ratio now stands at 4.08%. Non-interest expenses were up 3% in the quarter. The seasonal decline in marketing spend was more than offset by a $103 million increase in operating expenses, driven mostly by $60 million of legal expenses in our Card business and the cost associated with the addition of the Hudson Bay (sic) [Hudson's Bay] portfolio. Looking ahead, it is reasonable to assume that non-interest expenses will rise modestly in line with marketing opportunities. Revenue in the quarter was up 3% even as average loans were virtually flat. I'll discuss the drivers of this margin improvement as we turn to Slide 4. The 29 basis point expansion of net interest margin in the quarter was primarily due to higher asset yields in our Card and Auto Finance businesses and a 9 basis point decrease in our cost of funds. The higher asset yields in Card were a result of the continuation favorable credit trends, the mix of balances and a modest increase in fee revenues. Strong credit trends drove first quarter suppression down to $105 million from $144 million in the prior quarter as reversals declined by $25 million and recoveries rose modestly. Consistent with the prior quarter, we released $49 million from the finance charging fee reserve, which now stands at $163 million. The credit-related benefits to revenue have proven to be more persistent than we had expected, but we believe that credit impacts on revenue will stabilize once we reach more normalized charge-off in delinquency rates. In addition to the favorable credit impacts, first quarter margin in the Card business also benefited from continuing run-off of lower margin installment loans and a continued low level of new balances on promotional rates.  Looking ahead, total company margins will continue to be impacted by credit trends, competitive dynamics in pricing and the timing and pace of loan growth. All else being equal, the addition of the Kohl's partnership assets will lower margins in the Domestic Card segment beginning in the second quarter. However, we expect that the impact from Kohl's on total company margins will be offset by a reduction in cash. I'll now discuss capital as we turn to Slide 5. Our Tier 1 common ratio remains strong at 8.4% under Basel I, or 8.7% using known Basel III definitions. The nearly $1 billion increase in retained earnings caused our tangible capital ratio to rise 45 basis points this quarter. However, anticipated impacts to the numerator and denominator of our regulatory capital ratios caused a dip in those ratios this quarter. Let's start with the Tier 1 denominator.  The first quarter marked the final regulatory phase-in of the implementation of FAS 166/167, and as a result, the denominator of our regulatory ratios increased to account for the addition of $15 billion of risk-weighted assets even as end-of-period loans declined by $2 billion.  Moving onto the Tier 1 numerator. Our regulatory ratios were also impacted by a modest increase in the level of deferred tax assets disallowed for regulatory capital calculations. With the carryback period now including the hardest-hit recession years, we had earlier believed that the level of disallowed DTA might rise by as much as $1 billion in the quarter, which led us to believe that our Tier 1 common ratio could fall closer to 8%. As it turns out, business performance and favorable tax settlements late in the quarter drove down the overall level of deferred tax assets, and consistently strong earnings means less of that DTA is disallowed. And that result is that disallowed DTA was up by only $300 million.  In summary, strong earnings, a smaller-than-anticipated increase in our disallowed DTA and the expected increase in risk-weighted assets caused our Tier 1 common ratio to dip by only 40 basis points in the quarter. We continue to be very comfortable with our strong capital levels and their expected trajectory from here. In addition to our ability to generate strong retained earnings, we expect our regulatory capital ratios will benefit from the recapture of the remaining disallowed DTA over the coming quarters. With that, I'll turn it over to Rich to discuss our balance sheet in greater detail. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 6 with loan and deposit volumes. Period-end loans declined about $1.9 billion in the first quarter. Our Mortgage and Installment Loan and Small-Ticket CRE run-off portfolios declined a little more than $1 billion in the quarter. So excluding the run-off portfolios, period-end loans declined about $800 million, which is in line with historical seasonal patterns for loan volumes in the first quarter. Looking at average loan balances, the first quarter decline was a more modest $400 million, as about $1.2 billion of loan growth occurred early in the quarter with the addition of the Hudson's Bay Company Card portfolio in our International Card business. Domestic Card loans declined in the first quarter as a result of expected seasonal pay downs and continuing run-offs of Installment Loans. Despite declining loans, we're gaining traction in our Domestic Card business. First quarter purchase volume increased 14% compared to the first quarter of 2010. New account originations in March were the highest since November of 2007, and new account originations in the first quarter of 2011 were double the originations in the first quarter of last year. We expect that the first quarter is the low point for Domestic Card loans. With the addition of the Kohl's portfolio on April 1, we expect that second quarter loan growth will largely offset the loan declines we've seen in the first quarter. We're thrilled to be partners with Kohl's, a growing retailer with a great brand, great customer value and loyal customers. We expect modest loan growth to continue in the second half of 2011 as the headwinds of elevated charge-offs and installment loan run-off continue to diminish. We are also well positioned to gain share in the newly leveled playing field created by the CARD Act. In Consumer Banking, loan balances were relatively stable as continuing run-off of the Mortgage portfolio offset growth in Auto loans. Auto Finance originations were $2.6 billion, up 16% from the fourth quarter and 91% from the first quarter of last year. We expect that Auto originations will remain strong and drive modest growth in Auto loans. We expect that continuing Mortgage portfolio run-off will largely offset the growth in Auto loans. Our Commercial Banking business delivered modest loan growth in the first quarter. Growth in loan commitments, an early indicator of future loan growth, was somewhat stronger. Our C&I business experienced the strongest growth in both loans and loan commitments.  Growth in treasury management and capital market services is driving higher fee revenues and deepening relationships with our commercial customers. New commercial loan originations remain strong, and loan demand is beginning to shift away from refinancing toward financing new growth for our commercial customers. Looking at the whole company, we believe that the period of shrinking loans through the Great Recession has come to an end in the first quarter and that we will return to modest growth beginning in the second quarter. We expect modest year-over-year growth in ending loan balances in 2011. Given the lower starting point for loan balances, we expect that average loans for 2011 will be comparable to average loans for 2010 even as period-end balances grow.  Total deposits grew by $3.2 billion in the first quarter, continuing the strong growth we experienced throughout 2010. Commercial and Consumer Banking deposit growth of $5 billion was partially offset by the expected run-off in broker deposits. Deposit interest expense and total cost of funds continued to decline modestly in the quarter as a result of a mix shift toward lower-cost deposits in our Banking business. Slide 7 shows improving credit results across all of our Consumer businesses. Domestic Card charge-off rate improved in the quarter. Strong underlying credit improvement trends, lower bankruptcy losses and higher recoveries were more than enough to offset expected seasonal headwinds. Delinquency rate also improved as a result of improvements in flow rates and delinquency inventories and expected seasonal tailwinds. Charge-off and delinquency rates in our International Card business improved as the result of continuing economic improvement and seasonal tailwinds. Net income for this business was pressured by the onetime allowance build associated with the addition of the Hudson's Bay Company portfolio in the first quarter. Hudson's Bay Company is a great partnership for our International Card business. It's one of the largest retailers in Canada with an iconic brand, loyal customers and a great private label card program. We're excited to add this portfolio and growth platforms to our International Card business. In our Consumer Banking business, charge-off and delinquency rates improved in the Home Loans portfolio and the Auto Finance business. Improving Auto Finance charge-off and delinquency trends are consistent with expected seasonal patterns. Auto Finance credit performance remains strong, particularly the performance of newer originations. While we expect our Auto Finance business will continue to deliver strong credit performance and economic results, it is likely that we're approaching a low point for the Auto Finance charge-off rate. We expect that the charge-off rate will increase for the second half of 2011, driven by seasonal patterns and competitive factors, and auction prices for used vehicles are approaching all-time highs and are likely to moderate or decline over time. Credit improvements in our Card and Auto Finance business have continued to outpace the modest and fragile economic recovery. While overall unemployment rate is expected to remain elevated for an extended period of time, almost half of today's unemployed workers have been out of work for six months or more and have likely already charged-off.  We continue to see a higher correlation between our delinquency rates and short-term unemployment rate, which counts workers who have been unemployed for less than six months. Short-term unemployment rate is well off its 2009 peak, and the pace of new job losses has come down sharply. The choices we made in underwriting and managing our businesses through the Great Recession are a growing driver of favorable credit performance. We made tough choices to tighten underwriting, focused only on the most resilient businesses and aggressively manage and mitigate credit losses. As a result, we're seeing strong credit performance of recent loan vintages across our consumer lending businesses. We expect continuing strength in Card and Auto credit performance despite an extended period of elevated unemployment. Slide 8 shows credit results for our Commercial Banking businesses. Non-performing asset rates improved in middle market C&I and specialty lending but worsened in commercial and multi-family real estate and in the run-off Small-Ticket CRE Loan portfolio. For the Commercial Banking business as a whole, lower charge-offs and loss severities were the primary driver of the increases in non-performing asset rates. Because appraisal values continued to recover in the first quarter, the initial amount charged off on new non-performing loans decreased, leaving more of the loan balances in the non-performing assets rate. Charge-off rates improved in the quarter for all of our Commercial businesses, in part because of the lower loss severities I just described. The improvements we've seen in the commercial real estate market in New York, where we have our largest CRE exposure, continued. And gradual economic improvements in all of our Commercial Banking markets also drove lower charge-offs in the quarter. Commercial Banking credit metrics have stabilized and improved modestly over the last four quarters. We believe that the worst of the commercial credit cycle is behind us, but we continue to expect some quarterly uncertainty and choppiness in commercial charge-offs and nonperformers. I'll close this morning on Slide 9. Strong first quarter results across our businesses demonstrate that we're emerging from the Great Recession in a strong position to win in the marketplace and to continue to deliver shareholder value. Our Domestic Card business delivered another quarter of improving credit results and strong returns. The headwinds of installment loan run-off and elevated charge-offs continued to subside. New account originations and purchase volumes are growing. Our new products, our new partnerships and great customer service are winning in the marketplace. We're well-positioned to gain share on the new level playing field created by the CARD Act, and credit continues to improve. In Consumer Banking, our Auto Finance business continued to deliver loan growth with improving credit and strong returns in the first quarter. We expect that Auto Finance origination volumes and returns will remain strong in 2011. And we're delivering strong growth in low-cost deposits and retail banking customer relationships. Our Commercial Banking business is demonstrating positive trajectory. With the worst of the commercial credit cycle behind us, we are growing low-risk commercial loans and expect further modest growth to continue in 2011. Treasury management and capital market services are producing growth in fee revenues, and commercial deposits and commercial customer relationships continue to grow.  We're gaining traction all across our company. Much of the growth we're delivering today is focused on franchise building customer relationships, such as transactor customers and new partnerships in our Domestic Card business, commercial banking customers with an emphasis on primary banking relationships and deposit customers in our Consumer Banking business. While loan balances and revenues from these customers ramp-up gradually over time, we expect the growth of these franchise building customer relationships to drive strong and sustained bottom line earnings and capital generated through sustainably lower charge-off levels, low attrition and long annuity-like revenue streams that build gradually but stick around for years. We've become one of the leading banks in the United States by combining the best aspects of national scale and local banking, supported by a strong and resilient balance sheet. We have top five scale positions in attractive local banking markets. But unlike other local and regional banks, we are not constrained by geography because we have national access to consumer assets and a national brand. As a result, we are in advantaged position to deliver attractive and sustainable results, including modest loan growth, moderate deposit growth and strong returns and capital generation. We expect that our strong capital and capital generation will enable us to deploy substantial capital for the benefit of our shareholders. We expect to deploy capital in multiple ways, including investing capital in organic growth, pursuing attractive acquisitions across our businesses and returning capital to our shareholders. We believe that returning capital to our shareholders will be an increasingly important part of how we deliver value. With that, Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Don Fandetti from Citi.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Good morning. Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your new Card business in the quarter in terms of acquisitions? I mean, where in the credit spectrum are they compared to where you've been historically? And can you talk a little bit about rates and competition in the business as you see it emerging?
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Don. I'm really pleased that the Card business is starting to see more traction. One thing that we said all through the CARD Act as it was unfolding and being implemented is that our business model is going to remain intact not only in terms of the revenue margin of the business but actually, the business model that we have. So the more things change in some ways, the more they stay the same. There's been a redistribution of the revenue model for all players and more move toward very upfront pricing and a return toward a greater emphasis for the industry, which we're so pleased with. The leverage is really sustainable, upfront underwriting. The businesses that we've spent so many years developing are now thriving again. So similar places along the credit spectrum. And for us, it's a matter of taking all the subsegments of the business and looking at the market clearing price and comparing that with what we need on a sustainable basis and sensitive to some of the limitations with respect to dynamic pricing over time that's going to be allowable in the business. And what has happened with -- let me talk about the marketplace for a second. It is very clear that supply has continued to rebound in the marketplace. Mail volumes are now back to 2007 levels. They are still at about 60% of the all-time high levels in the business. But don't necessarily be fooled by that, because there's much more marketing now on the Internet and things beyond what is captured kind of by the mail volumes. So my feel of the business is we're close to the competitive levels from the heyday of the Card business. For us, we find some subset to the Card business. The pricing is still below where it needs to be for resilience, and we're staying back in those areas. And in quite a number of places though, the price levels are such that we can generate attractive returns. So what I'm finding when I meet with my Card people, every time we meet with them, you can just feel a little bit more traction, a little bit more bounce in their steps and a little bit more validation that the consumer is stepping up and buying these products.
Donald Fandetti - Citigroup Inc: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mr. Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Regarding the marketing, we saw it down less than what normal seasonality pre-recession would dictate. Is this a -- first of all, are we seeing a direct indicator that opportunity is increasing as you just said? Secondly, is this a move toward the former pre-recession highs in marketing spend, or is there no reason to get back to those levels based on market demand right now?
Richard Fairbank: Craig, yes. I mean, I think the fact that marketing didn't drop as much as -- perhaps the seasonal usual is a reflection of the fact that we see good opportunities out there. The kind of things that we are going after, Craig, are pretty expensive in terms of new account origination. I mean, the one kind of universal description I would lead you to on our Card business is that we're not focusing nearly as much on business that generates balance transfers and kind of immediate loan growth. What all across our Card business is very focusing on: the things that are the longer-term, lower attrition, really highest quality annuities. In almost every case, that tends to take us toward the higher cost to acquire and relative to some of our historical norms, and that's very advertising and marketing sensitive. So I think you should expect that our investment in marketing will continue to be pretty robust. The actual levels, of course, will depend on the opportunity, the magnitude of the opportunity as it continues to unfold.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: I guess you've been linked or speculated to be looking at a lot of deals in the press over the past couple of months. And maybe if you could just talk about acquisition ambitions overall, and maybe specifically address three different categories of kind of traditional branch-based banks, Internet deposits? And it seems like there might be a few credit card, U.S. credit card properties for sale. Would you ever be interested in buying another U.S. credit card business?
Richard Fairbank: Okay, Brian. Well, our long-standing policy, of course, is we don't talk about specific potential targets. Let me just talk generally about our philosophy of acquisition. I've been saying for a long time, internally and externally, that a recession is a bad thing to waste in a sense. There's no doubt the Great Recession will give rise to a lot of properties that would otherwise not have been for sale and also create many of these opportunities at prices that are dramatically lower than they would have otherwise been. So as a general strategic premise, we've had an interest in capitalizing on that, given the strength of our position as we go through the Great Recession. As we've commented to investors, we tend to look more broadly than a lot of players. A lot of banks are focused only on banks. And we certainly look at banks. We have looked at lending companies and asset portfolios, partnerships. And what we are very focused on, growth platforms and very strong financial plays. And we've been through quite a few of the processes associated with these things. You know that we don't have much to show for it, and hopefully, that's inspiring to our investors in a sense that we've been very financially disciplined. And in fact, the only acquisitions that we've done since Chevy Chase have been on the partnership side. Kohl's, Sony, Hudson's Bay type of thing. So we'll continue to look. We'll continue to be financially disciplined. And I would reiterate that I do think, over the next 18 to 24 months, the Great Recession will continue to give rise to acquisitions that otherwise really wouldn't have happened.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And then just as a follow-up, just to be clear. So I think the growth guidance on U.S. Card is exactly the same as what you said last quarter, so just to clarify that. And then also, what underlying -- you mentioned some of the points of underlying evidence, but maybe if you could just go into more detail, it seems like the spend volume is accelerating. I don't know if that's part of the confidence, but what other data points are you seeing when you look through your book that give you the confidence that loans will stop shrinking and grow modestly over the rest of the year?
Richard Fairbank: Brian, our confidence about growth is mostly from just looking at internal things that are happening in our business. If you start kind of conceptually from the outside, thinking about growth before I talk about inside and our own results, I think it's an unclear picture about the growth trajectory of the Card business. The consumer has been deleveraging, although the consumers' extent of deleveraging is now kind of stabilizing. And, of course, we've enjoyed the benefits of consumer deleveraging as a contributor to great credit. The Card business, it's a bit of a different Card business now. The industry has been battered. The consumers -- I don't think the consumers fully demonstrated how much collectively they're going to step up and be the same consumers they were before with respect to cards. We'll have to take a look at that. One thing I do want to say though, is a kind of quiet effect that I really think is a big one that's going to be in favor of card. And that is that, I think one of the biggest things that took a chunk out of the really high-quality credit card market in the past decade has been this meteoric rise of home equity. And obviously, that competition is going to be a shadow of its former self. So I think, conceptually, we're bullish. We're cautiously optimistic about some return to modest growth for the card industry. We're not really planning on it or counting on it. The thing that gives me a bounce in my step is the things that I see internally. Because as we go segment and subsegment in our business, we're just seeing, based on, of course, the testing that we do, pretty consistently a pattern of steady moderate improvement in response rates, coupled with very strong performance of the actual origination programs. So we're pretty bullish about the return to moderate growth in the Card business. But the thing I want to point you to is I don't think that the full bounce in our step that we have about this won't immediately manifest itself in the metrics that you see necessarily. Because this time, a lot of the things we're doing does have the slower ramp, the longer-term -- I mean, a little bit longer paybacks and its really longer, very high-quality annuities. Where I think you will see this show up over time -- yes, it will include loan and revenue growth but a little bit slower for each vintage than before. You already see the significant growth in purchase volume, and that's very indicative of some of the emphasis we've had on the top end of the marketplace. But also, I think, what you'll find over time, that the enduring strength on credit is going to be increasingly driven by the performance of recent vintages as they because the majority of the portfolio. So collectively, we feel quite optimistic about the opportunity to really create value in this business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. A little bit surprised to not see any more detail, but could you give me an update on where you stand on the mortgage Rep and Warranty situation, any material changes in the key rates there or the claims you're seeing or anything paid out? Can you give us an update there? And then sort of a broader question, I think your results certainly have been pretty remarkable given the improvement in credit quality. Obviously, we're still concerned about the churn in the portfolio, and it sounds like we're getting some traction there. What do you think -- I guess from a strategic standpoint, you talked about the bank and the local deposit gathering and national lending scale, it is, I think, starting to come together. When do you think that we'll hear more from Capital One? Either through an Investor Day or a broader, I think, a best relations approach to get this message out there? I think your numbers really have not been fully reflected in the stock price, and I think it's a lot of -- sort of legacy issues are falling away, and I think the opportunity here, as you look ahead, seems to be pretty compelling. I was just wondering if you're planning on telling that message a little more forcefully in the future? Thanks.
Gary Perlin: Hey, Chris, it's Gary. Let me take your first question on Rep and Warranty. And, I guess, the news here is that there wasn't much news, which is why we haven't focused too much on it. Overall, Rep and Warranty expense in the quarter was about $40 million, of which, about $30 million was an increase in the Rep and Warranty reserve. It's a small increase. We're now up from $816 million to $846 million, and most of the increase was driven by a moderate uptick in intensity among a subset of whole loan investors. So you'll see it show up in the Q in the reserve related to non-GSE, non-insured securitization. That is the biggest news. Otherwise, there hasn't been much change in what we've seen in terms of either claims or activity. And so without much of a change in the outlook, there's not much else to add.
Richard Fairbank: Chris, I appreciate your comments about how slowly but surely, and sometimes maybe a little too quietly, our results have shown through. And we're certainly well positioned for opportunities from here. I think it's not necessarily our style to go out to the highest mountain top and trumpet, "look at this and look at that" Particularly, you can hear a little bit of my caution this time, that so much of what I'm most excited about is stuff that more gradually makes its way into the metrics as opposed to very dramatically doing that. But I most certainly take your feedback to heart. And Gary and I are very committed to making sure that we get our message out there to all of our investors in a variety of different forms. And I certainly think we'll have a lot to tell and I'm -- yes, go ahead.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Well, I just think, some of this has been coming for a long time, and I remember that you really have a very strong bench behind you in terms of people who run these businesses and have a very compelling story to tell. And for years and years and years, you had an Annual Investor Day and you really got a good sense of the people that's behind the scenes and the franchise you have underneath the surface rather than looking at the top down. And back then, it was just mostly the Card business. But you still got an opportunity to talk about Auto and other things you were doing back in those days. Today, this company has been under a significant transformation with the banking businesses. We've also had, obviously, a lot to talk about on what's happening on the regulatory front and the changes that's taking place in your Lending business. But yet, it's been a long time since we've had the opportunity to really go into the details. And as I go out and talk to investors on Capital One, a lot of people don't -- even people who are supposedly close to the name don't really understand what you bring to the table as a company, because it's been so long that you've been able to go in there and do a deep dive. So I just get that feedback consistently. I think as time is getting closer, where the recession issues that may have been so distracting, it made it difficult to have an event like that are behind us. And now, I think there really is a compelling story to tell. So many numbers this morning, I mean, these numbers suggest that you are delivering excellent returns and excellent result, and I think there's a bright future ahead on the earnings front. And I think we should be closer to getting that message out to investors in a more comprehensive way.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Chris. We hear you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rich Shane from JPMorgan.
Richard Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. When we look back at what was causing the industry run-off, it was a combination of lower supply of credit and lower demand from consumers which would, I think -- you highlighted was that the supply of available credit is increasing but demand has not. When you look at the tools and strategies available, whether its promotional rates or higher line limits or whatever is out there, what do you think you guys are going to do to stimulate consumer demand?
Richard Fairbank: I'm not sure that we have any magic answers to stimulate consumer demand. The one thing I would say -- but I want to just comment for a second that I think all of us, internally and externally, can sometimes be measuring the -- our standard of the ability of the company to grow value is really kind of driven by how much can we, say, grow the loan book. And I think that the consumer is paying us in value creation in pretty profound ways by their current behavior. And we need to be pretty careful what we wish for. So for starters, the absolutely just astonishing -- and I've been doing this for 22 years -- the astonishing divergence of credit performance from the economy is really extraordinary. And an important factor in that, I think, is the consumers' deleveraging and just being so careful. The second way, and it's a sibling of this, but a way that we find value can be so dramatically created, frankly, in this ostensibly weak environment is through the very, very strong credit performance actually of the people who are stepping up to get credit cards. And I think that we've been very, very pleased with the performance of some of our recent vintages. And I think that what is emerging is a healthier and more savvy maybe and discriminating user of credit cards. And I think that in terms of the opportunity, end of the day to me and Gary and all of our team, it's really not about how much we can grow loans. It's really about how much can we create value. And when we compare the kind of pound-for-pound ability to really create value on this side of the downturn versus before, we're finding just sort of total value creation per year as we measure, kind of add up all the NPV. And so even with the sort of weaker overall volume levels, we're pretty much getting to, kin our Card business, the places that we were years ago, over the heyday of the company. And there's a lot of value to be created there. It will show up a little slower and manifest a little bit differently with the metrics. And, of course -- then on top of that, we have the Auto business that is performing at the very high level. The Commercial business, where we have been had among the lowest charge-offs in the nation for the major players. Quietly, that's picking up traction as well. So I think there's a lot of opportunity even if it's in the context of a little less loan growth to really create value at the kind of levels that you were used to us doing sort of year-after-year in the middle of this past decade.
Richard Shane - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Well, I guess, ultimately, it's a lot easier to give money away than to get it back, is what you're saying?
Richard Fairbank: That has been the haunt. Ever since I got into banking 22 years ago, this odd thing that the industry, for many years actually, and especially now, like, the hardest thing for banks, is to create assets. And I always say, is it really -- can't people find a way to give away money? But you really get to the heart of the thing that it's really about getting it back. And so I would, any day, choose an environment where customers are more discriminating and more challenging. But their behavior surprises us on the outside with respect to the strength of the quality of those customers. And so what I find is -- part of what's exciting me is a combination of a consumer that's in a very, very good place, surprises to the upside on the credit side combined with a competitive playing field that is dramatically leveled. And it really enables our company, who, at times, felt we were playing a bit with one hand tied behind our back, able to go out there and play with all of our limbs, using it competitively. The combination of those two things creates a very, very sound environment to create value for the company, even though paradoxically, it's in the context of sort of lower nominal growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Yes, on your average balances and net interest income and net interest margin table, am I interpreting this the right way? Or, Gary, are you both asset and liability sensitive? In other words, it looks -- I mean, how are you managing to keep your net interest margin actually a little bit higher on a linked-quarter basis in this environment? And so are you one of the few companies I've ever seen over a long period of time where you're both asset and liability sensitive? In other words, you're benefiting from lower rates and when rates go higher, I would think, given the components of this table, you might actually have margin expansion.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I appreciate that. I appreciate your comment, Bruce.
Gary Perlin: And I guess I'll take the other part of that one, Bruce. Look, going forward, I think the outlook would be for the net interest margin to be pretty stable. With respect to this quarter, Bruce, let's recall that what we've been saying for a while is still true, which is our balance sheet has become naturally more asset-sensitive because we have more floating-rate assets, both card and commercial loans. And with an increasing share of indeterminate maturity deposits on the balance sheet, that kind of lengthens out the liabilities. So naturally, we're more asset-sensitive. But given the current rate environment, we have adjusted the balance sheet to be somewhat liability-sensitive to take advantage of the circumstances. So I think that's the overall explanation on the deposit side. On the funding side, again, you did see a decline of about 9 basis points in our cost of funds. We are continuing to swap out of older, longer-dated capital market-type maturities in broker deposits and CDs into deposits. So there is still an opportunity to substantially decrease the opportunity going forward given where we stand in terms of our deposit share of funding and where rates are. And I think on the asset side, Bruce, it's important to remember, although there's been good fundamentals strength in the asset yields, particularly, say, in the Auto Finance business, in Card there could be just a little more drift given the fact that favorable credit trends that have positively affected our asset yields in Card, we'll stabilize it at some point and perhaps with growth even go a little bit the other way. We'll have to see what happens with the mix of balances and so forth. But I do believe you should take away a pretty good stability over all in net interest margin. And given the overall environment, I think we're pretty happy with that.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Stilmar with SunTrust.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Rich, you've talked about credit in a lot of detail this quarter and I appreciate it and then talked about it being sustainably low relative to history. How much of that is because the quality of the individual customer has changed for the same segment versus the market and everybody's kind of moved up market? And is it just that you're getting better risk-adjusted returns by moving up market, or is that the quality of the customers for that same segment has dramatically changed in your perspective of sustainably low? And then my follow-up question is specifically with Kohl’s. It seems, if I understand it correctly, Kohl’s is going to be managing the Card portfolio. What is it about the Kohl’s business that allows you to let another person manage that business? And what is it that's strategically important that you can learn from it? Or is there a platform -- can you walk me through a little bit of a rationale, because Capital One has always done such a good job of managing its customer base? Thank you.
Richard Fairbank: Okay, John. So I think that the -- So the credit quality -- look, I don't want to overdose on this point, but I do want to say credit quality, I'll comment two levels. First of all, credit quality overall, that shows up in our portfolio and our competitors' portfolio. This phenomenon, I call it divergence, because our card losses have declined 480 basis points since the first quarter of 2010, while unemployment rate has dropped only 90 basis points. That's a pretty dramatic effect. You probably -- in order of importance, I think the biggest factor is the unemployment is different this time. And what I talked about earlier, that longer-term unemployment, while a very serious issue for the economy, is less of a driver really of what's going on. And on credit portfolios and shorter-term unemployment, it's well off its peak. So that creates a positive performance. Secondly, the portfolio replacement effect is starting to get bigger. It's a very big deal in the Auto business. And I'll come back to the performance of our own little vintages to your question, but that one is driving things. Portfolio seasoning related to being on -- a lot of our book has aged past the peak loss period and the consumer behavior with lower debt burden. So the first kind of headline about the Card business is the portfolio of ours and our competitors performs better. A lot of the drivers of that are the same thing that caused originations, even in the context sometimes of not a lot of demand out there to perform better. And yes, to your point, sometimes you can get a little bit better performance pound for pound from the same kind of underlying credit metrics than you could at other times during the cycle. And that's really almost definitionally what positive or negative selection is about. I'm not saying there's dramatic positive selection right now, but we've had a lot of negative selection in the time leading up to the Great Recession. Finally, let me just talk about Kohl's and partnerships. You've seen a lot of movement in Capital One with respect to partnerships like Kohl’s, and you see it in Hudson's Bay and Sony and Delta in Canada, for example. And it's interesting, this really isn't a change in strategy for Capital One. We've always liked the partnership business. We're similar to what we do with acquisitions in general though. It really depends on price, and the pricing used to be almost insane in this business. It's become a lot more rationalized, and I'm talking about the bid price to get these portfolios. Many or most partnerships are uneconomic and not really a great thing. So the key is it's all about which ones. What we are doing is going after businesses like Kohl’s that are premier partners with great customer base, great customer loyalty, a real commitment to a card business that's not just for the retailer to be a big moneymaker, but really a way to drive better loyalty with their best customers. And so in being selective, we've stepped up to the plate. And a company like Kohl’s is really, to me, exhibit A in this. They are very, very committed to doing all the things that build a long-term, great customer relationship. And I find that we're essentially soulmates with respect to that long-term focus. And therefore, we find, as we sit down to make joint decisions on things like credit and how to build a franchise, we're completing each other's sentences. And I think that bodes very well. It's reflective of the whole focus of Capital One across everything we're doing, do the things that build the long-term franchise. And that's what we're doing. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG: Rich, given all the discussion you had about the leveling of the playing field, I mean, I'm curious to know how you view what your competitors are doing in this environment. Because it just seems to me that they probably, even to a greater extent than you, kind of narrowed their focus to a more persistent and regular card member, which means they have likely got to be going to people that already have a credit history and already have a card somewhere. Doesn't that mean that kind of attrition amongst the major card issuers is going to be the norm rather than the exception? And how are you thinking about -- forget acquisition for a second, but retention in the next year or so, and how that might impact the results?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, I think it's a really good point. One of our real friends -- and I know I speak for the industry here, I would guess -- one of our friends, quietly, during the downturn, has been retention. I mean, there's no doubt that attrition rates for us -- in addition to kind of the macro trend of Capital One to continue to build, focused more and more on those long-term franchise things, in addition, we've had the wind at our back with respect to retention. Because, I think, people during the Great Recession kind of wanted to hang on to what they have. We are expecting significant increases in attrition from here. I think that is very, very logical. I think that we can expect the cost to originate, accounts is going to be high, Moshe. And it's not lost on me that so many players are going right at, for example, the top end of the market, the heavy spender transactor part of the market. Obviously, you've seen Capital One with our investments in businesses like Venture and so on. And you can see it manifest itself in the pricing, not only kind of the amount of marketing, but Moshe, see it in reports that you feature every month. But we see in those markets teasers are lengthening. First, purchase spend incentives, related incentives, are rising. The amount of rewards given at the time of sign-up are going up. Foreign exchange fee is going down. And so these are all the manifestations of things that we have seen in the ebb and flow of competition for 20-some years. So to us, we start with the assumptions that the environment will be just as you described. And then to us, it's a matter of testing and validating that we can create real value in this context. And because of the effect that you're talking about, Moshe, we find that whole parts of the Card business, we have to stay back from because the market clearing price just isn't good enough. Part of my message here today though, is on a microsegmented basis. There are a lot of pockets of the market that still, despite intense competition, I think, are generating very consistent kind of NPV per marketing dollar and NPV on any metric as we've seen during the heydays and powered, again, by strong credit quality and long-term annuities.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Well, that would conclude our call for today. Thank you all for joining us on the conference call, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. Have a great day.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary Perlin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Michael Taiano - Sandler O’Neill & Partners Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Bill Carcache - Macquarie Research
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Marie. Welcome, everyone, to Capital One's fourth quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2010 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through the presentation tonight. To access a copy of this presentation and the press release, please go to the Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the  SEC. Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon, to everyone listening to the call. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter of 2010, Capital One earned $697 million or $1.52 per share, down from $803 million or $1.76 per share in the third quarter, as a reduction in net interest income and increase in non-interest expenses were partially offset by improved provision expense. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2009, earnings were up $321 million or 85%, driven entirely by lower provision expense. A modest decline in revenue over linked quarters, coupled with a 5% increase in non-interest expense mostly driven by an increase in marketing, led to a 7% decline in pre-provision earnings during the fourth quarter. The continued improvement in charge-offs across most of our businesses offset the reduced quarter-over-quarter allowance release, resulting in a 3% drop in provision expense.  At this point, I actually think it's more telling to focus on year-over-year trends. You'll find these on Slide 4. 2010 earnings reflect in large part where we've been in economic cycle and the impact of recent changes in the regulatory environment. After tax earnings, were up over 200% in 2010 from $884 million to $2.7 billion, and following the reduction of TARP preferreds in 2009, EPS in 2010 was up more than sevenfold, from $0.74 per share to $6.01.  The biggest driver of this change was a striking improvement in credit, which impact was heightened by FAS 167 consolidation on January 1, 2010, offset by several other factors. These include reduced non-interest income, largely as a result of implementing the CARD Act, declining loan balances resulting from consumer caution, portfolio runoffs and still elevated charge-offs and an increase in non-interest expense, especially as we ramped up marketing and integrated Chevy Chase Bank. We expect that some of these trends will continue to affect our 2011 results, given the outlook for a slow-paced economic recovery and the full year effect of legislative changes. Let's look a bit deeper into recent trends and what they say about the future. Pre-provision earnings declined in 2010 over 2009 levels for several reasons: Revenues were down, but only 4% on a year-over-year basis even in the wake of a 9% reduction in the average loans and the implementation of the CARD law in 2010 as well. These negative headwinds were partially offset by margin benefits associated with a lower cost of funds. On the expense side, marketing increased over 60%, largely in the back half of 2010 from very low levels in 2009 as the opportunity to acquire new accounts grew during this year. While operating expenses were up modestly year-over-year, the increase was primarily related to the full year effect of the Chevy Chase Bank acquisition.  The year-over-year improvement in earnings in 2010 was primarily driven by a 50% decline in provision expense as we experienced a dramatic improvement in both losses and allowance expense. As credit improved over the course of the year, we saw charge-offs fall by some 20% or nearly $1.8 billion in 2009. The combination of a consistently better outlook for future losses and a smaller managed loan book also led to a 33% reduction in our loan loss allowance from the beginning of 2010. Looking ahead, the lingering economic and regulatory impacts of 2010 will likely impact the full year income statement in 2011. We'll experience the full year impact of CARD law-related changes, which were implemented over the course of 2010 and expect that the lower starting point for loans will cost the average book in 2011 to be comparable to that of 2010 even as balances grow over the year. Margins will be affected by cross currents as the on-boarding of lower yielding and lower loss assets are offset to some extent by a lower year-over-year average cost of funds higher transaction volume. Non-interest expenses are also likely to increase in 2011, assuming increased market opportunities seen in late 2010 continue through this year. While it's harder to predict provision expense, recent trends suggest that we should expect charge-offs to continue their downward trend, although the outsized allowance releases of 2010 will abate at some point. It's hard to say exactly when these transitions will be complete, but several things are becoming clear. We are near the end of the CARD law-related changes and we expect relatively less impact from other aspects of recently enacted financial legislation.  Loan balances are stabilizing. Marketing and partnership opportunities are evident and headwinds such as portfolio runoffs and charge-offs continue to abate. Our banking infrastructure has matured and become stale scalable. Thus, we expect over the course of coming quarters to see evidence of the path to solid and sustained performance beyond 2011. Before I turn the call over to Rich, I'd like to focus on the company's capital generation. Slide 5 shows that our Tier 1 common ratio increased 60 basis points to 8.8% in the fourth quarter of 2010. We continue to be very comfortable with our capital and its expected trajectory. TCE has improved consistently and regulatory ratios should rise steadily after a temporary decline in the first quarter of 2011 resulting from the final phase-in of risk-weighted assets dictated by the regulatory transition to FAS 166/167 and an increase in disallowed DTA caused by the turn of the calendar year, such that the regulatory look-back period for DTA now includes the most recession-affected years.  While we are highly confident in the level and trajectory of our Basel I ratios, I should also note that Basel III will have only minor effects on Capital One. In fact, we expect to exceed Basel III required minimums plus conservation buffers throughout 2011.  Capital One is of course one of the 19 banks participating in the Fed's current capital plan review. We submitted our capital plan including stress scenarios on January 7, and while we don't of precisely when we'll hear back from the Fed, we expect that it will be during the first quarter. We've been using stress tests as a way to assess our risks and manage our capital for years and continue to maintain substantial buffers over a full range of stress scenarios.  As for our fundamental capital trend, strong business performance, coupled with the abatement of headwinds from 2010, positions our company to be highly capital generative over the coming years. Many of the headwinds we faced in our regulatory ratios will shortly turn to tailwinds. Even with an increasing loan book, the completion of regulatory consolidation will lead to slower growth in the denominator of our regulatory capital ratios over the next couple of years as compared to the recent past. And the numerator of these ratios will rise, not only in line with earnings retention but also with a steady decline in disallowed DTA, which we expect will be around $2 billion at the end of the first quarter, and will largely disappear over the next couple of years. We expect that our strong capital position and generation will enable us to deploy capital in the service of shareholders to generate attractive returns in 2011 and beyond.  With that, I'll turn it over to Rich, to discuss the performance our businesses in greater detail. Rich?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll also focus tonight on some of the underlying trends that have shaped our results in 2010 and how these trends are likely to play out in the future. I'll begin with loan and deposit volumes on Slide 6. For the year, loans declined by $11 billion, with about $6 billion of that decline from the expected runoff of mortgages, installment loans and Small Ticket Commercial Real Estate [CRE]. In the fourth quarter, loans declined about $400 million. Our mortgage, installment loan and Small-Ticket CRE run-off portfolios declined about $1.4 billion in the quarter. So excluding run-off portfolios, loans grew by about $1 billion across our business.  In the second half of the year, we've started to see some stabilization in loan volumes and early signs of a return to loan growth in 2011. When we retrenched and repositioned our Auto Finance business early in the recession, our quarterly originations dropped to a run rate equivalent to about $5.5 billion a year. In the last two quarters of 2010, the quarterly originations have grown to a run rate of about $9 billion a year. Auto Finance loan balances hit their trough in the second quarter and grew modestly in the second half of 2010. We've also seen modest growth in our Commercial Banking loans in the second half of 2010 despite the expected runoff in Small-Ticket CRE.  In our Domestic Card business, we restarted the engine for future growth in 2010. We increased marketing investments and acquired new partnerships. We laid the groundwork for future organic growth, with improvements in customer service and great new products like the Venture card. We're gaining traction in our Domestic Card business. Fourth quarter Domestic Card purchase volumes grew 10% compared to the fourth quarter of 2009. Purchase volumes have grown even as overall loan balances have declined. This reflects an ongoing change in the mix of our Domestic Card loans toward rewards products with higher spending levels, lower revolving balances and lower loss rates. New account originations in the fourth quarter of 2010 were more than double the originations in the fourth quarter of 2009. Excluding the installment loan runoff, Domestic Card balances grew by $700 million in the quarter. It is likely that normal seasonal patterns will drive the first quarter decline in Domestic Card loans and that the first quarter will be the bottom for Domestic card loan balance. We expect that loans will grow after the first quarter. By the end of the second quarter of 2011, we expect Domestic Card loan balances to be higher than they are or were at the end of 2010, with further growth expected in the second half of 2011. We expect the headwinds of elevated charge-offs and installment loan runoff will subside somewhat. We are well-positioned to gain share on the new level playing field created by the CARD Act, and we expect to add partnership loan portfolios and growth platforms, including the Kohl's partnership early in the second quarter. Compared to our existing Domestic Card loans, we expect that the Kohl's portfolio will have lower revenue margin and lower charge-offs, resulting in strong risk-adjusted returns. Deposits in our Consumer and Commercial Banking businesses grew by about $4.5 billion in the fourth quarter, continuing the strong growth we've experienced throughout 2010. The growth in bank deposits enabled us to bring down higher-cost wholesale funding. Our total cost of funds improved in the fourth quarter as a result of mix shift toward deposits and away from wholesale funding, as well as continued deposit price discipline. Our loan-to-deposit ratio now stands at 1.03. Slide 7 shows margin trends throughout 2010. Net interest margin declined modestly in the quarter. In our Domestic Card business, loan yields declined as the result of two factors. Although the improving credit performance and outlook continue to favor margins in the quarter, the magnitude of this benefit was slightly lower than in prior quarters. And the full quarter effect of lower late fees resulting from the CARD Act also pressured Domestic Card loan yields and margins in the quarter. We now believe that substantially, all of the impacts of the CARD Act are fully reflected in the Domestic Card net interest margin and revenue margin. Stronger than expected deposit growth in the quarter drove a mix shift of earning assets from loans to the lower-yielding investment portfolio, and the yields on investments declined modestly in the quarter. These trends were partially offset by the improvement in the funding costs. Revenue margin declined in the quarter, driven by the same factors that impacted net interest margin. In 2011, we expect margins to remain at strong levels, though they may drift downward modestly depending on pricing in the competitive environment and the timing and pace of loan growth. We expect a continued funding mix shift toward deposits in 2011, which should provide modest funding cost benefit to the net interest margin. Slide 8 shows credit results for our consumer businesses. Improving consumer credit results continue to be a key driver of strong profitability across our businesses. Domestic and International Card charge-off and delinquency rates improved in the quarter despite seasonal pressure. Mortgage portfolio charge-offs increased in the quarter. Loss severities were higher as a result of continuing weakness in collateral values. Delinquency trends were stable.  Seasonal pressure drove a modest worsening of Auto Finance delinquencies during the quarter. Auto Finance charge-offs were flat. The credit performance of new originations remain very strong. Credit improvements in our consumer businesses continue to outpace the modest and fragile economic recovery. This favorable divergence continued and even increased in the fourth quarter. While overall unemployment rate is expected to remain elevated for an extended period of time, we're seeing higher correlation between short-term unemployment rates and our delinquency rates.  In addition, we're seeing the benefits of seasoning loan portfolios and strong performance of recent loan vintages across our consumer lending business. We expect that credit improvement in our consumer lending businesses will continue to outpace the economic recovery. Slide 9 shows credit results for our Commercial Banking business. Commercial Banking credit metrics showed signs of improvement for the third consecutive quarter. Non-performing asset rates were stable in the middle market C&I business and improved across the rest of our commercial lending businesses. In addition to the improvement in Non-performing Asset rates, we experienced a third consecutive quarter-over-quarter decline in the dollar amount to criticized loans, reflecting stabilization across our Commercial Banking businesses.  During the quarter, we saw continuing improvement in the commercial real estate market. For the third quarter in a row, leasing activity and vacancy trends remain strong in New York, where we have our largest CRE exposure. Traditional CRE investors continue to reenter the market providing needed liquidity. And sponsors continue to invest new equity into troubled transactions, enabling us to right-size many of our troubled loans. We expect that the worst of the commercial credit cycle is behind us, but we expect a few more quarters of uncertainty and choppiness in commercial charge-offs and nonperformers. I'll close tonight on Slide 10. Throughout the Great Recession and the most sweeping regulatory reforms in generations, we've made tough choices and bold moves that have helped us to weather the storm relatively well and put us in a strong position to deliver shareholder value today and in the future. We've emerged from the recession as one of the nation's leading banks by combining the advantages of National Lending and Local Banking.  In 2011, we believe that our businesses will demonstrate line of sight through a very attractive destination. While we won't get all the way to the destination in our Domestic Card business in 2011, we expect to make significant progress. Excluding the runoff Installment Loan portfolio, Domestic Card loans are growing now. We expect further growth in 2011 as the headwinds in installment loan runoffs and elevated charge-offs subside.  New accounts originations are growing. Purchase volume growth is strong. Our new products and great customer service are winning in the marketplace. We're well-positioned to gain share. We're bringing new partnerships onboard, and of course, credit continues to improve. We expect that our Domestic Card business will continue to deliver industry-leading returns in 2011 and beyond.  Our Auto Finance business delivered modest growth with improving credit and strong returns in 2010. We expect that Auto Finance origination volumes and returns will remain strong in 2011. Elsewhere in Consumer Banking, our Retail Banking business is delivering strong growth in low-cost deposits and customer relationships. Our commercial business is demonstrating positive trajectory, with the worst of the commercial credit cycle behind us, we expect to grow low-risk commercial loans in 2011.  Increased emphasis on treasury management services and deeper relationships with our commercial customers enabled the strong growth in fourth quarter non-interest income, and it provides revenue growth opportunities in 2011. And we're delivering strong commercial deposit growth at attractive spreads.  Transactional services bring new commercial customer relationships, and of course, deepened existing relationships. We can generate future loan revenue growth by expanding these relationships in 2011 and beyond. Pulling up, we built a bank that's in a strong position to deliver attractive and sustainable results, including moderate growth in card and auto loans, with high-risk adjusted ROAs; moderate growth in low-risk commercial banking loans, strong growth in low-cost deposits and high-quality commercial and retail customer relationships; and potential growth upside depending on consumer demand. We expect that our strong capital and capital generation will enable us to deploy substantial capital for the benefit of our shareholders. We expect to deploy capital for the benefit of our shareholders in multiple ways, including investing capital in organic growth, attractive acquisitions across our businesses and returning capital to shareholders.  We become one of the leading banks in the United States by combining the best aspects of national scale lending and local scale consumer and Commercial Banking, powered by a leading brand and a strong and growing balance sheet. In 2011, we expect that we'll continue to demonstrate significant progress toward an attractive destination for our customers, our associates, our communities and our shareholders.  With that, Gary and I will be happy to take your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich, we'll now start the Q&A session [Operator Instructions] Marie, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess, when you referenced the vintages, we try to look at vintages in the Master Trust data so we're limited at what we can see. But it just strikes me the '09 vintage in particular, and I'm guessing the '10 have very high payment rates, but also very low delinquency rates, like much lower even then, back in '05. And I wonder if you look at the whole data set you have, are you seeing the same thing? And what does that tell us about, A, the ability to grow through those higher payment rates, and then, B, the credit performance with the structurally lower delinquencies. The data for the '09 vintage actually looks something like the Canada Card market more than the U.S. market that we're used to looking at historically.
Richard Fairbank: So Brian, I think what you're seeing there is -- you're correct in your observation that recent vintages have -- I mean, frankly, this is a general observation across most of our company. But certainly, in the Card business, recent vintages are performing very strong with respect to credit. And it's a natural thing that they would have a higher payment rates and lower delinquencies. And let's savor, there's probably three reasons for this. We have been certainly very, very strict in our credit requirement going through this downturn. We also, as you've seen on national television, put a lot of emphasis on going after the very top of the Credit Card market, and we're happy with our success there and that certainly, most definitionally [ph] (34:30) get folks very high payment rates and low delinquencies. And the other thing, I think, that during this period in time, as consumers are delevering their sort of a temporary period of what you might call positive selection paradoxically in this part of the great recession, and all of that leads to stronger vintages. So we see very good vintages, and of course, the big issue is how quickly can we grow these. With each passing quarter, we feel we see more evidence of traction across all the parts of our Origination business and I think we should therefore be able to get a larger scale of the effect that you're observing.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: And if I could follow up on the marketing budget. I guess, the question I get a lot when you see a marketing budget like $300 million, is that -- you see opportunities and you have the credit tailwinds so you are spending it offensively because you can? Or is it defensive? You have to spend $300 million just to stabilize the loan book because it's a structurally tougher market to attract consumers.
Richard Fairbank: No. I mean, to us, this is very much offensive, Brian. We are very committed in this company to -- I mean, well frankly, 22 years of building a marketing and brand-oriented growth machine, if you will. And a cornerstone of that is a sustained and heavy investment in marketing. So there's a couple of components on the marketing side. Of course, we've got our actual origination programs that show up in direct mail and other Internet-based marketing that is one rollout at a time. It's a very NPV-based decision at the micro segment level. And then you also have a sustained investment my Capital One at the top of the house in terms of building brand and marketing some of our flagship products. A striking thing to us is that at a time like this when you see such weak demand generally, and frankly, quite a bit of intensity in competitor marketing, we still are finding that our returns per marketing dollars spent, and they sort of measured like NPV per marketing dollars spent, is very strong and consistent with the strong days in our past.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ken Bruce with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch: I guess, the first question I have is really maybe dovetails into your last comment there. From a competitive position, it looks like you're focused much more on Transactor business. Are you in -- some of your competitors, on the other hand, are focused more on balance transfer-type promotions. And I was wondering, is that market anymore attractive to you at this point? Or is the pricing in term dynamic within the teaser arena still not an area that you think is kind of best served by having Capital One investment dollars put at it?
Richard Fairbank: So Ken, let me make several comments on that. First of all, let me talk about the transactor marketplace. Transactor marketplace has been extremely competitive for the last two decades that I've been working in this business. And frankly, that's because it's a great business and all of the challenge is how do you get business. We all love the business that we get. It has amazingly low attrition and wonderful economics, and its blue-chip customer base. So there's a lot of competitive activity there. Each of the stakes had a bit of a different position there. We are very committed to that space. We like the success that we're having, and we're going to be continue to be very committed there. With respect to the revolver space -- and there are a lot of different segments within revolver. But let me say a few things about that. First of all, the revolver, a lot of the card industry has suffered very disappointing results on a relative basis with respect to the revolver space, particularly the pretty heavy-indebted revolvers that kind of showed good performance sort of until they got whacked in the Great Recession. So I think all of us in the industry are pulling back a little bit with respect to the zeal of pursuing, some of these intense revolver space. But here, the key things that we look at -- because again, we subdivide this into micro segments of course as you know, Ken. But as we look at this business, we have some high standards that we've been pointing out that sort of need to exist in order to pursue a particular revolver segment. And the stakes are higher now than sort of they were in the past with respect to this. And that's because in the wake of the CARD Act, the go-to-rate that we picked now is one that -- while there's some modest ability to do some repricing, this is really what we get is what we're going to have and the industry's old habits of believing that there's a lot of sort of secondary pricing and repricing opportunities have to be very much corrected. So we've been looking at what are the destination go-to-rates that can sustain not only current performance but, in fact, weather another significant recession. And if you look at the industry go-to-rates, Ken, they have gone up since the great recession began, they have gone up by about 200 basis points and they're sort of leveled off at this point. That understates the margin improvement that's going on because of course the cost of funds have declined during this period of time. So we had a few more hundred basis points and what has happened is that price level has put a number of the micro segments, when we look at the business, into an appropriate risk-adjusted kind of market clearing price. Whole other parts of the revolver as business are not at that level, and we are still therefore sitting on the sidelines with respect to this business. So there's definitely enough to work with here. But again, I caution that we all have to be very careful about the prices. I mean, the prices we said at this point we're going to be living with and I think you're going to see some caution in some segments as a result of that for Capital One.
Kenneth Bruce - BofA Merrill Lynch: And as a follow-up, you touched on this a bit, but obviously, the cost of funds has been a real benefit to the business over the last year or so. How much more improvement do you think that you can ultimately achieve in terms of a mix shift into deposits, and essentially, getting towards the front end of the yoke? Or how much more benefit do you think that has all together? And separately, within the context of fee suppression, could Gary provide me what the reserve level is for fee suppression or give us some sense as to how to think about that number going forward? It's obviously been a big help here in the last year.
Gary Perlin: Sure, Ken. That's two questions, and I'll be happy to deal with both of them pretty quickly. On the cost of funds, I think you've seen a very substantial decline over the course of last year. I think you will see a continued improvement. I would be surprised if it were as dramatically good as it was over the course of the last year, just given the fact that a lot of our swap out for older fixed-rates wholesale funds were being replaced by deposits. It's kind of working its way through. As Rich said, our deposit-to-loan ratio is pretty close to one at this point. So I think there will be some room for improvement, probably not as dramatic as we have seen. Obviously, we're at a particular point in the rate cycle as we go through that rate cycle, I think the potential for an improvement in margin is coming from better performance on the cost of fund side coming from deposits in the long run is going to be extremely helpful. So I think that's what you can look forward to there. On the revenue side, as you note, we saw a substantial decrease in the amount of suppression over the course of 2010. That came from two sources. We were assessing fewer fees in the wake of some of the changes that took place post the implementation of the CARD Act. And the collectability of those fees went up both with the performance of consumers in terms of credit, and also just collectability of fees when we are charging fewer fees. Given the fact that suppression was at only $144 million this past quarter, that's at fairly low levels, and we've kind of gone through now the implementation of the CARD Act. I wouldn't expect much movement off of current levels going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mike Taiano from Sandler.
Michael Taiano - Sandler O’Neill & Partners: First, I was just curious if you could maybe give us some color on response rates that you've seen over the last few months relative to maybe earlier in the year? And one of your competitors last month had said that they were seeing a change, an uptick in the spending that was being done on cardholders that were traditionally revolver versus the traditional transactor. I'm just curious if you were seeing a similar trend?
Richard Fairbank: Mike, the response rates, if you look at the overall the industry reports, response rates appear to be at their kind of record low at this point. Just frankly, industry mailings, for example, have gone, have returned to 70% of their prior highs. And the amount of demand, shall we say, out there probably isn't commensurate with that. So I think overall, the industry is challenged with respect to response rates. Response rates are a measure that's getting harder to interpret nowadays. And when you look at any of the external data because more and more stuff is moving to the Internet. So I think -- and particularly for so many of us that are doing a lot of originations whenever you go at the upper end of the marketplace, that's particularly -- it's pretty high cost to originate a particular account. That's why to us, it's not about the response rates per se. It's about the overall economics of the business. And I go back to the point that we're really pleased with the net present values that we're generating now despite a really competitive marketplace and consumer demand being relatively weak. But pound for pound, we're seeing it is as strong as we've seen them in the past, and we just are looking forward to getting a few more pounds of it as demand picks up a bit. With respect to the -- I don't have a specific observation to add. It's intuitive, I'd say intuitively plausible, your observation on the uptick in spending on revolvers. I don't have a particular data point on that.
Michael Taiano - Sandler O’Neill & Partners: And then just a follow-up on just capital deployment. Just I think several months back, you had said the acquisition market, particularly for portfolios seemed relatively attractive for you guys. Just given the M&A activity we've seen, and obviously it's been more towards the bank side the last month or so. I think most people are surprised that some of the premiums that are being paid, I just wonder if your view of sort of the attractiveness for acquisitions has changed at all in the last month or two.
Richard Fairbank: Well, I certainly think that we're well-positioned to be looking at acquisitions, as I've said, ranging from the performance of our business. And the triple whammy for us really has been the Great Recession, the CARD Act and FAS 166/167, and really all of that's basically moving into our rearview mirror and we find ourselves with a heavy concentration of the two businesses that are turning much faster in the recession than others. So we certainly like our positioning, and we have looked, as you mention, we have really not taken just a focus on bank acquisition, but really look across asset portfolios, asset origination deals and things on the banking side as well. And we have gone into a number of these auction-type situations and have, certainly on the banking side, we're certainly struck by how high the prices are. So we're not discouraged from that. It doesn't cause us to not take a look. But the fact that we have nothing to show for these efforts certainly on the banking side since Chevy Chase a few years ago, shows that we're still staying very disciplined. So in summary, we continue to believe the great recession will cause a lot of property to become available, and properties that otherwise wouldn't have come available across the different businesses that we're in. We're going to actively take a look, we're going to be very disciplined about it. And meanwhile, we're putting a lot of effort into restarting the origination machine. And we feel very bullish about those opportunities. The only other thing I want to say on acquisitions and that is of course we have done a number of Credit Card partnerships that involve, not only getting a partnership, but typically acquiring a portfolio there. And there's a case where we've always kind of fancied the partnership business. We go to auctions and we just couldn't believe how high the prices were years ago. Price levels have come down a lot and we're selectively going after some of the very best partnerships. And there's an example of something we've done for a long time, but waiting for pricing to get where it's right, and then we pounce.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I guess, one question for Rich following on that acquisition question before. If we were to see you guys do acquisitions this year, where would they come from specifically? I mean, is there a kind of a priority level in where you look to add inorganically? And I guess the second question for Gary, is this on the revenue margin for CARD? You guys mentioned that since all the CARD Act impacts kind of in the fourth quarter, should we expect some kind of stabilization going forward in the U.S. card revenue margin, or could there still be some impacts from the partnerships that come on, as well as CARD Act? I don't know if there is any more impact from the CARD Act. And then maybe one more Gary, can you just talk about the impact related to FAS 166/167 on the Tier 1 capital ratios again?
Richard Fairbank: So Sanjay, on the acquisition side, I think we've taken a much broader kind of scope into this then a lot of players. So literally, during this acquisition, we've looked actively in the card space, we've looked actively in the auto space, and we've even taken a look at a few growth platforms on the national lending side where we have not been in that particular business, and then we've been looking on the banking side as well. With respect to banking, certainly, our top priority is things that can enhance the footprint that we're in. We always keep an eye on attractive markets and opportunities in a market we're not in. But it would be with a very careful eye about how we could get to this kind of scale that we would want in a particular market.
Gary Perlin: Your two other questions, Sanjay, very quickly on the revenue margin, particularly in the Card business again. As we've said, both Rich and I, with most of the CARD Act implementation in our rearview mirror, I think the big effects that you're going to see over the course of the next year or so, certainly, there will be a downward impact on the revenue margin coming from the completion of some of our partnership deals. Those are both lower-yielding and lower-loss assets. And as Rich described, in particular the Kohl's portfolio in the second quarter is a $3 billion to $4 billion portfolio with both a revenue and loss sharing arrangement. And so that will -- I think it will have a material impact on the reported revenue margin in CARD. The other thing of course is that to the extent we see a pickup in volume, that often comes at a promotional rate. So that will have an effect on the revenue margin. And then lastly, as we see loss rates coming down and to the extent those appear to be something that we're going to experience for a period of time, one might expect in the competitive marketplace that margins will drift down to recognize the lower losses that we're seeing. So again, we don't see a particular change from the outlook that Rich and I have been sharing for the last year or so. On where that margin goes and those are the sources of the change. Your other question, Sanjay, on the impact of FAS 167 consolidation on Tier 1 common. So listen up, you're only going to hear this for one more quarter and then we can pretty much stop talking about it and I know we're all looking forward to that. TCE has no more effect on FAS 167. That all hit in the first quarter of 2010 when we built the allowance. In the regulatory capital ratios, the risk-weighted assets have not yet shown the full effect of FAS 167. You'll see the last dose of that in the first quarter of 2011, at which point in time, that will be complete and that will add a considerable amount of risk-weighted assets to the denominator of the Tier 1 common ratio. But still nothing that we haven't expected all along and we've been giving you a sense of that trajectory, which effectively hasn't changed. Remember, that the other item that affects our Tier 1 common or all of our regulatory ratios that doesn't affect TCE is the disallowance formula for DTA. That is at least as big an impact on our Tier 1 common in the first quarter of 2011. Because as I said earlier, we're turning the page on the calendar. When we come into 2011. Our look-back period is limited to two years for regulatory capital purposes and so now we're looking at 2009, 2010, which were the deep recession years, so disallowed DTA will go up. The net result of that is that Tier 1 common will come down in the first quarter and probably to maybe where we were a couple of quarters ago, maybe between Q2 '10 and the Q3 '10 levels but thereafter, not only will you see the fundamentally positive trajectory in our TCE flow through into our regulatory ratios, which will actually see an acceleration of accretion of regulatory capital. As the DTA rolls off, it's going to add capital to our numerator and even with loan growth, we're not going to be adding to the denominator nearly as much in the next two years as we added in the last year because of FAS 167. So hopefully, that gives you kind of most of the moving parts and pieces and explains our comfort level with all of our capital ratio and trajectories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Running at the ROA that you're achieving right now and return on tangible comment reminds me of earlier days when you were at the earlier part of your sort of younger stages of growth when you used to talk about 20% EPS growth, 20% ROE and you're there on the ROE on tangible. And I guess, some people would say that you're not getting a higher multiple because of that reserve release. But by your estimate, provision and charge-off converged by the end of this year. So $6 seems like the right normalized number, and with more deposits and far more deposits compared to 10 years ago when those were the applicable numbers, the valuation is much, much lower. So I just wanted to see if you can comment on that and what your thoughts are on what else you could do? I mean, it doesn't seem like -- I think the ROE, if I'm not mistaken, in those higher growth days was in the 1.5 to 1.6 [ph] (57:46) range and you're operating there now. So I guess, the question I would have, Rich, is I heard you talk about the loan growth for the cards and I just wonder, where would you like to have the Card portfolio as a percentage of the total? And I didn't hear you comment on growth or I might've missed it on some the other portfolios. If you could just fill that in and then any thoughts on anything that can be -- you're doing all you can. I just wonder why the valuation isn't higher given these returns?
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Bruce. Well you got some real fans here in this room for the observations that you made. But our quest in this company is to build a franchise that can generate a very attractive value-creating blend of exceptional returns and strong growth. And obviously, the issue these days has been growth and I'm going to come back and talk about that for a second. But let's start with just the power kind of the profit model of our company here. And in the CARD business I think your back of the envelope calculations are reasonable there. I mean, in the CARD business, we're sort of settling in on a -- we're kind of settling in on a return and frankly, we've made a lot of return through the Great Recession in this business. But we can kind of reach out and sort of just about touch, sort of normalized as you get back into this business. And of course, I've been saying for a long time, the revenue margin normalized and the revenue margin is 15%, and I keep looking like a liar because it keeps staying stubbornly higher than that, but doggone it, I'm still sticking with my point here that I think the revenue margin is headed for the 15. And with the Kohl's portfolio, with the higher percentage of the portfolio at teaser rates as we still got the growth a little bit more and as the market gets a little bit more competitive. But if you kind of think about destination economics, if you will, in the current business, that kind of revenue that I talked about and non-interest expense sort of in the kind of 6% neighborhood as we step up marketing a little more from where we are, as opportunities get better, credit growing to normalized levels kind of in the 5% range. And frankly, they're going to get there probably a lot sooner than the economy really recovers. And I mean, you're looking at normalized pretax ROAs in the 4% kind of range and after tax in the high twos and maybe a little to work with around the edges there as well. And so what is the manifestation I think of the power of the profit model that we've kind of built in the current business? But of course, we have a 22-year heritage of really trying to create growth opportunities in this business, and we're really, Bruce, pretty darn bullish about growth. Certainly bullish especially about market share growth in the Card business because we just love the new level playing field that's been unlevel and getting increasingly unlevel for the last 10 years for some of the card practices. We love the level playing field and while others may be retooling their business model in CARD, ours has really made it in stride through the CARD Act, and it's really ready for business. And I think in strong shape here with respect to that. And as we said, we're already really seeing growth in that business and net of run-off portfolios, there's more growth than meets the eye, and we look forward to growth in that business. It's starting to pick up after the dip in the first quarter. In other businesses, let me talk about other businesses. So take the Auto business. The Auto business, that also is a business that we're very happy with our returns in the Auto business. It's very information-based strategy, we spent many years building that. After a bit of a rough start at the beginning of the Great Recession, that thing has really generated strong returns -- and to everybody in the business, it feels like a high-growth business right now because -- it doesn't, to you, look like it because what we're having is that the runoff, the portfolio back when we were yet larger has been sort of the overall -- been holding back the kind of growth optics of the whole thing. But when we talk about Auto originations going in the fives to now a running rate of nine, this is pretty darn rapid growth and I like the upside in our Auto business. The competition has backed off a bit and where we're getting the growth, Bruce, is in deepening dealer relationships. So what we did with our dial back is we're a lot less all things to all people and we really focused on the deep dealer relationships and build as we generate the benefits of that and then expand from there. I think it's very solid line of sight to continued growth opportunities in the Auto business. On the Commercial side, Commercial Banking is a pretty solid business. We've had a strong credit foundation, we've been spending quite a bit of time to sort of build some of the infrastructural components, consistent with a top 10 bank that were necessarily there and in some of the regionals that we bought. But that business, frankly, all you have to do is squint your eyes a little bit and look sort of do a normalization of credit and you're looking at a business with return on allocated capital in the 20s type of thing. And that certainly looks attractive to us, very line of sight. And finally, we have the retail bank which, I think, represents one of the things that, Bruce, that's very differentiated that we do with our local bank. Possibly the biggest gift we give our local banks is the ability to be unbalanced and not to have to push too hard for assets. And frankly, to be able to -- in being unbalanced, not only does that lead to mitigating credit pressures, it also enables the opportunity to grow deposits at a higher rate than a lot of other banks do. So we see good growth opportunities in that. Now to get to a higher PE -- so where does Card as a percentage of the total come out in all of that? I mean, we don't have a particular target, Bruce. But the net effect of all of this, I think Card will grow and I think the rest of the company will probably grow a little bit faster. So over time, the mix will mitigate a little bit. And to get to a higher PE, I think as we really put it in the rearview mirror, the trilogy of things that have spooked investors understandably, the Great Recession, and the CARD Act and FAS 166/167, I think that we're going to be able to demonstrate to our shareholders the sustained results, the confidence that, from a risk point of view, we just risk managed quite successfully through an amazing black swan event. And now, we're generating capital, high returns. And in fact, growth that is, I think, higher than a lot of our competitors. So I'm very bullish about it, Bruce, and we look forward to seeing this happen.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Moshe Orenbuch with Crédit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG: Rich, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competition in the Auto business. I mean, some of the regional banks that are large in the business have already said they're seeing too much competition on yields and are pulling back. Two of the big standalone providers have been acquired in the last several months and probably gives them a little more firepower kind of as time goes on. And you talked about that as a growth engine. Can you talk about the competitive environment and how you see that developing? And I'm just wondering if you would be considering breaking out the mix of yields on the loans within the Consumer Banking business now that you've got several categories in there.
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, the Auto business is absolutely destined to become more competitive. It was always a competitive business. I think it got less competitive during the great recession. A lot of people backed off, a number of people literally exited the business and the Auto companies and their captives went through a number of issues. So you're absolutely right. All signs point to more competitiveness. Now with respect to the regional banks, I think what you're seeing there is less a comment on the market and more of a symptom of another issue, which is something that we believe strategically 13 years ago, when we got into this business, and that is that this is a national scale business. This is a thin margin-type business and scale. The scale of operating cost and the scale of information management in this business is going to make it increasingly difficult for regional banks to compete. And that's been a macro trend for a long time, and I really, strongly predict that will continue. So what we see is tighter pricing across the board. But it's, for us right now, the credit quality of what we've been booking, Moshe, is still enabling us even with tighter competition to generate exceptionally good returns right at the moment. But we are planning for a tougher environment. I don't think that's going to cause us to not be able to grow the way we want to in the business, but I just think that it's a very valid reminder from you that these businesses get competitive. I just think we're very well-positioned in it. We don't have any plans at this point to break out the yields with respect to the consumer portfolio. But I appreciate, it is a little complex looking at the different pieces inside that business. We'll try to do our best to give you a window into that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: I had a question on how you're thinking about the duration of the new customers that you're going after. When I hear that the hits or the response rates on the marketing is at all-time lows, but the marketing dollars are up, I just like to understand what type of duration you're expecting your new your new customers to be relative to the portfolio that's on your balance sheet today?
Gary Perlin: First of all, Betsy, I'm not necessarily saying that our response rates are at all-time low. That was an industry observation. And again these days the Internet's such an important part of the origination thing. It's response rate metric is a little bit an odd one, but it is a fair comment that the cost of acquisition is pretty high these days. Now we have been explicitly going after very high-value customers in the various segments that we go after. So it may cost a little bit more to get them, but we certainly like what we're getting. Let me make a comment on duration. First of all, attrition rates, I bet I speak for the whole industry, I certainly for Capital One -- well, Capital One our attrition rates have plummeted frankly over the years. And that's a blend of some of the change in the mix of business that we've done. It's a reflection of the huge investment in franchise that we're doing, and I think it's frankly also a manifestation of a more temporary phenomenon, which is the recession and everybody just kind of sticking with what they have. But we are finding that even with the -- all the evidence is the business that we're going after, Betsy, I think is going to have some of the best retention characteristics in the history of the 20 to 22 years I've been doing this business. And it's really -- I want to underscore how much our company is focused on building the franchise, building customers that where we can dynamically manage that customer through all of their life stages and so on. And all of this is kind of paying off in a kind of record levels of low attrition, most of which I think we'll sustain, some of it which will pick up after the recession rounds the corner.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: So the thought is, when you're thinking about that new customer and the marketing spend associated with it, to get to the ROA hurdles that you have for the customer, are you layering in anything other than credit card? Are you layering in cross-selling other products that you have?
Richard Fairbank: We actually take a very conservative approach to our MTV modeling. So most of the kind of the deep relationship upside, we don't we do not model into the original thing. So we of course make attrition estimates but things like cross sells, we really don't include them. Even a bunch of the balance build and other account management-type things that we do, we tend to take a very conservative approach on that because I've just grown to be skeptic about modeling in all of the kind of upside that's going to come, even though we believe deeply in it as a discipline. In the same way, Betsy, that we have always essentially put recessions right into -- hardwired them right into our credit forecast. We have a very rigorous kind of methodology of how do we quantify where upside exists, but make sure that we don't actually put it into our core assumptions unless we get addicted to it in a way that we could regret.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Kotowski with Oppenheimer & Co.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Just on the non-card charge-offs, were slightly up this quarter and it was actually second quarter in a row. And just is that year end cleaning up or are there some kind of trend elements in that or is there an explanation?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So in Auto, you basically -- and any credit effect we're seeing in Auto is a seasonal effect. So seasonally, this is the time that charge-offs and delinquencies are rising during this period of time. Frankly, in our own observations, if anything, the seasonal effects that the quality of the credit performance is even sometimes exceeded the seasonal effects that one would expect. But nonetheless, Auto, anything there is just seasonal. The credit performance has been very, very strong. In the Mortgage business, actually, the charge off in our Home Loans business more than doubled actually from the third quarter to the fourth from 41 basis points to 89 basis points. So I appreciate your asking that question. This was really driven by two onetime effects. First, back in the third quarter, we made a change in charge-off policy in parts of our home equity portfolios to align them all around the same charge-off policy because some of these had come from different acquisitions and things. And these have the effect of suppressing third quarter charge-offs for home loans by 15 basis points. So the fourth quarter represents more of the normal equilibrium, so it was more of a distortion in the third quarter. Secondly, we received -- as we do from time to time, we get updated home value estimates and we received updated home value estimates for 1,300 properties that were delinquent more than 180 days and that are being serviced externally. And these updated valuations led to a onetime, one-off write down on the loans, and that was a 25 basis point whack. So sort of adjusting for these onetime effects, you really had an eight basis-point move in the third quarter. In general, the home loan metrics we feel pretty good about the stabilization of those metrics. And Commercial, by the way, is a lumpy business and that is, things -- sort of if you look beyond the lumpiness, we definitely see a rounding of the corner in Commercial, and I think you're going to see commercial credit get a little bit better for next year.
Christoph Kotowski - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: And then just another little myth [ph] (1:17:20) kind of both on a consolidated basis and looking at your Consumer Banking franchise, the income, it's held rocksteady for the last couple of quarters. And it doesn't seem like you're experiencing the same drag on deposit service charges that some of the other banks are doing. So I'm curious what your secret is?
Richard Fairbank: I really wouldn't count any kind of great secret there. Let me comment for a second on the things that are whacking the revenue model of Consumer Banking and just give you some of our numbers on that NSF/OD front we see a $75 million to $100 million annual effect. And of course, this is already has gone into effect. So you really see that in the numbers. On the Durban side, like many banks, we were certainly struck that the Federal Reserve's interpretation of an already-harsh law there. But we estimate $75 million to $125 million pretax impact of that. Now, all of these estimates I'm giving you are before any clawbacks that come from revenue choices that we make, and we have nothing to announce at this point. We're certainly spending a lot of time analyzing that. So I mean, I think our retail bank is kind of hung in there. And I think the reason -- as for Capital One overall, these effects percentage-wise are not that big because we get so much of our earnings and revenue from other places. So we're going to be working hard to make sure that we can replace the earnings in another way.
Operator: Your last question comes from Bill Carcache with Macquarie.
Bill Carcache - Macquarie Research: Since you're not being directly being impacted by the double-dinner [ph] (1:20:00) changes, just a bit of a follow-up on the last comment that you just made. I guess, my initial thinking was is it fair to conclude that you're not thinking about modifying your rewards programs or adjusting your fees, but it sounds like you may still be open to it and no final determination has been made from your last comment if you could just clarify on that?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. I mean, we of course feel that we are  Directly affected by the debit interchange and I think, pound for pound, we are like other banks. We just don't have as many pounds of that business. But I think that we're looking very closely at what choices we want to make there. But I think all of our choices because this is a business that is a smaller part of our whole, we'll be done not only in the context of the local bank but also in the context of where we're trying to go as a company. Now that's a vague statement. It doesn't really -- don't read too much into it. More way of saying we're still working on it, Bill.
Bill Carcache - Macquarie Research: And as a follow-up, still on the topic of debit and everything that's been happening there. As we look ahead, do you see a shift away from debit and does that potentially present any kind of opportunity for Capital One?
Richard Fairbank: It's certainly been striking the success that debit has had, it's the most dramatic probably growth vehicle in all financial services over the last number of years. Debit, while it's been pretty breathtaking growth relative to credit card, I believe most of its growth has really come at the expense of cash and check, less so in terms of substitution with credit card. But we certainly had an eye on that. To the extent, I think you kind of have to look at, Bill, how much in the banks repricing of things. Sorry, let me make the case on either side. You, of course, can have, with the various steering kind of things going on with the lower debit interchange cost, you certainly can have merchants being more active as relative to driving more debit card use. I'm going to take the under on that because there's already been lots of reasons merchants can already drive volume to lower-cost things and create discounts that consumers end up feeling their surcharges. And I guess, I'm probably going to take the under on that particular thing. Now with respect on the other side of it, to your point that might these price changes cause a move away from debit, I think the key thing to look for there is how much are banks changing the price of deposits and the deposit banking relationships overall, as opposed to charging for debit cards. So in the limit, if they -- given that there's a lot of money that's got to be recouped, the more that they put that into the price of the debit card either on a transactional basis or in terms of having one. That actually could create a mix shift towards credit cards. If it's more about just making deposit relationships that cost more, not sure that the Credit Card is going to stand to gain that much in all of this.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much to everyone for joining us on the conference call tonight, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. If you have further questions, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer them, and I wish everybody a good night. Thanks.
Gary Perlin: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Richard Fairbank - Founder, Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary Perlin - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Kelley - Sterne, Agee Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital David Hochstim - Bear Stearns Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Michael. Welcome, everybody, to Capital One’s second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2010 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to the Capital One website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements.  For more information on these factors, please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. And now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening in to the call. Let's go straight into the income statement on Slide 3. Capital One earned $608 million or $1.33 per share in the second quarter, with all of our businesses posting a profit. As we foreshadowed in last quarter's call, lower provision expense more than offset the expected decline in pre-provision earnings.  Total revenue declined $385 million or 9%. As net interest margin was stable, the revenue decline was driven by a 4.5% decline in average loans and a decrease in noninterest income. The single largest driver of the decline in noninterest income was the absence of the first quarter's mortgage I/O bond sale. In addition, noninterest income was impacted by significantly fewer security sales and a full quarter impact of the reduction in overlimit fees resulting from the move to opt-in mandated under the CARD law. Marketing expenses rose somewhat from seasonally low first quarter levels and will likely continue to rise in the second half of the year, though the magnitude of the increase will depend on the opportunities for growth. Operating expenses increased $114 million in the quarter, which included a number of onetime items, including legal reserves and a tax accrual due the legislative changes in Canada. We expect near-term operating expenses to moderate a bit, with second half expenses approximating the level realized in the first half of the year. Credit performance continues to improve, and as a result, provision expense declined 51% or $755 million in the quarter. Charge-offs declined in each of our businesses, yielding a $301 million aggregate improvement in the quarter. Also benefiting provision expense was the release of just over $1 billion of allowance, up from a $566 million release in the prior quarter. More on the allowance in a moment.  One final item of note on the income statement was a $404 million rep and warranty expense, approximately 3/4 of which was recorded in discontinued operations. Wherever possible we have now incorporated probable future losses on an expected life-of-loan basis. The single biggest impact of this change was on GSE loans, which are now fully accounted for on this basis.  Turning to Slide 4, I'll discuss the balance sheet. Total ending loans declined by $3 billion or 2% in the quarter, with more than all of the decline accounted for by run-off portfolios and elevated levels in charge-offs. Our Domestic Card portfolio was down $1.6 billion in the quarter or 3%, as $1.3 billion of charge-offs and $1.2 billion of run-off of our Installment Loan portfolio more than offset gross originations in the quarter. With increasing quarterly origination of new accounts, improving charge-offs and a gradually moderating impact of run-off, we expect Domestic Card balances to be approaching their lows.  The Commercial Banking Loan portfolio continues to hover around $30 billion, although we did have an approximately $500 million increase in unfunded commitments for our Commercial customers in the quarter. We expect to see modest growth in this portfolio over the balance of the year.  The Consumer Banking portfolio decreased $1 billion in the quarter, about 2/3 of which was caused by the continued decline in our run-off Mortgage portfolio. Auto Finance outstandings are approaching an equilibrium where our level of new originations will equal the run-off of prior originations for that business.  We grew our Securities portfolio by $1.1 billion in the quarter, with the bulk of growth in agency mortgage-backs and floating rate asset-backed securities. The portfolio continues to perform well, and our unrealized gain position is now $930 million, up from $482 million at the end of the first quarter. On the liability side, we continue to leverage our Commercial and Consumer Banking platforms to take advantage of strong demand for deposits. By slopping out maturing securitizations liabilities and time deposits into lower-priced liquid deposits, we drove down our total cost of funds by another seven basis points in the quarter.  Securitization liability was down $5 billion in the quarter, and we expect it to end 2010 at $27 billion, a 43% decline from year-end 2009. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is now 1.08, the lowest point in our company's history. As we turn to Slide 5, I'll discuss the allowance. The continuing improvement in credit drove a reduction in allowance balances in all of our businesses in the second quarter, totaling $953 million for the company overall. $665 million of the reduction was in the Card business, the vast majority of which was in Domestic Card. This allowance release largely reflects the better-than-expected loss performance in our portfolio during the second quarter and a lower level of delinquencies. In addition, the $2 billion of lower-period end loans requires lower allowance, all else being equal.  Despite the reduction in allowance, you'll note that our Domestic Card allowances as a percent of delinquencies remained stable in the quarter. This reflects the fact that while delinquencies are improving, we are not assuming an improvement in the expected losses per delinquent dollar for the sake of the allowance.  We continue to see strong credit performance in Auto Finance, with charge-offs down $41 million quarter-over-quarter to just 2.09%. This performance, coupled with a modest reduction in outstandings, led to $158 million reduction in allowance for that business, which accounts for 2/3 of the Consumer Banking allowance release.  After many quarters of building allowance in our Commercial Banking segment, we released $33 million of allowance in the second quarter. This release was a result of both improving recent risk trends as well as further segmentation in our methodology to reflect different credit performance within segments of the business. Despite this release, allowance as a percent of nonperforming loans rose in the quarter and now stands at 149%. Rich will talk more about commercial credit in a moment. All told, despite the $953 million allowance release, we ended the second quarter with an allowance balance of $6.8 billion or 5.35% coverage on our Loan portfolio. It's reasonable to assume that our total allowance levels will likely continue to decline over the course of the rest of the year, given the historically high levels of coverage and underlying credit trends we are experiencing.  I'll now provide color on our capital ratios as we turn to Slide 6. Our tangible-common-equity-to-tangible-managed-assets ratio increased 60 basis points in the quarter to 6.1%, nearly rebounding to the levels prior to the implementation of FAS 167. This increase in TCE was primarily driven by strong earnings in the quarter and an improvement in OCI.  Taking into account the allowance, our total risk-bearing capacity is now greater than it was at any point in 2009. This increase in our risk-bearing capacity has been accompanied by a decrease in risk with ongoing improvement in credit performance.  Strong earnings and reduced loan balances in the quarter also helped our Tier 1 ratios, despite the continued onboarding of risk-weighted assets, due to the reduction in securitization levels. We still expect a declining trend in our Tier 1 ratios, however, over the near term. Rather than reflecting any fundamental weakness, this declining trend will be caused by two factors: first, the phased-in onboarding of remaining securitized assets, which begins in the third quarter of this year, will increase the denominator; second, in the first quarter of 2011, we expect a decrease in the portion of our currently elevated DTA to qualify as Tier 1 capital.  However, our Tier 1 ratios are and will continue to remain comfortably above well-capitalized levels. Once the phase-in period is complete in early 2011 and loss level has normalized further, the pro-cyclical Tier 1 ratios should more than proportionately follow the fundamental upward trajectory of TCE.  Before I pass the call over to Rich, I'd like to note that the recent enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act may have an impact on the Tier 1 treatment of our approximately $3.5 billion of trust preferred securities and provides for a phase-in period expected to begin in 2013. Given the potential change in capital treatment of these securities, we anticipate that we will determine whether to exercise our rights to redeem our trust-preferred securities at or near the beginning of the phase-in period. We look forward to receiving clarity on these issues through rule-making and other regulatory action. With that, I'll pass it over to Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on Slide 7, with a look at our margins. Net interest margin was stable in the quarter. Modest funding cost improvements were offset by a modest decline in asset yields. Asset yield decreased as a result of a greater mix of investment securities versus loans in the quarter. The decline in our revenue margin resulted mostly from the absence of onetime benefits we experienced in the first quarter, as Gary just discussed, as well as the expected decline in our Domestic Card business revenue margin.  Second quarter Domestic Card revenue margin declined 48 basis points to 16.6% as the expectations we described last quarter began to play out. Two factors caused the second quarter decline: overlimit fee revenues declined as expected, with the full quarter effect of the CARD Act opt-in requirement; and the revenue benefit from improving credit performance was smaller in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter. In the second quarter, improving credit performance continued to increase the expected collectability of finance charge and fee billings, but the favorable impact on revenue diminished somewhat from elevated first quarter levels. Looking forward, we expect that Domestic Card revenue margin will continue to decline over the next few quarters. We still expect that quarterly Domestic Card revenue margin will be around 15% by the end of 2010 or early 2011, as the major impact of the CARD Act and cyclical forces are fully absorbed.  While the overlimit fee impact has largely run its course, we expect that three factors will continue to pressure revenue margin with each factor driving about 1/3 of the expected decline. As higher margin loan balances charge off or pay down, we expect that they will be partially replaced by new originations with lower go-to and promotional rates, which will result in lower net interest margin.  The credit-related benefit to revenue we experienced in the first and second quarters is likely to diminish further. Because we were able to recognize more of the finance charge and fees we billed in the first two quarters of the year, we'll have a smaller backlog of prior billings that could be recognized in future quarters as credit improves. And our assumptions about declining late fee revenues are essentially unchanged by the Fed's final rules on reasonable and proportional late fee levels scheduled to go into effect on August 22. We expect that the third quarter Domestic Card revenue margin will show a partial quarter effect from reduced late fees and that the fourth quarter revenue margin will show the full quarter run-rate effect of this new regulation. Longer term, the revenue margin may drift downward modestly as credit continues to improve toward more normal levels. We continue to expect that Domestic Card revenue margin will remain at a level consistent with very healthy overall returns for the Card business. As you can see on Slide 8, loan balances continue to decline across our businesses. Expected run-off continues in our Installment Loan portfolio in Domestic Card, our Mortgage portfolio in Consumer Banking and our Small Ticket CRE portfolio in Commercial Banking. Overall consumer demand remains week, despite emerging pockets of improving demand and origination growth in our Domestic Card and Auto Finance business.  In our Commercial Banking business, we've increased lending and loan commitments, but utilization of committed lines remains low by historical standards, resulting in stable outstanding commercial loan balances. The pace of balance declines is slowing as charge-off improve and expected run-off abates somewhat. We expect that loan balances will find a bottom and stabilize over the next several quarters. We believe balances will begin to grow modestly in 2011. The timing and pace of expected growth remains uncertain because the timing and pace of any rebound in consumer and commercial demand remains uncertain. While we remain well positioned to gain share in our Domestic Card business and to grow modestly in our Commercial Banking business, the overall level of growth will be dependent upon broader trends in overall consumer and commercial demand.  In the face of uncertain consumer demand, we will rigorously manage credit underwriting and margins. We will work backwards from the goal of building businesses with attractive, sustainable and resilient economics. And we will take whatever growth the market will give us, rather than misguided efforts to generate growth that are either too risky or uneconomic. Slide 9 shows consumer credit trends. Charge-offs and delinquencies improved across our Consumer businesses, with the exception of an expected seasonal uptick in Auto delinquencies. These seasonal trends suggest that Auto charge-off rate will increase in the second half of 2010, but Auto Finance credit remains exceptionally strong with significant improvements as compared to the prior year.  While our consumer credit results improved in the quarter, recent economic data provides a reminder that the overall economic recovery remains fragile. May and June labor market reports were weak, and we continue to see risks in the housing markets as well, as the shadow inventory of homes in foreclosure or with severely delinquent mortgages remain very high.  Our credit results have continued to improve even as the economic recovery faltered a bit over the last couple of months. As we've discussed for several quarters, our economic assumptions have incorporated a view that economic recovery would be fragile and modest at best. While recent economic trends are consistent with our assumptions, we remain cautious, so underwriting remains tight across our Lending businesses. Credit performance also benefits from the portfolio turnover that comes with a prolonged recession. And consumer deleveraging, by definition, means that consumers are paying down debt rather than spending and borrowing. While this pressures loan growth, it also contributes to the improvement in delinquencies and charge-offs.  You can see credit trends in our Commercial Banking businesses on Slide 10. Commercial Banking credit results improved in the quarter. In addition to the improvement in charge-off rates and nonperforming asset rates, we experienced a quarter-over-quarter decline in the dollar amount of criticized loans, reflecting stabilization across our Commercial Banking businesses. Largely as a result of improving credit results, our Commercial Banking business posted a profit in the second quarter.  During the second quarter, we saw some stability return to the CRE market. Leasing activity increased, and vacancies started to decline in New York, where we have our largest commercial real estate exposure. Traditional CRE investors have begun to re-enter the market, providing needed liquidity. And sponsors have been willing to inject new capital into troubled transactions, which has allowed us to rightsize many of our troubled loans. While commercial credit appears to be stabilizing, we are not quite prepared to call a peak in commercial charge-offs or nonperformers. We believe that the worst is behind us, but we expect a few more quarters of uncertainty and choppiness in commercial charge-offs and nonperformers.  There's been quite a bit of interest this quarter in our exposure to the Gulf oil spill, given our leading market position in Louisiana. We have very little direct exposure to the most impacted industries, like fishing and tourism, on the Gulf Coast beaches. Our Oil and Gas businesses are well diversified and mostly onshore. As a result, our credit performance has not seen a significant impact from the oil spill.  Longer term, if the moratorium on deepwater drilling persists, the rigs in the Gulf may be forced to move to other drilling locations. This would not be a good thing for the local economy, as offshore oil and gas drilling provides significant employment along the Gulf Coast. Many of the people, businesses and communities we serve in Louisiana and Texas are facing tremendous challenges from the spill. Just as we did in the aftermath of Katrina, we are committed to serving them and supporting our customers and communities through the cleanup and recovery from this environmental disaster. I'll close tonight on Slide 11. Capital One is demonstrating considerable resilience through the Great Recession and ongoing legislative and rate regulatory changes. But economic and regulatory uncertainty remains high. While the modest economic recovery continues, the last two months of labor and housing market data showed weakness. Consumer demand remains weak. And while the recently passed regulatory reform law provides some closure, the banking industry now faces the development of hundreds of regulatory rules over the next couple of years to actually implement the new law.  Our businesses and our business model are relatively less impacted by many aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act, as we are a Main Street bank rather than a Wall Street bank. Like all banks, we'll be subject to changing capital requirements that will evolve as U.S. and international regulators work to coordinate the capital aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act on the ongoing Basel III discussions. The CARD Act and the CFPB are the areas of new legislation and regulation that have the most direct impacts on Capital One. We've been discussing the CARD Act for some time now, and we've incorporated the expected impact into our strategies and our outlook.  The potential impact of the CFPB is impossible to predict precisely, but to the extent that it promotes and preserves a truly level playing field for all banks and consumer lenders, we believe that our underwriting and marketing capabilities as well as our customer practices will continue to be competitive advantages. Against that backdrop, our near-term and long-term expectations are essentially unchanged from what we articulated a quarter ago. Over the next several quarters, we expect that quarterly pre-provision earnings will decline into 2011. We expect the declining provision expense will cushion the bottom line impact of falling pre-provision earnings. As we move past the early part of 2011, we believe that our path to normalized earnings will become more apparent in our quarterly results. We expect that loan balances will stabilize and that pre-provision earnings will begin to improve in 2011. Economic and regulatory uncertainty posed obvious challenges, but those same forces are also creating attractive opportunities for Capital One. Many banks are reeling from the financial crisis and from poorly performing assets generated over the last decade. Others are struggling to address revenue and growth challenges resulting from legislative and regulatory reform and the new level playing fields that they create. As a result, we’re seeing reduced competition in some of our markets. We're also seeing opportunities to acquire asset portfolios, origination platforms or banks. And with relatively few well-positioned buyers, the potential for attractively priced deals increases. We remain well positioned to take advantage of emerging opportunities and to deliver significant shareholder value over the long term. We’ve weathered the recession relatively well. We've been able to absorb the existing and anticipated CARD Act impacts with our Domestic Card revenue model and business model largely intact. Credit losses are returning to more normal levels, and we have a strong brand and advantage customer access.  In our Commercial and Consumer Banking businesses, we have great market positions in some of the best local markets in the country. We can grow commercial relationships and loans as the commercial credit cycle improves. And we can continue to grow deposits with disciplined pricing.  Our Domestic Card business has delivered industry-leading profitability and returns through cycles including the most significant recession in generations. We believe that our Domestic Card business is well positioned to compete on the new level playing field that's created by the CARD Act. Our balance sheet remains strong and resilient. We're well positioned for the current interest rate environment and ready to respond quickly as interest rates change. We have ample and resilient deposit funding. And TCE is strong and growing. Now Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations staff will be available after the call. Michael, please start the Q&A session
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW [Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods].
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I was wondering, on balance growth, as far as that's concerned, it seems like total interest earning assets will decline into 2011. Is that right? And specifically to your Card -- your expectations for growth in Card from first quarter levels, what exactly changed there? And maybe I'll should ask my follow-up. I mean, should we expect marketing dollars to remain stable to higher, relative to the second quarter levels from here on out?
Gary Perlin: Yes, Sanjay, it's Gary. Just taking a look at the future, taking into account some of the run-off portfolios that we've described, taking into account the relatively high level of charge-offs and so forth, we have seen our balances come down. But as Rich and I have both said, we believe we're quickly approaching the point at which our loan balances should start to stabilize as we move towards the end of the year. Exactly what will happen to our investment portfolio balances and so forth will depend on other opportunities to deploy those resources in the market environment. But certainly from this point on, there's a good chance of seeing some stability in overall loan balances. That would mean ending the year lower than we started, but it seems as though we may be able to stabilize from this point.
Sanjay Sakhrani - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: [Audio Gap] [0:35:21) Marketing spend or...
Richard Fairbank: Yes, there’s no important change, Sanjay, on our growth outlook from the first quarter. With respect to marketing, marketing -- and our marketing levels are going to be very dependent on what the market can give us, essentially, really, what the demand is. We certainly prepared for ramping up our marketing investment, and what we're finding with the marketing that we're doing is it's generating the same kind of prospective returns that we've always had in our business. And we are growing the marketing gradually in proportion to the opportunities that we see. The real wild card out here is just how much and how quickly we're going to be able to grow them, because that's really a demand-driven issue. But we are comfortable that the marketing we're spending is generating the same kind of effectiveness and efficiency and return that it has in the past.
Operator: And our next question comes from Bruce Harting of Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Can you talk about any potential offsets to any of the CARD acts or Durbin amendments that you may be able to put in place over time? And is any of that included in your revenue margin discussion or outlook for pre-provision earnings that you gave us?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Bruce, the financial offset to the CARD Act really came prior to the CARD Act, and we've talked about that for many quarters now. So we feel a real stability in our outlook, for our revenue margin in Card. In fact, we've been talking about 15% for a long time now, and it looks like the business is very sure-footedly driving toward that destination. So I don't think in the Card business we're going to have financial offsets, any more financial offset. The big offset, Bruce, that awaits us, hopefully, in the Card business is the opportunities from the level playing field. And really my number-one haunt by far in this anchor-tenant business of Capital One was the -- how more and more we were -- felt like we had an arm and a leg tied behind our back because of pulling out of marketing in whole parts of the business and choosing not to do some of the practice our competitors were doing. So I think that, that represents a very substantial opportunity, but it also needs demand to accommodate that. So again, that is something we're very optimistic about. But I think -- so on the Card side, what we feel really good about is that we're headed for a destination of a revenue margin that is only a touch down from the kind of basic revenue margin level that we had in the years prior to the recession, with a much better competitive environment. And now we just need a little accommodation by the consumer. I do want to say that we got to be careful what we wish for, because frankly, the very same thing that is causing the weak demand, which is consumer deleveraging, is, of course, leading to the consumers to be paying down their debt. And frankly, while I and you would love to see demand pick up, something tells me in my gut we're probably better served by consumers making this choice. And really -- and that's the biggest driver of why credit has really, I think, outperformed the economy during this period of time. On the banking side, Bruce, with respect to the Durbin Amendment, I mean of course for Capital One, this is a much smaller stakes issue, just because of the relatively smaller size of our banking business. I know some competitors are stepping up to make a series of financial moves to accommodate some of these changes. I think we're more in -- we’re assessing the situation, but that's just not something that has a really big impact on Capital One. I think we feel comfortable that our banking business, our banking strategy, is going to be able to proceed.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Rich, I apologize, I should have been more clear. But I meant, in terms of -- do you see any behavior change coming from the debit interchange reduction where people may move more toward credit? Or any kind of behavioral change on the consumer side? Sorry about that.
Richard Fairbank: Sorry. Bruce, not that I know of. I think it is early at this point. Intuitively, I think that there could be some small effects, but frankly, if I were to predict, I think you're going to see consumer behavior relative to their cards, relatively consistent going forward. And the fact that the credit card was not a subject of the Durbin Amendment I think is certainly a good thing for us and not a coincidence, by the way, that, that happened. And the other aspects of the Durbin Amendment, the discounting and the minimum purchase provisions, I think will have relatively modest impact.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brian Foran of Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: You mentioned, for the sake of the allowance, you're not assuming any change in dollars of charge-offs per delinquent loan. First, just to clarify what you mean, are you kind of talking about the ratio between losses and delinquencies right now being elevated relative to history? And then, I guess, either way, when you think about that charge-off-to-delinquency ratio, do you think anything has structurally changed in the credit card market? Or do you think over time, we should migrate back to kind of the charge-offs being 1.1x or 1.2x delinquencies like it used to be?
Gary Perlin: Brian, it’s Gary. And your interpretation is exactly right, which is we expect the ratio of losses to delinquency to continue through the horizon that our allowance covers. Which for credit card, as you well know, is full 12 months. Exactly where it goes beyond that, I think is going to be affected by an awful lot of things, but we feel that it's prudent at this time to assume no improvement in that ratio, and certainly we're not assuming any improvement in the overall economic conditions for that matter as well.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then as a follow-up, I mean, I guess just trying to interpret everything you said and tie it to your Page 11 near-term trends column. I mean, when we talk about lower pre-provision earnings into 2011 and then path to normalized earnings more evident in quarter results in 2011, I mean, is that all driven by the loan shrinkage and growth trajectory? Or I guess, it seems like from everyone's questions on the calls, maybe the underlying theme is, is marketing going to come down? Is expenses going come down? Are fees going to go back up? Or is it simpler than that, and it's just all driven by the loan-growth outlook?
Gary Perlin: Yes, Brian, as you look out over the next couple of quarters, it's pretty clear to see what's going to be driving pre-provision earnings. We know what's going to be happening to the card margin. Again, as Rich said, we've now got a full quarter impact of the change in overlimit fee regulations. We're going to start seeing the impact of the reasonable proportional fees guidance on our late fees. That's going to be driving our margin down. We've talked about the fact that we expect marketing to go up from these currently depressed levels. Exactly how much, it’s kind of hard to say. And we also know that with continued high levels of charge-offs and run-offs in our business, even if we are able to identify everything else correctly, we know there's going to be some decline in average loan balances for the next couple of quarters as well. So that's why the trend in pre-provision between now and the end of the year is pretty clear, because all of the factors are pretty obvious to us, and they're starting to play through. Our comment that we expect that you will see through the course of 2011 a path towards more normalized earnings means that we’ll get to our longer-term revenue margin. We will have less pressure on loan balances coming from reduced levels of charge-offs. We will obviously calibrate our marketing, as Rich said, to the opportunities we have to grow. And so it's kind of hard today to say where we will be in the middle of 2011. A lot of that's going to be around marketing opportunities and growth opportunities, but most of the other factors by then will have played through. Hopefully, we'll continue towards more normal loss levels. And that's why we say the trend is going to be down in pre-provision over the next couple of quarters. even though provision may be cushioning that. And then 2011 is when we should start to see the fundamentals really more clearly.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Hochstim of Buckingham Research Group.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: Wonder if you could just try again to quantify the unusual and onetime items this quarter, the unusual investments and expenses? And then if you can go over the rep and warranty expense again this quarter relative to last quarter? And kind of what was covered last quarter? And what this does and how you can be confident this is the last time we'll have it?
Gary Perlin: David, it's Gary. On the operating expense side, again, we had a few onetime items. We don't think we've really established a new run rate this quarter. About 2/3 of the increase were onetime items. We had a litigation reserve not related to rep and warranty. We had an accrual for some recently passed Canadian tax legislation and so forth. So that's what's affected this quarter. We think that you should really kind of take a look at the first half of 2010 as a whole. That's probably your better guide to run-rate expenses. And again, as we've said all through the year, OpEx in the year probably not materially different from where it was last year. Effectively, we’re getting the benefit of some run-rate efficiencies in some of our businesses, and we're reinvesting that in ongoing infrastructure and -- to try and improve our ability to serve our customers and build our returns in many of our business lines. So those are the onetimers there. Obviously noninterest expense will probably be more impacted going forward by whatever happens to marketing, because I believe operating expenses will be relatively stable. With respect to the rep and warranty reserve, David, again, we increased our reserve largely because we had extended the time frame over which we estimate our rep- and warranty-related claims and losses for the various kinds of claimants we have. And wherever we could, we’ve tried to estimate the ultimate liability over the remaining life of these exposures. Now the vast majority of repurchase requests we've gotten in the past year come from two groups: one is the GSEs, and the other are loans that are wrapped by some of the monoline bond insurers. With respect to the GSEs, they've got some reasonably predictable processes for identifying, submitting and settling claims. And provided that their past behavior is similar to the future, we think we have recognized most of our exposure. There could be some kind of quarterly variability due to ongoing adjustments, but only if there's a material change in the GSEs' behavior or if we had a material change in our estimate of future lifetime defaults is that number likely to change materially. The repurchased liabilities associated with monoline bond insurers and other potential claimants are less predictable and subject to a wider range of potential outcomes where we can. We have predicted those now or estimated those on a life-of-loan basis, but there's a little more unpredictability there. And so that is more likely to drive future variability, but for right now we feel we've got a very healthy reserve.
David Hochstim - Bear Stearns: The difference between what happened in Q1 and Q2...
Gary Perlin: The difference between Q1 and Q2, David, again, is largely this methodological change. It's a life-of-loan losses, which was informed by significantly better data and better analysis, we feel, on what the potential loss content in the loans may be. It's not because of any significant change in the behavior of claimants.
Operator: And your next question comes from John Stilmar of SunTrust.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: Rich, I was wondering if we take a step back for a second and think about the past three months where you really have been dropping marketing now. You've gotten to see at least the fourth quarter and the first quarter of -- fourth quarter of '09, first quarter of 2010. What has been the largest positive and the largest negative that you've seen at both -- in the Card marketing market today and the level of competition? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Richard Fairbank: John, I think the biggest positive has been the continued success of the business model that we really haven't had to change as a result of either the Great Recession or the CARD Act. And so we're doing mostly the same thing we used to do, and it's having the same kind of pound-for-pound success that it did before. And I'm very happy about that. Another positive is just the overall kind of credit environment. That's the context in which we originate and, of course, we'll have to see what the credit performance on our brand-new originations is. But I think everything we see suggests we're pretty confident on the credit side. The biggest negative, of course, is demand itself, as we talked about. And the other thing that's not a negative in the last three months, but I put a yellow flag of caution out there, is that the pricing -- kind of every quarter I talk about pricing in the marketplace and where it's going. We, because of the CARD Act and because of some of the practices of repricing that are no longer allowed, it’s been a very important -- because fundamentally, the industry is not going to be able to do retroactive repricing. It's very important that go-to rates essentially be destination long-term go-to rates. And so we've been saying for some time, keep an eye out, what competitors are doing vis-a-vis these go-to rates. And predictably, they started rising both in absolute and on an interest-rate adjusted basis over the period preceding the February implementation of the CARD Act and rose for a little bit after that. But they have sort of flattened out in the last few months. And for us, it's not an absolute thing. Are they at the destination they need to be? Or are they not? They are in some pockets, and they’re not in some pockets. Now there’s a new sort of overlay that has come into the decisions about pricing that we all make in the marketplace. And that is that the Fed's new rule, their implementation of this August rule-making that they did, requires a revaluation of APRs that were repriced in the 15 months prior to the imposition of the CARD Act prohibition on retroactive repricing. And the new rules require issuers to compare the pricing of their existing accounts that were repriced to similar accounts that they offer to new customers today. So I think the stakes of where those go-to rates are have been actually raised by that Fed ruling. And so, in other words, issuers’ go-to rates need to be very consistent with what their existing portfolio rates are. So that's a little yellow flag. We'll keep an eye on that. Overall by far, though, the big flag that we're watching is demand itself. That's the thing we worry about. We're comforted by the flipside benefits of weak demand, as I mentioned earlier. But we’re -- we feel very good about the ability to continue originating with our business model and with the kind of returns and performance that we've had in the past.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Capital Markets: And for my follow-up question, Rich, you had highlighted -- it’s seemingly new language with regards to your desire to make an acquisition, whether that be a banking platform, or I think you had highlighted a portfolio. Can you put a finer point on what we should start to think about opportunities for Capital One over the coming couple of years? Are we looking at franchises that would enhance the footprint of your Commercial and Consumer Banking platform? Or are we looking at really more of favoring a purchase of a individual portfolio to augment the balance sheet? Just wondering if you could kind of put a finer point on your comments you made earlier?
Richard Fairbank: Well, I mean, what we're doing is just watching the environment out there. I think if you kind of pull away up here, the -- it's not surprising with the game changing, dislocation in financial services from both the Great Recession and the great legislation, if you will, that there would be not only a larger number of sort of businesses and parts of businesses for sale but also potentially ones that wouldn't normally ever come up in the normal course of a robust kind of economy. So it's certainly not lost on us. In fact, the central part of how we think, that one of the rewards of coming out of the tsunami in one piece and ready for business on the other side is that we could be one of a relatively small number of potential buyers looking at these thing. So we are actually looking across the landscape here. And that landscape, I know most people tend to think of banks focusing on buying banks. I mean, we're keeping an eye on that. But I think some of the possibly more interesting opportunities exist in asset acquisitions, pieces of businesses or growth platforms that are being sold by other companies, as well as just distressed banks themselves. So I was more making a philosophical point that the very same conditions that lead to weakness in the banking industry exacerbate the weakness for all the weak players. So that I think in some sense a little bit of the silver lining of industry weakness is both the credit benefits I mentioned earlier as well as probably hastening to some extent the sale of businesses or pieces of businesses. So we’re just -- we've been talking about this for quite a long time. You noticed since the entire recession began, we've done exactly one acquisition, which was Chevy Chase. So we're being very, very selective, and we just, though, definitely are looking at these opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Brendler of Stifel.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'd like for you to discuss the Auto business for a little bit. I didn't see much comparative remarks on the Auto business. You did ramp up your originations. Then we had a major transaction in the States today. How are you feeling about Auto and your prospects for growing that portfolio? And any comments you'd have on what AmeriCredit's acquisition and GM’s relationship there may have on your business.
Richard Fairbank: Right. I think there are several things I want to say about the Auto business. First of all, the Auto business in many ways was one of the first businesses to really feel the pressure of the oncoming recession and was kind of the first one to turn the corner out of it. And it’s both causally linked to the same thing, and that is because that business has basically less than a 2 1/2-year average life for the assets. The fortunes of the business definitionally ride on the choices you made in the last couple of years. So going into the downturn, one was dealing with a portfolio almost entirely originated in the pre-recession period. Those tend not to be very good. And now the, as Gary mentioned, well over half of our portfolio, the significant majority, in many ways, of our portfolio, is business-originated with eyes wide open during the downturn. Now that is accentuated in Capital One's case by the dramatic repositioning of the business that we engineered at the start of 2008, where if you remember, we dialed back to an origination run rate that was down from -- it was at its highest point, $13 billion in annual originations down to about $5.5 billion running rate. But it wasn't just dial back randomly. This was kind of dialing back to the highest ground of the best parts of the business for us, the best relationships and a lot of other things, with very tight credit cuts along the way. This portfolio has performed extremely well, and it is, of course, now a growing part of our entire business. So along the way, as we've really stabilized that business and are very pleased with our performance, we are now growing originations, and that will continue. As Gary mentioned, because the back, the kind of the -- that goes against the run-off of the portfolio from the old $13 billion level of origination. So Auto won't feel like a growth business, but within what we're doing, it’s a -- the originations are growing. We feel really good about our opportunities there. AmeriCredit, that certainly was a blockbuster. I can't say I woke up today and say, “I bet you AmeriCredit’s going to sell itself to General Motors.” But as we’ve tried to get our head around that one, I think I want to be a little cautious in declaring the impact, but I guess -- I would probably guess in the near term, we don't expect to see a significant impact on our business. I mean, AmeriCredit’s already stated that it's trying to continue doing its business as usual. And it's already, of course, in a subvention relationship with General Motors already. I think, though, in the longer-term, we certainly believe that depository institutions will continue to be advantaged in the Auto lending space. And the GM acquisition of AmeriCredit likely will open up opportunities in the non-GM business that AmeriCredit currently does. Now that could trade off with some loss in current GM business for us. But I think all in all, we think this will be probably not a huge amount of impact or may actually represent a positive for Capital One.
Operator: And your next question comes from Henry Coffey of Sterne Agee.
Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I’d kind of like to continue down this line. You've got four business lines, which obviously, if we look at loan balances, everything's been contracting, which is to be expected. Can you give us a little bit of a shadow that you might expect to see kind of a clearer sense of the underlying earnings potential in the franchise in 2011? Is there a turning point for each of these businesses? Or as you look at each of these business lines, are they sort of mature cyclical businesses that will bounce around with the economy? I guess I'm looking for a sense of is there a cyclical shift that will drive earnings? Or is there sort of a growth machine locked up inside this business that we should be focused on?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. So let me think about each of the four businesses, Henry. When did they sort of hit the bottom, if you will, of sort of their earnings? And when did they really start growing and growing earnings? The Card business, we've talked about -- Card business, it’s -- the reduction in -- Card business has to go through the reduction in revenue margin. And that's the most, I mean, that's really not a cyclical thing. That's the implementation of the CARD Act driving that. That, by sort of year end to beginning of '11, will be at its equilibrium point. And then we -- so that would represent kind of the low point of sort of earnings for the Card business. And then from there, I think, now -- well, in terms of core earnings of the business, from there you have growth opportunities and the significant benefit of charge-offs coming down. Now when allowance is released is the slight wild card there. But I think, Henry, in that business, I don't know if -- I mean, whether you call it a growth machine, I think it's certainly an earnings machine with the opportunity to gain share. And it's getting close to sort of its low point in terms of its earnings, and it's very well positioned for success. The Auto business passed its low point a while ago and is powering to a better place. It right now is enjoying a lot of allowance release. Its natural earnings will be down from where they are right now, but I think that's in a very -- in a position to be generating a lot of positive return here. In our Commercial business, the -- it's funny, one would think that Commercial, it's hard to sort of grow that business. If you look at our Commercial, it's been surprisingly stable in terms of outstandings and revenues, given how much of a decline there's been in the Commercial business. But I think that there is a upside for growth in the business and in earnings that might be a little bit more than meets the eye. And we’re at a -- the issue here is we’re at a historic low in utilization rates for commercial credit facilities. And so we've been growing our total loan commitments, for example, 10% over the last 12 months, but outstanding loans have stayed essentially flat because of how low utilizations are. So I think there's kind of built-in growth, not dramatic, but there's kind of inherently built-in growth in that business without going out and having to beat out other competitors for new originations. We also have very low share in the Washington, D.C., metro area, where we have a huge branch presence. So we certainly plan on building it there. And we're investing in some target segments, like of our C&I business, like Energy and Healthcare, that have performed very well through the downturn, and I think represents a growth opportunity for ourselves. In the Mortgage business, if you get past the -- I mean, most of our portfolio is really toxic mortgages that have come along with the acquisitions. All that is running off. But we're just really starting to build a Mortgage Origination business where we think over the next number of years we will get our fair share in our existing branch markets, and that represents, actually, a pretty nice thrust for the company. So if you find me talking so optimistically here, I kind of speak for 22 years of building Capital One. Yes, we are at a time right now where there's been a lot of turmoil, and everyone's adjusting to legislation. But when I look ahead, I see the most level playing field and certainly the best bone structure that Capital One has ever had and relative competitive position to be successful here. We just need to ride through the revenue margin running its course in the Card business, the charge-offs getting back to more normal levels and demand picking up. These are all things that I feel very confident. I can't tell you exact timing other than the revenue margin, but I'm comfortable they're going to happen. And I think on the other side of this is a very well-positioned company that frankly has a lot of advantages over a number of our regional bank competitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch of Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess I wanted to focus on the idea that you had said that kind of the competitive dynamics within the card market hadn't kind of changed all that materially or that your responses had kind of been the same that they'd been all around. And, I mean, we sort of noticed that on your core product, you've raised the rewards component roughly by a third relatively recently. And the industry’s gone up probably over the course of the last 15 months in terms of teaser mail by a factor of maybe five, and that number's probably going to be higher within a few more months. So I guess, can you kind of talk about the competitive environment in that context? It seems like it's actually intensifying somewhat.
Richard Fairbank: Yes, Moshe. First of all, it's a disappointment to me, frankly, that our performance is kind of pound for pound is similar to what it was a few years ago, because the competition is massively down from what it was before. So I think it’s testament to just how weak the demand is. So I mean, so I want to kind of pile on to your point here. Card competition, first of all, was dramatic drop. We witnessed about a 75% drop in mail volume, for example, from the pre-recession levels. But to your point, volume now is only about 35% to 40% off of the older highs. So we're definitely seeing competition picking up in the Card business as, frankly, we're seeing in all of the businesses. So I think competition across all the businesses we're in is less than it was as its most intense time, Moshe. But it is definitely picking up from where it was, and the fact that right now supply and demand are such that we have similar kind of performance that happened a few years ago really kind of underscores how weak the demand is. So we're just very disciplined about making sure that our marketing, that we're going to get paid for that. And it's partly why we're cautious about to suggesting to you how big that's going to be, because really want to validate every solicitation at every point what its return is. Definitely, Moshe, there's an awful lot of competition in the transactor space in particular, because the Rewards business, frankly, was the top performer during the downturn. And that's not lost on any of the other players there. So I think that -- so I don't want to at all declare that we see -- we see a level playing field. We don't see an open playing field, and I think that's an important difference.
Moshe Orenbuch - Crédit Suisse AG: Just as a follow-up on the idea you -- the mentions you made about acquiring platforms. I mean, I guess, could you kind of talk a little bit about what types of businesses, whether they be within existing businesses that you're in or kind of new areas?
Richard Fairbank: Yes, well, first of all, I don't want to get carried away with this. It was really our point that, and I've been saying for some time now, we certainly think that one of the most important thing that's going to happen with the Great Recession is a tremendous amount of dislocation of competitors out there. So, Moshe, we have been looking at the gamut. I mean, things right in our core businesses that where we have distressed competitors, we have been looking at those, haven't bought any of those things yet. We've looked in some cases at growth platforms that would allow extension into a new business area that we've always been interested in, but didn't necessarily have an easy access to that. And we've been looking at distressed institutions on the banking side. The point I want to make here is that there are, I think, three aspects about the current acquisition environment that make it better than usual: one is that you have more and different types of things getting stirred up and things that might otherwise not be stirred up; secondly, there is profoundly less competition; and thirdly, is really result of the second one, and I forgot to mention it the first time I was talking about it. What interests us here is the chance to buy properties with significantly better pricing than would normally exist in the frenzied kind of acquisition environment that usually exists. Now again, we've been looking for years during this thing and have exactly one acquisition to show for it. So hopefully, you draw from that the discipline that we have. But we certainly have noticed as part of this process that the sort of market-clearing prices that things sort of go at is definitely lower than the frenzied days that we've seen in the past. So given that, I think that we want to make sure that we take a good look at what's out there.
Operator: And your final question comes from Matt Kelley from Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Sterne, Agee: I’m just interested in getting your take on Rule 436 and how that impacts the securitization business going forward. Short-term, I know you guys aren't doing much in that space, but longer-term, I guess.
Gary Perlin: Yes. Hey, Matt, it's Gary. I understand that news is coming out over the course of last couple of hours that suggests that the SEC is looking at least for a temporary solution to make sure that transactions can continue. As you suggest, Matt, for us, I think, there's minimal impact. We don't have any securitization issuance planned in the near future. We hope others can bring them to market, because we've been more of a buyer than a seller. But it appears that folks are acting pretty quickly to try and resolve the situation. I think probably good reminder that every attempted reform that we see, especially as big and complicated as the one that was signed into law this week, there can be unintended consequences. I'm not sure we expected to see them on day one, but we have, and hopefully, we'll develop the capacity to respond quickly. But as far as we're concerned, don't expect any impact.
Matthew Kelley - Sterne, Agee: One quick follow-up from me. In terms of rewards initiatives that you have out there right now, what are you seeing the best traction getting in terms of what your consumers want with rewards right now?
Richard Fairbank: Well, our rewards initiatives are really in two areas. They're in the Credit Card business and in the Banking space. Let me start with Banking. I mean, there I think what we're pitching and people are buying is rewards on the -- with people's checking and debit accounts, which is not what most banks offer. So this is something that very few companies -- you really have to have massive scale kind of in the rewards business to be able to offer something like this. And so it's kind of a natural for Capital One, and we're quite committed to that business. And on the Credit Card side, you can see our advertisements on TV for the Venture card. There, what we're trying to do is to play right to a very resonant issue with consumers, regarding the complexity of current reward programs and kind of how rapidly they sometimes change. And we've created a product that's very, very simple and that I think is a very resonant thing in the marketplace. And we're putting quite a bit of advertising muscle around that.
Jeff Norris: Thank you all, everyone, for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks, and have a good evening.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – Managing Vice President, Investor Relations Richard Fairbank – Chairman and CEO Gary Perlin – CFO and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Yanni Koulouriotis - Buckingham Research Stephen Wharton - JP Morgan Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee John Stilmar – SunTrust Mike Taiano - Sandler O’Neill Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Jay. Welcome everybody to Capital One’s first quarter 2010 earnings conference call. As usual we’re webcasting live over the internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com, and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we’ve included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2010 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on those factors, please see the section titled Forward Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One’s website and filed with the SEC. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary?
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening in on the call this afternoon. Let me go straight to the income statement on slide three of the presentation. Capital One earned $636 million, or $1.40 per share in the first quarter, up $0.57 per share or 70% from the prior quarter, as modestly improved pre-provision earnings were bolstered by lower expenses. Total revenue declined $79 million, or 1.8%, as an improvement in margin, partially offset a 2.9% decline in average loans. The margin benefited from a 17 basis point improvement in cost of funds. Loan yields were also up slightly in the quarter despite somewhat lower fees, as both were positively affected by higher collectability. Despite the slight decline in revenue, pre-provision earnings were up modestly, as a $100 million reduction in our non-interest expenses more than offset the lower revenue. The largest contributor to the better quarter-over-quarter performance was the $369 million decrease in provision expense. Total charge-offs in the quarter fell $170 million, as a lower charge-offs in our commercial, auto finance and retail banking businesses, more than offset a slight decrease in domestic card charge-offs. We released $566 million of allowance through provision expense in the first quarter, after posting an allowance build a $4.3 billion to retained earnings on January 1st in line with new accounting standards. More on the impact of FAS 167 and the drivers of the allowance in a moment. Several other items impacted income in the quarter. First, we sold mortgage I/O bonds that were acquired through the purchase of Chevy Chase Bank, resulting in the deconsolidation of $1.5 billion of loans and a net P&L gain of $127 million. We also recognized a net gain on securities of $65 million as we rebalanced a portion of our agency mortgage bank securities portfolio. Lastly we realized a $50 million benefit to tax expense in the quarter, resulting from settlements during the quarter. These gains were partially offset by a $224 million cost associated with our rep and warranty exposure, about half of which is related to the run-off GreenPoint mortgage portfolio and therefore is in discontinued operations. Let’s turn to the balance sheet on slide four. Total lending assets declined by $11 billion in the quarter. Our domestic card portfolio was down $4 billion in the quarter, driven by $1.5 billion in charge-offs, $1 billion of run-off in our installment loan portfolio, as well as expected seasonal pay downs and revolving credit. The installment loan portfolio will continue to pressure card growth metrics, as we expect approximately $2 billion more to run-off over the remainder of 2010. The commercial banking portfolio remained largely flat versus fourth quarter levels, but we expect to see modest growth in this portfolio over the remainder of 2010, as good lending opportunities are beginning to emerge in our markets. On the consumer bank side, the nearly $2 billion decline in first quarter assets, is primarily driven by two trends I mentioned on last quarter’s call. First, in our auto finance business, our decision to pull back on origination volume in early 2008 is continuing to reduce the level of outstandings, although we’re now beginning to approach the point at which new originations will equal the run-off of prior originations. Auto assets were down $700 million in the first quarter and we continue to expect ending loans will be down approximately $2 billion at year-end 2010 versus the end of 2009. The second factor pressuring consumer bank outstandings is that our mortgage portfolio largely remains in run-off mode with a $900 million declined in assets in the first quarter. The decline in other assets in the quarter is related to FAS 167 as we reclassified securitization receivables to cash, more on FAS 167 in a minute. Our $38 billion securities portfolio shrank slightly in the first quarter, as the non-agency book continued to run-off. The portfolio continues to perform well and our total unrealized gain increased $191 million in the quarter and now stands at an unrealized gain position of $482 million, even after booking net gains of $65 million. Between the run-off of our installment loan portfolio and declining consumer loans in both auto and mortgage, we continue to expect these businesses will drive over $7 billion of loan shrinkage over the course of 2010, with $2.6 billion of debt declined already occurring during the first quarter. While our other lending business may see net growth this year, despite elevated levels of charge-offs, we still believe our total ending loan balances will decline by mid single digits in terms of percentage or taking into account the shrinkage we experienced in 2009, a high single-digit percentage decline in average loan balances year-over-year. Now to the liability side of the balance sheet, securitization liability was down sharply, as conduit pay downs and others maturities totaled about $9 billion in this quarter. By year-end 2010, securitization is expected to be down another $11 billion, representing a 43% decline from year-end 2009. Funding costs decline in the quarter by 17 basis points due to favorable market rates and continued leveraging of our commercial and consumer banking platforms to swap into lower priced deposits. While on the subject of balance sheet composition, its worth highlighting that the implementation of FAS 167 has largely eliminated the distinction between our managed and reported balance sheet caused by securitized assets. I’ll briefly discuss this consolidation in greater detail on slide five. On January 1st, we brought $48 billion of previously off balance sheet loans, the vast majority of which were securitized domestic card loans onto our balance sheet as we implemented FAS 167. In line with the consolidation of these loans, we built about $4.3 billion in allowance, resulting in a $3 billion after-tax impact to retained earnings and the creation of a $1.6 billion deferred tax asset. So while our ending fourth quarter allowance stood at $4.1 billion, we begin the first quarter with an allowance balance of $8.4 billion. It’s worth noting that this initial allowance build ran through retained earnings rather than through the income statement. However, the allowance release for the first quarter as well any future changes to the allowance balance will run through the P&L. Turning to slide six, I’ll discuss the change in first quarter allowance in greater detail. We released $566 million from our allowance in the quarter, driven largely by the domestic card business. There were three main drivers of the allowance release in card. First, we continue to believe that the first quarter will be the high watermark for card losses, so swapping of the first quarter of 2010 for the first quarter of 2011 drives down our allowance needs. The second driver of the release is our moderating credit outlook for the remainder of 2010, compared to what we were projecting at the end of last quarter. And finally, the $5 billion of lower period end assets requires lower allowance, all else being equal. It’s important to note that the absolute level of this quarter’s card allowance release was materially impacted by the addition of allowance coverage for the nearly two thirds of card assets that were previously off balance sheet and historically did not carry an allowance. Had we not consolidated under FAS 167, the card allowance release would have been approximately $290 million this quarter. Similar to the improvement in underlying trends we’ve observed in the card business, we continue to see strong credit performance in auto. This performance, coupled with the approximately $700 million reduction in outstandings led to a $142 million release in for that business. Unlike our consumer lending businesses, we continue to see an upward trend of non-performing loans in commercial and as a result, we built $130 million of additional allowance. All told, despite the $566 million allowance release, we ended the first quarter with an allowance balance of $7.8 billion or nearly 6% coverage on our $130 billion loan portfolio. Given the historically high levels of coverage and underlying business and economic trends, it’s reasonable to assume their total allowance levels will likely continue to decline over the course of the rest of the year. Turning to slide seven, I’ll discuss our overall risk bearing capacity. Our ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets in the quarter increased 70 basis points to 5.5% versus the fourth quarter pro forma ratio of 4.8%. The increase in TCE was driven by strong earnings in the first quarter, as well as the $11 billion decline in managed assets. Coupling this level of TCE with the allowance built under FAS 167, our total risk bearing capacity now stands at 9.7% of our total assets. We expect earnings and a smaller balance sheet to further increase our TCE ratio over the course of the year. Given the timing and nature of implementation rules for FAS 167, I indicated last quarter that the trends in TCE and Tier 1 ratios will diverge in 2010 and early 2011. You’ll see that happening in the first quarter results. Despite the fundamentally positive trends, that helps TCE, our Tier 1 ratio decreased to 9.6% in the quarter, down 30 basis points from Q4 2009 pro forma levels. The numerator of the Tier 1 ratio already declined in line with the a large allowance caused by FAS 167 and is now also being affected by the disallowance of some related deferred tax assets. With consolidation phase in guidance now established, we know that the risk weighted denominator will increase through the first quarter of 2011. Actually, some of the impact was accelerated into the first quarter in line with the reduced level of off balance sheet securitizations I mentioned earlier. In any event, our Tier 1 ratios are and will continue to remain comfortably above well-capitalized levels. And because regulatory capital ratios are more pro cyclical, as loss levels normalize, our Tier 1 ratio should more than proportionately follow the fundamental upward trajectory of TCE. While there remains a fair amount of uncertainty about the future of bank capital requirements overall, I’m confident that our balance sheet strength and flexibility position us extremely well to grow profitably. With that, I’ll hand it over to Rich to talk about our financial performance and outlook in greater detail. Rich?
Rich Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I’ll begin on slide eight with a look at our margins. Net interest margin increased to 7.1% in the first quarter, driven by a 17 basis point improvement in the cost of funds and a 3 basis point improvement in asset yields. Several factors drove the improvement in funding costs. Our funding mix shifted from higher cost wholesale sources to consumer and commercial banking deposits. Within our banking businesses, our mix shifted from higher cost con deposits to lower costs and more relationship driven liquid saving and transaction accounts. And favorable interest rates and disciplined pricing drove a decrease in the deposit interest expense. Two offsetting forces drove a modest increase in asset yield. Our asset mix shifted from loans to investment securities, which resulted in modest downward pressure on yields. The effects of this mix shift were more than offset by strong revenue margin in our domestic card business. First quarter domestic card revenue margin remained elevated largely as a result of better than expected credit results and lower than expected attrition of higher yielding loans. The same credit results and outlook that contributed to the allowance release in the quarter had a parallel favorable impact on revenue. Actual credit results were favorable to our prior expectations, driving a more favorable assessment of the collectibility of finance charges and fees that were previously billed but not recognized as revenue. This allowed us to recognize some of these previously billed fees as revenue in the first quarter and to recognize a larger portion of first quarter fee billings as well. First quarter non-interest income declined. Over limit fee revenues declined as a result of the February 22nd implementation of Card Act Regulations. Interchange revenue also declined seasonally in the quarter. Last quarter, we said that we expected the quarterly domestic card revenue margin to decrease somewhere – to decrease somewhat in the first quarter on its way to settling in the mid 15% range for subsequent quarters of 2010. However, better than expected credit results, the resulting improvement in the collectability of revenue and lower than expected attrition have kept that margin at elevated levels. As we’ve seen over the last several quarters, domestic card revenue margin for any specific quarter is subject to considerable uncertainty from Credit Trends, seasonality and consumer and competitive responses to the Card Act. But as these forces play out by the end of 2010 or early 2011, we still expect that the quarterly domestic card revenue margin will decline over the next few quarters. The credit related benefit to revenue we experienced in the first quarter is likely to diminish because we’re able to recognize more of the finance charges and fees we billed in the first quarter will have a smaller backlog of first quarter billings that could be recognized in future quarters as credit improves. Beginning in the second quarter, we’ll experience and additional modest decline in over limit fee revenue resulting from the February 22nd implementation of Card Act regulations. It is still too early to precisely quantify the expected impact of the proposed reasonable and proportional fee regulations because we don’t yet know the final rules. But we do know that they are set to be implemented on August 22nd. That means that the third quarter will include a half quarter revenue impact from the regulations and that the fourth quarter include a full quarter impact. We’ll need to see more specifics at the rule making process continues through the common period and revisions in the spring and summer. Last quarter we cited these revelations as a risk and we’re now incorporating a range of potential outcomes into our expectations for domestic card quarterly revenue margins. By the end of 2010 or early in 2011, we expect that quarterly domestic card revenue margin will be around 15%, which is a level consistent with very healthy overall returns for the card business. Slide nine shows a history of the overall economics of our domestic card business. With all the noise surrounding the Card Act, revenue margin trends and uncertainty about the future of the card business, we believe that a look at this history provides a helpful context for our expectation of the future economics of the business. Over the last six years, changes in the components of domestic card ROA have generally offset each other preserving strong ROA. The only exception over the last six years was, of course, the great recession. While ROA declined over this period, the graph shows that this was the result of elevated provision expense that could not be fully offset with revenue or expense levers. The graph also shows that our domestic card business remained profitable throughout the worst credit cycle in generations. Looking forward, we expect revenue margin to decline for the next several quarters to around 15% by early 2011, as I just discussed. Overtime, margins may experience further modest decline as credit improves. We expect non-interest expense as a percentage of loans to increase in a near-term largely as a result of the declining loans in the denominator and the expected increase in marketing expense. We expect that marketing will ramp back toward more normal levels over the next several quarters. The pace and extent of that ramp will depend upon consumer demand and the competitive landscape. We expect increased marketing and improved charge-offs will result in modest growth in our revolving card balances over the remainder of 2010. But we expect that domestic card loan balances, the overall segment will be relatively flat for the remaining quarters of 2010 as growth in revolving cards is offset by elevated charge-offs in the continuing run-off of installment loans. One issue of particular importance is equilibrium pricing in the industry following the Card Act. Pricing for new customers has been increasing gradually. We’re watching industry pricing trends carefully, as they are bellwether for the long-term health of the card industry. Go to APRs have risen about 300 basis points over the last year and have edged into the mid teens in the last few months. We believe industry pricing needs to continue to increase to provide appropriate resiliency for new originations since post the Card Act there is less pricing resilience of APRs and there was in the past. Overtime, we expect that higher marketing expenses will be partially offset by a decline in operating expenses. We expect operating expense as a percentage of loans to decline as improving credit allows us to reduce collections intensity and as balances begin to rebuild. We expect provision expense to decline over the next several quarters. We believe that credit losses peaked in the first quarter of 2010. We expect modest improvement in charge-offs beginning in the second quarter of 2010. And as Gary discussed, we continue to see the potential for significant allowance releases in the domestic card business. As a result of these revenue and expense trends, it’s likely that pre-provision earnings as a percentage of loans will decline through 2010 and perhaps into early 2011. But we expect that this decline will be partially offset by the expected improvement in provision expense. All these components of ROA will almost certainly move over time as a result of market conditions, competitor moves and consumer behavior. But history has shown that they often move in ways that naturally offset. We’ve been able to manage multiple levers to be delivered solid levers pre-provision and bottom line ROA as the industry and the economy have gone through enormous changes. In the long-term, we still believe that the overall economics of the domestic card business are very attractive. We’d expect that growth and returns will lag marketing investments as they always have, but with healthy ROA and the return to loan growth, we expect the domestic card business will still be the most attractive consumer lending business in banking and that it will continue to deliver returns that are well above hurdle over the cycle. Slide 10 shows credit results for our consumer lending businesses. Domestic charge-off rate increased to 10.5% for the first quarter of 2010, driven by declining loan balances and a temporary increase in charge-offs as last year’s pricing actions flowed through the charge-offs. The charge-off increase was smaller than expected due to favorable bankruptcy trends and favorable performance in late stage delinquencies. The 30 plus delinquency rate improved nearly 50 basis points to 5.3% at the end of the quarter. Expected seasonal trends and the diminishing impact of last year’s pricing actions drove the improvement. Based on first quarter charge-off and delinquency results, we now believe that the first quarter is likely to be the peak for both dollar charge-offs and charge-off rate in domestic card. While we believe Q1 is the peak, we expect only modest improvement in second quarter, as seasonal improvements are offset by continuing declines in loan balance. We expect continuing modest improvement in charge-offs in the second half of 2010. We expect modest growth in consumer cards to offset installment loan run-off reducing the denominator effect. And although it’s still early, in recent months we’ve seen further signs of stabilization and even some modest improvements in labor and housing markets. International charge-offs and delinquency trends remain stable to slightly improving. We’ve been retrenching the U.K. business for some time now and we’ve been cautious in Canada. First quarter credit results reflect this cautious stance, as well as the fact that unemployment is improving in Canada and appears to be stabilizing in the U.K. Stronger that performs grow first quarter profits of a $117 million in our international card business. Charge-offs for the mortgage portfolio were relatively stable. Early delinquencies improved, but non-performing foreclosure inventories continued to increase due to a very slow resolution process. Modifications add several months to the process and local jurisdictions face growing foreclosure backlog that further slow resolution. Overall our portfolio continues to perform better than industry averages. Our mortgage portfolio includes the challenged Chevy Chase portfolio that we acquired in 2009. Chevy Chase portfolio is protected by the credit mark we took at acquisition. This portfolio continues to perform in line with our expectations and we remain comfortable with the mark. Auto finance charge-off rate and delinquency rate both improved in the first quarter. The improvements resulted from expected seasonal patterns, the strong performance of recent origination vintages and the stabilizing economic and auction price trends. These factors were partially offset by the impact of declining loan balances. Favorable consumer credit performance and credit outlook were key drivers of strong profitability in our credit card and consumer banking businesses in the first quarter. Slide 11 shows credit performance in our commercial banking business. In the first quarter, commercial banking charge-off rate declined from elevated charge-off levels in the fourth quarter of 2009. We charged off fewer loans in the first quarter and we experienced lower severities on the loans we charged off. Non-performing asset rate increased modestly in the quarter, but the pace of the deterioration was slower than we’ve seen the last several quarters. The pressure on non-performing asset rate and charge-off rate remains concentrated in our commercial and multifamily real estate business, about 70% of which is located in metro New York City. Within this portfolio the source of deterioration has shifted from the relatively small construction portfolio to loans related to New York City office buildings. Sequential quarter charge-off comparisons were also impacted by actions we took in the fourth quarter on our small ticket CRE portfolio, which continues to run-off after we stopped originating these loans over two years ago. Last quarter, we charged off a portfolio non-performing small ticket CRE loans as we sold them in the distressed debt market. Selling non-performers is an ongoing part of our workout strategy for the small ticket CRE portfolio. The timing of such sales depends upon investor appetite and market conditions and the volume of loan sales was much smaller in the first quarter. Credit performance in the middle market portfolio remained relatively stable. Overall, we expect non-performers and charge-offs will continue to deteriorate in our commercial business but the pace of deterioration is slowing. It appears that the worst of the commercial credit cycle may be behind us. We continue to believe that our commercial banking loan portfolio is well positioned to weather this downturn in commercial real estate. We have a favorable loan mix with a relatively small exposure to construction lending and our relatively small exposure to construction lending is a key reason that the absolute level of our CRE charge-off rate is lower than many other banks. We also have relatively large exposure to New York City multifamily, which has been resilient to the recession because of rent controls and supply limitations. We have disciplined lending standards and we underwrite to in place cash flows and rents. And compared to most large banks, commercial loans are much smaller percentage of our total company managed loans. I’ll conclude this afternoon on slide 12. We’ve worked for years to position our company to be resilient and we’re demonstrating that resilience through the most challenging economic cycle we’ve seen in generations. We’ve delivered relatively resilient profitability through the downturn. We maintained the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. We built strong and stable liquidity through careful management of our balance sheet and the growing deposits with disciplined pricings. We maintained healthy allowance coverage ratios throughout the downturn and we maintained sufficient capital to address both the recession and the FAS 166 and 167 accounting changes. We’re now on the path to delivering normalized earnings. Over the next several quarters, we expect the quarterly margins will decline to more normal levels driven by the expected decline in domestic card revenue margin, I described earlier, as well as the stabilization of funding costs. We expect the loans will continue to decline over the next few quarters before finding a bottom at the end of 2010 or early in 2011. Continuing run-off of businesses we exited or repositioned earlier in the recession will drive loan declines even as some of our businesses begin to grow sooner and we expect that expenses will increase over this timeframe as marketing expense will ramp toward more normal historical levels and we make investments in banking infrastructure to support future growth. The competition of these expected trends will result in lower quarterly pre-provision earnings in 2011. We expect that declining pre-provision expense will cushion the bottom line impact of falling pre-provision earnings. Actually we expect the decline in provision expense will cushion the bottom line of falling pre-provision earnings. We expect continuing improvement in charge-offs and the domination of declining loan balances and improving credit trends create the potential for significant allowance releases as well. As we move past the early part of 2011, we believe that our path to normalized earnings will become more apparent in our quarterly results. We expect pre-provision earnings to establish a positive trend over the course of 2011. We remain well-positioned to deliver significant shareholder value over the long-term. In our commercial and consumer banking businesses, we have great market positions and some of the best local markets in the country. We can grow commercial relationships in loans as the commercial credit cycle improves. We can continue to grow deposits with disciplined pricing and as we complete our investments in infrastructure, we expect our cost structure and bottom line profitability will improve overtime. Our domestic card business has delivered industry-leading profitability and returns through cycles, including the most significant recession in generations. We believe that our domestic card business is well position to compete on a new level playing fields that’s created because the Card Act prohibits widely used industry practices, which we never relied on, like aggressive single infraction penalty re-pricing. As a result, we expect that we’ll be able to essentially restart the marketing of similar products to similar customer segments that we were doing before we pulled back during the recession. The credit card business has always been characterized by significant near-term marketing investments followed by a long-term payoff with very attractive risk adjusted returns. Margins may moderate modestly overtime as charge-offs normalize, but we’re confident that returns will remained well above hurdle rate over cycles. We expect that returns will be more sustainable long-term with competitive practices cleaned up by the Card Act and as we’ve said before, we believe that the domestic card market and competitive environment following the implementation of the card law will play to our strengths. Our balance sheet is emerging from the dual challenges of recession and the FAS 166, 167 accounting change with its resilience intact. As Gary described earlier, our balance sheet strength and flexibility put us in a strong position to grow profitably and to sustain above hurdle returns over the long-term. Now Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We’ll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to answer a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Jay, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Our first question comes from Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Thank you. I wasn’t clear on, Gary, good discussion on all the loan, excuse me, moving parts. But would you mind going over again between all the loan forecasts you gave, exactly how much shrinkage from year-end ‘09 to year-end ‘010, you’re going to see and if you could do it by segment that would be helpful. But I just wasn’t clear on what the absolute shrinkage would be given that looks like mortgage credit is in run-off, installment is in run-off and maybe you can comment on international again? Sorry for not getting all that the first time.
Gary Perlin: That’s fine, Bruce, happy to go through it again. So in terms of year-end 2009 to year-end 2010, we expect ending loan balances to be down mid single-digit percentages. In the first quarter, we were down nearly 5% or about $6.7 million. So we’re pretty close to where we said, we thought we would be by the end of the year in terms of the overall balance shrinkage. Now, to break that down into the segments, what we said is, that we expect another $4.5 billion worth of decline between now and the end of 2010 coming from a run-off in installment loans, that’s a couple of billion dollars. In mortgage that’s maybe another $1.5 billion and the reduction in auto outstandings would be another $0.5 billion or so. So that’s the decline from here to the end of the year, about $4.5 billion. Just about offsetting that would be loan balances in our revolving credit card portfolio and in our commercial book, particularly in the revolving credit card portfolio, we’ll continue to have an elevated level of charge-offs. So in effect, we’re going to have to grow that both to cover the involuntary attrition that comes from the charge-offs as well as two offset some of the decline in the other businesses. So, all told, year-end 2009 to year-end 2010 down in the mid single digits. Again, it will be a little more -- bit more in terms of average outstandings and quite frankly, will probably remain near the bottom of the (inaudible) for a couple of quarters, before seeing that growth at the end of this year and then into next year.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Thank you. And Jeff, just as a follow-up. I mean, is the charge-off rate in the mortgage credit slide on page 10, net of the markdown? How should we think about that?
Gary Perlin: Hang on, Bruce, I don’t have the slide right in front of me.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Okay. And if I could just one…
Gary Perlin: Yeah. Why don’t you have, remember this Bruce, I’ll follow-up with you after the call.
Rich Fairbank: Yeah. Just enter that one up, quick reminder that, that’s all net of the mark.
Gary Perlin: Yeah.
Rich Fairbank: Just keep that in mind, Bruce, and will talk to you after the call about the details.
Jeff Norris: Our next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Hi. Thank you. And I was wondering, since you guys have about a month and week of the Card Act, phase two of the Card Act in revenue yield. I was wondering if you could help us think about what the full quarters worth of impact would look like. And the second question is, if you could just go over the commentary on the revenue margin expectations in U.S. card, I think said, Rich, 15%, which would be a little bit lower than the mid 15’s you guys discussed last quarter. I was wondering if I was missing something there? Thanks.
Gary Perlin: Right. Yeah. We have revises our outlook from mid 15’s to 15 and while there are several kind of moving pieces there, essentially that’s kind of the impact of our estimation of the reasonable fees. Although, of course, getting full resolution of that still awaits us. But yes, that was the effect. So the, a lot of our competitors have given numbers saying the Card Act, the cost of the Card Act is ex $100 million. And I find that when we listen to that, I’m not sure, how to interpret that number because there are so many effects that go on. And so what we tried to do, Sanjay, for you is just try to guide you to a destination. Because the destination incorporates all of the combined effects of impact and counter actions and a lot of things that, so I think it would be – it’s most useful for us to really focus on that. And so again, kind of hitting the highlights of the revenue margin, we, before, if you go all the way back to before all these changes began, in some ways our Card Act, I mean our revenue margin was in the 15%. And then the great recession came along, the regulations came along and we got to an unusually elevated level that you see at 17% really because of three factors. So we’re kind of at the peak here and I want to kind of savor the three factors. One is re-pricing in advance of the Card Act, one is revenue benefits from improving credit, so that the fee and finance charge releases that we’ve been getting here and the third is the decline in this rate percentage because during the recession we haven’t been doing very much marketing. So the margin is going to go down to 15% because of really three factors. The implementation of the Card Act, not getting the reserve releases that we, as much that as we enjoyed in, say in a quarter like this one and the resumption of marketing with these rates. And the impact will be somewhat progressive in that thing like, you start to get partial quarters of effects like we had the partial impact of the partial quarter of the impact on over limits then we get the full quarter impact and then a third and fourth quarter were going to get a partial and then full impact of the reasonable fees. But we’re pretty confident about the destination of being around 15%, obviously subject to the final interpretation of reasonable fees.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Kelley with Morgan Stanley.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my call. So my question is what’s the logic behind your reserve release? I know you have a lot kind of noise going on there. But are you managing towards 12 months coverage ratio?
Gary Perlin: Hey, Matt, it’s Gary. We have in our credit card business been at a 12 months coverage ratio for many years. So there’s no real change there. And in effect, now that we’re post FAS 166, 167, would you can assume is that in effect our allowance is going to be relatively close to the expected losses over the subsequent 12 months. So effectively, what you’re seeing from quarter-to-quarter is kind of a refresh of the view that we have for the next 12 month horizon and again, we’re covering, 12 months worth of expected losses in card for the balances that are on the books. Obviously, every product has its own period of coverage, but by and large that’s what you’re going to see now that we’re post-consolidation.
Matthew Kelley - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And just one follow-up for me. In terms of your marketing spending plans for U.S. card, can you maybe give us a little more color there?
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Matthew. You know, we are on the way toward more normal levels of marketing over the next several quarters. The reason it’s a ramp and not an immediate step up is really two factors. One, we’re carefully watching credit metrics. They’re really still are a lot of consumers in week situations out there. And the second and most important factor is demand is strikingly weak. And you can just feel it as we originate. You have this kind of odd situation fairly weak demand and relatively lower levels of competition as well. I think, one of the toughest things for us to predict is what is going to be the strength of demand going forward. It’s clearly kind of weak right now.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Mack with Meredith Whitney Advisory Group.
Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. I appreciate you sharing your outlook for loan growth in the near to medium-term. I’m just curious about diving deeper into revolving card balance. Specifically, what does a normal economic recovery look like in terms of what you expect from loan growth? Does this environment meet that description given the changes to the Card Act and just kind of how you think about that in terms of the longer picture?
Rich Fairbank: So just what was still, does the…
Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: So sorry if I was broke off the…
Rich Fairbank: I want to make sure that I got the last half of your question.
Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Sure. Yeah. A longer term outlook for domestic card revolving balance growth and if this economic recovery is similar to previous ones or you think the environment has changed so much from the Card Act?
Rich Fairbank: Well, the Card Act, let me separate supply and demand. On the supply side, I’m bullish about the impact of the Card Act. Because we’ve spent a decade feeling like we’ve one arm and one leg tied behind our back choosing not to market in whole parts of the card business because we were uncomfortable with the practices in both the market clearing price from the credit point of view and especially the damage to franchise, building a franchise that we felt some of those practices entailed. So we’re from a supply point of view feel that the Card Act is a very good thing for Capital One because it returns underwriting back to where it was in the 1990s, which is it’s all about up front underwriting and not about the re-pricing that follow after the fact. So we feel good about our relative chances and I also think that Card Act is going to put a much greater rationality to the nature of the competition. And so again, on the supply side on that, quite a bit more bullish because also in terms of revenue margins and our business model, I think we feel things are relatively intact. The wildcard is on the demand side. On the one hand, consumers are deleveraging. I think that, there has been an awful lot of noise about credit cards in the paper every day. It will be still to be determined how much demand there is on the other side of this and also to do have the growth of debit cards causing some modest encroachment into card territory. On the other hand, however, history shows deleveraging tends to be cyclical things and also, we don’t have one of the biggest factors that held us back in the last decade and that was home equity loans were a massive cannibalize of really good core card growth. So, I look at it this way, I mean, while there’s a big variance in our own view of the outcome in terms of demand. I’m just assuming it’s going to be flattish, industry growth will be flattish to possibly negative sort of a things stabilizer. But I’m just making that up. The thing that makes me bullish is that while I’d love a rapidly growing industry, the most important thing is being able to have a relative competitive advantage and a level playing field in the industry, which, paradoxically the great recession and the great legislation if you will have sort of rendered that. So I’m very bullish about that and we just have to see how demand comes out.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Thanks, good afternoon. Could you give us an update on what’s happening on the over limit side? I know you’ve been trying to get consumers to opt in over limit and do you have any sort of metrics or thought process on how far along you are in the card book and getting that process out there and consumers to either opt in or accept the overlimit fee?
Rich Fairbank: Yeah. Chris, of course, the rules were fairly recent in coming out relative two over limits and opt in. I think our view is that we’ll take a differentiated approach in parts of our portfolio and just not offer them. In other cases offer opt in, but it’s a little premature to conclude where that comes out. But our overall expectation is that over limit fees are substantially down versus the old days and we’ve build that -- we’ve put that into our planning. So you should assume that as well. Significant reductions in over limit revenues and for us it’s part of the redistribution of how the revenue model works in the card business. And it’s between what’s happened on the over limit side and our expectation with respect to the Card Act with respect to reasonable and proportional fees. There is a shift in how the revenue model and pricing structure in credit card works from away from back-end pricing toward front-end, upfront APR and in some cases annual fees. And I think there’s a lot of benefits to that model. It’s important, one of the things that I most have my eye on is to make sure that the industry price is high enough for resilience. Because the thing that I don’t think is getting enough attention is some of the resilience diminishment in APR re-pricing that comes from the Card Act. And so, I’m bullish about the redistribution and the strength of the revenue model as the business changes. But we also are putting into our planning a fact that the expectation that resilience will be somewhat diminished.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: Our next question.
Jeff Norris: Yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from Yanni Koulouriotis with Buckingham Research.
Yanni Koulouriotis - Buckingham Research: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I have a couple of questions regarding the small business card portfolio. The first one is do you plan to voluntarily implement the Card Act rules in this portfolio. And also can you give us some color on the long-term for this portfolio such as growth and segmentation? Thanks.
Rich Fairbank: Yeah. Well, the small business portfolio is really very much just one of the business lines that we have within our card business. It’s been very successful for us in the past. It has weathered the recession pretty will. And but you point at something that I think an important and I think overlooked issue. The Card Act is not hasn’t, it’s not fully directed at the small business credit card marketplace. But it is our expectation that in the end cards to consumers and small businesses are going to have the same destination and we would manage with that expectation.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Stephen Wharton with JP Morgan.
Stephen Wharton - JP Morgan: Hi, guys. Two questions. So looks like, looking at the footnotes that the fee and finance charge reserve came down by about $135 million sequentially, $355 million if I read it correctly. Gary, is there any way you can give us a sense of what the normalized level for that line is? I mean, clearly the change income sequentially was big. But I’m just trying to get a better sense of like will that ever go back to zero or isn’t there always at least some level there?
Gary Perlin: Hey, Steve. Yeah. Look, first of all, think of the suppression as kind of the provision equivalent for fees and finance charges and as you suggest, in the first quarter, pretty much all of the reduction and the suppression was in the finance charge and fee reserve and think of that like an allowance, okay. So, we’re definitely seeing those numbers come down. The big reasons for the big step change this quarter were two fold. First, we assessed many fewer fees and we’re not going to suppress unless we obviously are assessing the fees and fees were down in terms of assessments because of lower over limit fees assessed in line with the Card Act. A continued decline in the overall balances and frankly, continued general improvement in consumer behavior has had a downward impact on the assessment of penalty fees, so lower quantum of fees is driving that reserve down. Secondly, like with an allowance, the credit improvement that we’re seeing in loan principal, we’re also seeing in the delinquency rate on finance charges and fees. So with the improvement in the consumer credit behavior there, that’s going to draw down the need for reserves. So in that case, we could see further declines going forward. I would be surprised if we saw a step change as large as this one. Again, it’s being impacted by the one-time effect of a major change coming from the Card Act. But it could continue to come down. Finally, in terms of where we’re going, I would certainly believe that the finance charge reserve will always exist. In fact, the redistribution of income suggests that’s going to be a larger portion of our business. So, yes, that number will go down and go up over time. But I think going forward, we shouldn’t expect to see a big step change like we did in this past quarter.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Henry Coffey with Sterne Agee.
Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee: Yeah. This is Henry Coffey. How are you? And at what point do you think your balance sheet will be ready for additional bank expansion and in your view are the markets where you are of feeling a hole?
Rich Fairbank: Henry, I think that we have carefully crafted our strategy to try to achieve what is the most important scale in banking, which is local scale. And so if you notice with the acquisitions that we’ve done, we have gone into attractive markets with a starting position that really has -- is well beyond the threshold scale and has a real shot at being one of the ultimate large players in each market. And that’s extremely important for an institution that’s not of the scale of the really large banks. So our big focus right now is on pulling these banks together, building a scalable infrastructure and what the regulators would call top 10 banking capability, which is something that’s really quite different from what any bank of the size of the banks we buy, there at a very different level of scalability. So it’s a big effort to pull this together and create sort of truly scalable infrastructure and that is we’re will along in the process of doing that and that’s a very top priority. Along the way, we are really building up the capability to be able to grow our bank within our local markets and generate significant deposit growth, loan growth and ultimately growing returns. So that’s the top priority. Now, it’s not lost on us along the way that a lot of banks have been struggling around the country and that there could be opportunities for particularly attractive deals. I mean, you saw that in fact during the great recession we bought Chevy Chase. We always take a look at things like that and but I want you to know that it’s not a sense of manifest destiny. We’ve got to get there any particular market. The real sense is, the manifest destiny we’re pursuing is to make sure that we’ve a very well running scalable bank that’s able to take advantage of the considerable unique advantages Capital One brings to the table to leverage a large customer base, a huge national lending business, a national brand and the kind of information based capabilities that we have.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Stilmar with SunTrust.
John Stilmar - SunTrust: Thanks for taking my question. My first question is for you, Gary. With an eye on expenses, how should we think about how much more you can squeeze out a deposit costs considering they down yet again this quarter? How much more do we have there? And then also, it seemed like there were two counter statements with regards to non-marketing expense as we talk about the efficiency improvements that are likely to happen in the future as well as lower costs from an improving credit environment balanced with I believe the comment of increased spending on the bank side. Can you reconcile those and help give me a little bit of guidance about non-marketing dollar expenses, please, on a consolidated basis?
Gary Perlin: Sure. I’m happy to do that, John. Let’s start with the cost of funds. Obviously, we need to have a view about where rates are going and let’s assume that, today’s yield curve is getting accurate reflection of future rates, meaning that they’re going to be going up. I think that that means that there is considerably less scope at this point, for continued improvement in our cost of funds. So I would say, again, assuming the curve is a good predictor of where rates are going in the short run. I’d say there’s some room for a modest decline in cost of funds over the balance of 2010. We do have some continued run-off of higher cost term funding. That would be in the form of auto securitization and some of our retail time deposits and at the margin, as you can see, we’re replacing all of these maturing funds with lower cost but the deposits. So I’d say in the short run room for a modest decline in cost of funds, compared to the improvements we’ve seen over the course of the last year or so and from there on it’s really going to be a matter of what happens to the curve. Now, in terms of operating expenses, what we said at the top of the house, that you should expect to see that operating expenses, that is non-interest expenses minus marketing, should stay on an annual basis with a little bit of quarterly up and down, should stay more or less constant from 2009 to 2010. And essentially what you’re seeing there is continued investment, particularly in the infrastructure of our bank as we move towards full integration, really trying to get traction there. And that will be offset by continuing efficiencies that we’re having throughout the company, continuing the benefits that we’ve seen from some significant efficiency work over the course of the last couple of years. So top of the house, you should expect to see operating expenses stay in and around current levels with a little bit of quarterly variability as you saw up in the fourth quarter, down in the first and we’ll see a little bit more that over the course of the year.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And next question comes from Mike Taiano with Sandler O’Neill.
Mike Taiano - Sandler O’Neill: Hi. Thanks. I just had a two-part question on your strategy in the U.S. card business. I think, if I remember correctly in your trust data, going back a ways, you had about 30% of your portfolio as sub 660 or subprime. Just curious if you to refresh that today, would there have been significant change in that from downward migration in FICO scores? And then, as part of that, it seems like obviously there’s been reduced competition in the subprime and your prime space, as your competitors have all moved up market and that seemed like a business where you’ve traditionally done well. Do you see that as an area of growth going forward to help you guys sustained margin or is there some sort of regulatory limitation or that the effects of the Card Act that would make that look attractive for you?
Rich Fairbank: Thank you, John. I mean, we, if you look at the trust data, our mix of sub 660 business is really quite similar to the other players. So, there’s a lot of, I think, everybody has a different strategy, but in the end I think that the subprime percentage interestingly is very similar. Our mix over, the over the last year or so and probably consistent with my expectation would be flattish to declining a little bit in that marketplace. So it’s certainly not something we are planning to leap into and where you would see a big change. As we -- a thing that I said earlier was that after the great recession and the great regulation and legislation in a sense, when we look at our business model, other than a redistribution of where pricing comes from, which generally by the way is a healthy redistribution that I embrace for the marketplace, the same strategies that we were pursuing before in the same segments are pretty much what you should expect from us. And so, the biggest wildcard to me is, the two biggest uncertainties going forward, which are really not about mix, because I think our mix, I would expected to be pretty similar to what it’s been over the past number of years and it’s been pretty stable for a quite a long period of time. The biggest uncertainties to me our consumer demand, like I talked about and that one we can argue all sides of it, so well just have to see. And the other very important one, Mike, is pricing in the revolver segment. Go to pricing. Because in the -- in this last past decade, the industry has slipped through its practices into a rather weak underwriting habit of originating at low rate and letting re-pricing take care of it on the other hand. It is profoundly important that our investors and our industry understand that this is not how it’s going to work going forward. Will they never be, there will still be re-pricing in the sense, there can be forward re-pricing and in its own natural way that will always be a component of the business. But the defining issue is that while people can use teaser rates all they want, the go to rate of APR has a very important destination importance to it that it used to have in the ‘90s, but sort of didn’t have so much in the last decade. We’re watching that like a hawk. We’re watching it in every single state segment, every signal sub-segment. The good news is that is going up from the beginning, this first couple of quarters of 2009 to the first couple of months of ‘09 to 2010 has gone up 300 basis points that’s a good thing, while the prime rate has basically stayed flat. So you can see the market moving. So the other thing that’s going to impact our growth will be watching where that destination go to rate goes to and we’re going to be managing our business very much building resilience into our pricing. How much growth we have in particular segments is really going to be driven on whether the industry prices prudently. So that’s the other one to watch. And when all the dust settles, Mike, I think probably our mix of our business and the type of things we’re marketing to the customers, we are marketing is going to be pretty much the same.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our final question comes from Moshe Orenbuch from Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks. Have you discussed the impact of the overdraft changes on your P&L and I have a follow-up after that?
Rich Fairbank: Moshe, no, we have not. So let me talk little bit about that. Our business practices in the NSF OD space are in line compared with other banks. But because the size of our retail bank in comparison to our overall company versus that ratio for most of the people that we compete against, the impact of this legislation on our earnings is probably going to be less. I mean, its something less than 2% of our revenue that in aggregate it represents. So we’ve made important changes in our overdraft policies, which we disclosed on our website if you’d like to look at those. Since, well, frankly, right after we got into banking, one of our first meetings was we wanted to take a look, in the same as we try to look at practices in the card business, we took a look and started letting some of the air of those practices way back then. But we’ve made some other recent changes, which you can find at our website. So we don’t, so if I pull way up, Moshe, I sort of philosophically feel the same way about this that I do about some of the card practices. These are things that right when you see what is legislated. It adds impact and hurts the P&L. But I think the equilibrium that comes out of it is going to be a healthy one, certainly not a lot of reliance by us on that type of income. But I think that it will end up again helping the building of franchise and some of the same things that I felt on the card site. Go head to head a second part of the question?
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: A follow-up, yeah, was really on the discussion that Steve and Gary had. It sounded like Gary had said that the suppression was both for lower suppression in the current period, that was the $135 million he referred to in the recovery of prior suppressed fees. So, is that correct, I mean, was actually higher than that in terms of the impact on the quarter?
Gary Perlin: No, Moshe, sorry if I give you that impression. Again, if you constantly look at suppression as the being the equivalent of the provision, there was not a lot of movement in actual reversals or recoveries. So almost all of the change in the suppression came about as a result of decrease in the finance charge and fee reserve, so think of it as kind of an allowance release for fees and finance charges. So that’s where all of the change was and that again was driven both by the lower level of fees that were actually assessed, as well as improvement in delinquency rates on the finance charge and fee receivables we have now.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Well, that concludes our call for this evening. Thank you very much for joining us and thank you for your interest in Capital One. If you have any further questions, the investor relations team will be here this evening and we’d be happy to answer your questions. Thanks and have a great evening.
Operator: That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-21 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – VP, IR Gary Perlin – CFO and Principal Accounting Officer Richard Fairbank – Founder, Chairman and CEO
Analysts: Bruce Harting – Barclays Capital Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs Andrew Wessel – J.P. Morgan Rick Shane – Jefferies & Company Chris Brendler – Stifel Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW David Hochstim – Buckingham Research Brad Ball – Ladenburg Thalmann Kenneth Bruce – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch Joe Mack – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group John Stilmar – SunTrust
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much. Welcome, everyone to Capital One's fourth quarter 2009 earnings call. Thanks also for joining us a little bit earlier than usual today. As usual we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2009 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through the presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's web site, click on Investors and then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section titled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation and the risk factor section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. Now, I'll turn the call over to Gary.
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff, and good afternoon to everyone listening to the call. I'll begin on slide three of the earnings presentation. In the fourth quarter Capital One earned $376 million or $0.83 per share, a slight decline from the prior quarter. Earnings for a full year 2009 were $884 million or $0.75 per share after including the $1.31 dividend and repayment expense of the government's preferred share investment that we repaid in full in the second quarter. Revenues in the fourth quarter were down $216 million from the prior quarter with the largest factor being $113 million fewer gains from the sales of securities than we recognized in the third quarter. A continued decline in average assets also contributed to the dip in revenue, despite stable net interest margin. These declines were somewhat offset by a modest improvement in the value of our retained interests as well as less suppression of card revenue. Non-interest expenses were up 8% from the linked quarter as marketing began to recover from historically low levels and operating expenses saw expected fourth quarter increases. While preprovision earnings fell by $362 million, provision expense improved by $354 million. As the $386 million release in our allowance more than offset the modestly higher charge-offs. More on credit performance and the allowance in a moment. The $28 million after-tax loss in discontinued operations includes GreenPoint rep and warranty expense. All told, despite some larger swings in individual line items in the quarter, earnings per share were relatively flat. For the full year a challenging economy helped drive a 3% decrease in average loans. However, historically wide spreads on low risk investment securities particularly in the first half of 2009 led us to grow the investment portfolio by 26%, so our overall earning assets were up modestly in the year. This strategy helped produce stable margins and flat year-over-year revenue. Looking ahead to 2010, we expect the trend of declining loans to continue with the runoff of certain portfolios and high levels of charge-offs, but unlike 2009, we do not expect this average loan decline to be offset by further growth in our securities portfolio as risk adjusted returns are likely to be less attractive than in 2009. While margins may moderate slightly from fourth quarter levels, we expect that annual margins will largely be similar year-over-year. All told, stable margins on a smaller portfolio will likely lead to lower revenue in 2010. In response to lower loan demand and economic uncertainty, we pulled back on marketing spend in 2009. This decrease was offset by the addition of Chevy Chase Bank operating expenses. We expect non-interest expenses to increase in 2010. Media and other marketing costs are likely to rise from depressed levels to levels that are more in line with our historical marketing spend depending on our evolving view of market opportunities. Operating expenses will remain stable as ongoing efficiency improvements are offset by investments in our banking and mortgage infrastructure. Full year 2009 provision expense was essentially flat versus the 2008 level. Its higher charge-offs in 2009 were offset by $2 billion positive swing in allowance from a $1.6 billion build in 2008 to a $400 million release in 2009. This $400 million release was more than accounted for by a smaller reported loan book. The potential for a reduction in our 2010 allowance due to declining balances and a moderating credit outlook could result in a significantly lower provision expense. Of course the economic picture continues to evolve rapidly and the results of various line items may play out differently than the projections I just described. In any event, our balance sheet affords us a great deal of flexibility to manage in a changing environment. This flexibility was clearly on display as we navigated a tough environment to produce strong results in 2009 and will continue to stay flexible as we manage through 2010. As we turn to slide four, I'll describe the impact of our loan trends and economic outlook on our allowance. Our overall allowance declined by $386 million in the quarter as builds in both commercial and other consumer banking were more than offset by releases in both auto and credit card. In commercial banking it is worth noting that the supplemental table show a spike in the GreenPoint small ticket CRE charge-offs which was driven by a movement of $277 million of those loans to be held for sale, causing us to charge the loans down to market value. Excluding this impact non-performing loans continued to rise while the total size of the portfolio remained largely flat causing us to build our allowance by $115 million in the quarter. Rich will discuss credit friends in the commercial banking segment in greater detail in a few moments. In the auto business, $1.1 billion of loan shrinkage in the quarter and continued improvement in credit stemming from our portfolio shift to higher quality originations from 2008 and 2009, led to a $96 million release in our allowance for that business. In domestic card about three quarters of the $416 million allowance release is driven by changes in the size and structure of our loan portfolio. About $220 million of that impact relates directly to the reduced level of reported balances. The remaining quarter of the card allowance release is driven by the regrounding of our models to reflect the fact that actual credit performance has been favorable to our internal expectations even though some macroeconomic variables have come in worse than we expected. As you will hear from Rich in a moment, we remain cautious in our economic outlook especially with respect to the labor and housing markets. Consistent with this view we are continuing to maintain high levels of allowance to both reported loans and delinquencies. Turning to slide five, I'll discuss movements in our balance sheet. Assets increased by $2.4 billion in the quarter as shrinkage in each of our lending businesses was more than offset by growth in our securities portfolio and cash position. Our managed domestic card portfolio was down $1.6 billion in the quarter driven primarily by a $1 billion dollars of runoff in our closed end loan portfolio. The closed end clone portfolio had $7 billion outstanding as of the end of the year and it will continue to pressure card growth as we expect approximately $3 billion to run off over the course of 2010. The slight shrinkage in our fourth quarter commercial banking portfolio was more than driven by the shift of the small ticket CRE portfolio to held for sale that I mentioned earlier. Our commercial lending business is expected to grow modestly in 2010. On the consumer bank side the $1.9 billion decline in fourth quarter assets was primarily driven by $1.1 billion of lower outstandings in the auto business and a $700 million decline in the size of our mortgage portfolio. With respect to auto, recall we drastically pulled back on origination volume in early 2008 and we are now beginning to approach the point at which the runoff of prior originations will equal new originations. As a result of this slowing pace of runoff, we expect ending loans to be down approximately $1.5 billion over 2010 compared to a $3.3 billion decline in 2009. Our mortgage portfolio largely remains in runoff mode and expect to decline by approximately $2.5 billion in 2010. Our $39 billion securities portfolio remained fairly constant quarter-over-quarter both in terms of size as well as composition. The total net unrealized gain to the portfolio now stands at $291 million down some $49 million from the third quarter primarily as a result of higher interest rates across the medium and long-term parts of the yield curve Finally, we had a nearly $5 billion increase in our cash position in the fourth quarter as we held late quarter deposit growth and the proceeds from our November trust preferred issuance in cash and cash equivalents. We expect a substantial amount of this position to roll off in the first quarter. Between the runoff of our closed end loan portfolio in the card business and declining consumer loans in both auto and mortgage, we expect these businesses will together lose approximately $7 billion of loans in 2010. While our other lending businesses may see net growth this year despite elevated levels of charge-offs. It is reasonable to assume that the total loan portfolio will decline by mid-single-digits in terms of percentage this year. Taking into account the rapid shrinkage already experienced in 2009, the averaging impact of a mid-single-digit percentage decline in ending loan balances this year will equate to a high single-digit percentage decline in average loan balances. On the liability side, we continue to leverage the flexibility of both our branch and national direct bank platforms to drive down funding costs. In the fourth quarter, we swapped out of higher priced time deposits into money market and savings accounts and increased the amount of non-interest bearing deposits. Let see the benefit of these moves on funding costs on slide six. While asset yield declined by 14 basis points in the quarter, we were able to offset most of the decline through lower funding costs resulting in a stable net interest margin. As I indicated on the last call some of the non-interest income revenue realized in the third quarter was not sustainable in the fourth quarter and revenue margin fell slightly but remained high. While both net interest margin and revenue margin may moderate slightly from fourth quarter levels we expect a full year rates for 2010 to be similar to those in 2009. With revenue down and non-interest expenses up in the quarter, the efficiency ratio climbed 5% from the abnormally low third quarter to 43.9%. Looking ahead, the expectation for a smaller loan portfolio will put downward pressure on revenues in 2010. Coupling that with our expected increase in marketing and largely stable operating expenses, it's prudent to assume that our efficiency ratio will rise year-over-year. I will now discuss capital on slide seven. Our ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets rose 10 basis points in the quarter to 6.3%, as earnings more than offset a modest increase in tangible assets. In addition to the increase in common equity we see in the TCE ratio. The tier 1 ratio benefited from three additional factors. First, the reported balance sheet got smaller. Second, some of the asset growth was in cash, which carries zero risk weight on our regulatory ratios and finally Tier 1 includes the proceeds of our billion dollar trust preferred issue in November. In aggregate these factors resulted in an overall 190 basis point improvement in the Tier 1 ratio. While these capital ratios are at their highest point since the third quarter of 2008, the composition of reported capital and reserves will, of course, change considerably with the first quarter implementation of FAS 166 and 167 as well as the corresponding implementation of the regulatory capital rules over the next five quarters. Turning to slide eight, I'll describe these impacts in greater detail for you. For Capital One, consolidation under FAS 166, 167, takes effect on January 1, 2010. While you will see the actual impact of book value consolidation when we report first quarter earnings, we thought it would be useful to describe the key impacts of consolidation by providing on this slide an estimated balance sheet for the start of the quarter. Under FAS, 166 and 167, we are bringing back all $46 billion of securitized credit card and installment loan assets and approximately $1.5 billion of securitized mortgage assets. These $47.8 billion of assets can be seen in the adjustment to loans held for investment on the slide. It's worth noting that about $6 billion of securitized mortgage assets will remain off balance sheet. Even though we don't retain all of the risk associated with securitized assets, we will build an allowance at a comparable coverage ratio to existing on balance sheet assets upon consolidation. The implementation of FAS 166 and 167 will therefore reduce retained earnings primarily due to the after-tax effect of the $4.3 billion allowance build and the allowance would stand at $8.4 billion. The change in accounting also eliminates the line item for accounts receivable from securitizations. This account included several different items most materially the securitizations retained by Capital One as well as the cash and collection accounts related to our securitization transactions. About $5 billion of retained interest in our own securitizations will now be classified as loans and the amounts in the securitization related cash accounts will now be classified as cash. The change in other assets is primarily due to the deferred tax asset created upon implementation. And finally, we will increase our securitization liability to account for the debt associated with those assets. Now that I've shared the geography movements to the balance sheet, I'll provide pro forma capital estimates for this impact on slide nine. Since we've always captured securitized card assets in the denominator of our TCE ratio. The only impact of consolidation to the denominator of the TCE ratio comes from the addition of billion and a half dollars of securitized mortgage assets. This asset increase coupled with the reduction in the numerator caused by the $4.3 billion allowance build, would have decreased the TCE ratio by about 150 basis points to 4.8% as of the end of the year. Since the allowance build is tax affected, you'll note on the right hand graph that the allowance grows more than our TCE declines. Going forward, given the natural runoff of high fourth quarter cash balances, the impact of our runoff portfolios and likely seasonal declines in revolving credit utilization, we continue to expect that our TCE ratio will be above 5% at the end of the first quarter and will likely grow thereafter. Our Tier 1 and other risk based capital ratios will be impacted by more significant moves in both the numerator and the denominator. But unlike the full and immediate impact of consolidation to the TCE ratio, the timing of the impact will be realized more gradually in line with the phase-in framework established by National Bank regulators. The phase-in period extends through 2010 with the full impact of consolidation off-balance sheet securitizations for regulatory capital purposes included as of the first quarter of 2011. We are providing pro forma estimates of regulatory capital ratios using the rules which will be in place as of March 31, 2010, in order to facilitate sequential comparisons, when we report at the end of the first quarter of 2010. Pro forma Tier 1 ratios as of 12/31/09 are impacted by a decline in the numerator as we account for the allowance driven reduction in retained earnings. The numerator is further reduced by our need to disallow for regulatory capital purposes, some or all of the deferred tax asset which results from the consolidation driven increase in allowance. The net result of the reduced numerator will cause pro forma Tier 1 ratios to decline from actual 12/31/09 ratios by some 400 basis points. Beginning in the third quarter of 2010, what remains then of current off-balance sheet assets will begin to flow in part into the denominator of the Tier 1 ratio. Of course the numerator may also change between now and then depending on changes in the allowance over the next few quarters. Total risk based capital rules dictate not only a phase-in period for including securitized loans in the denominator of risk related assets, but also for the numerator impact for any allowance build associated with the consolidation off-balance sheet assets. As a result there is only a deminimis impact in the pro forma estimate of total risk based capital on 12/31/09 compared to the actual ratio prior to consolidation. Now aside from the balance sheet impact of this transition, it's important to note that our income statement will also be impacted in future quarters by consolidation. Since allowance will now be required for all of our managed assets, the movement in our allowance for our card business for example, will be approximately three times as large as it would otherwise have been, had the two thirds of our card loans that are securitized stayed off-balance sheet. Given our expectation for continued loan shrinkage in 2010, allowance releases associated with declining loan volume will now be amplified compared to, what it would have been without the FAS 166 and 167 implementation. In addition to the allowance our IO strip and other retained interest valuation will change also as a result of consolidation. Prior to FAS 166 and 167, we recognized small gains upon securitization and changes to our valuation flowed from non-interest income. Post-consolidation no gains will be recognized and allowance will be established upon loan origination and changes to expected losses will flow through the provision at a level higher than previously recorded through the IO strip. As we've been saying for a number of quarters, the implementation of FAS 166 and 167 simply creates a migration of accounting entries across the balance sheet and does not change our company's risk profile or capacity to absorb that risk. Our balance sheet remains extremely strong and flexible and those characteristics give us tremendous confidence in our ability to produce strong results despite a challenging and uncertain environment. With that I'll pass the call over to Rich to talk about the performance of our businesses in greater detail, Rich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Gary, I'll begin on slide 10. Our credit card business was the biggest contributor of profits in the quarter. With both the domestic and international card businesses posting a profit. I'll discuss the results of the card business in a moment. In our commercial banking business, credit performance was the biggest driver of the net loss. Provision expense actually declined modestly from the third quarter but remains elevated. Looking beyond credit results, commercial loan balances declined slightly while low-cost commercial deposits grew. Higher loan yields drove a modest increase in revenue. Non-interest expenses increased driven by rising costs associated with loan workouts and by continuing infrastructure investments. The consumer banking business posted a modest net loss for the quarter. Seasonal credit trends reduced fourth quarter auto finance profits compared to the third quarter. Mortgage portfolio revenues and profits declined as a result of negative valuation adjustments to retain interest and securitized mortgage portfolios and MSR write-down and purchase accounting adjustments. We also continued to experience the expected runoff of mortgage balances. Consumer banking provision expense increased with seasonal increases in auto finance and continued deterioration in mortgage and home equity credit trends. Operating expenses increased in the quarter as a result of several factors. Fourth quarter includes planned expenses related to the integration of Chevy Chase Bank. Beyond integration we're investing to build a scaleable banking infrastructure to ensure that we're well position to take advantage of opportunities to grow our banking businesses. And higher costs associated with auto finance collections and mortgage loss mitigation operations contributed to higher operating expenses in the quarter. Consumer banking deposits grew even as deposit interest expense declined again in the fourth quarter. Slide 11 shows credit results for our credit card business. Domestic card charge-off rate was relatively stable from the third quarter to the fourth quarter decreasing five basis points. There were a number of offsetting factors under the surface. The fourth quarter is a period of seasonal headwinds in domestic card. All else equal that would have increased fourth quarter charge-off rate by about 80 basis points. Domestic card assets continue to do shrink in the fourth quarter. This denominator effect led to a 45 basis point increase in the fourth quarter charge-off rate. Fourth quarter charge-off rate included a 60 basis point benefit relative to Q3 as we passed the peak of the OCC minimum payment impact in the third quarter. The OCC minimum payment impact fell from about 80 basis points in the third quarter to about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter. When you adjust for the effects of seasonality OCC minimum payment impact and declining denominator, underlying credit quality in our domestic card portfolio improved in the fourth quarter. Later stage delinquency flow rates declined slightly after rising rapidly over the previous year. Our post charge-off recovery liquidation rates showed signs of stabilization after prolonged periods of decline. Bankruptcies were slightly lower on a quarter-over-quarter basis. And while, early stage delinquency flow rates remained elevated in Q4, they declined slightly from the third quarter. Domestic card delinquencies rose 40 basis points in the fourth quarter. Our delinquency rate increased more than some others. It appears that the adverse trends in flow rates and delinquency bucket inventories has abated, although we do expected elevated delinquencies to lead to increase in charge-offs in the first quarter of 2010. Overall, we expect further increases in the domestic charge-off rate into 2010. We expect the charge-off rate for the first quarter could cross 11% driven by declining loan balances and the effective pricing actions flowing through to charge-off. We believe that, we'll reach the quarterly peak of charge-off dollars in the first quarter of 2010. Although, declining loan balances may cause charge-off rates to remain elevated for a bit longer. But similar to our view about unemployment rate nearing a peak doesn't necessarily mean that we're nearing the beginning of a robust recovery. But barring significant adverse changes to our long-term credit outlook or the regulatory environment, we expect that our domestic card business will remain profitable in 2010. Credit trends in the international business reflect continuing economic weakness in the UK and Canada. We have been retrenching the UK business for sometime now and we have been cautious in Canada in anticipation of the credit worsening that began in the first half of 2009. Fourth quarter credit results as well as the outlook for reaching the peak of dollar charge-offs in the first quarter of 2010 resulted in a significant decline in provision expense for our credit card business. Declining provision expense was the key driver of profitability in the quarter. Slide 12, shows loan balances for the domestic and the international card businesses. Ending loans in our domestic card business continued to decline in the quarter. The decline resulted from the continuing runoff is nationally originated installment loans and elevated charge-offs, partially offset by seasonal balance build. In 2009, we continued to aggressively manage the company through the downturn in part by retrenching and pulling back on originations. As a result marketing expense for 2009 was unusually low. In 2010, we expect the domestic card marketing expenses will ramp back toward more normal levels depending on our assessment of the marketing, in the market and the merging opportunities for profitable and resilient origination growth. However, we expect to increase marketing will not result in net loan growth in 2010. While, increased marketing may result in revolving loan originations that more or less offset the effective elevated charge-offs, we expect domestic card loans to decline in 2010 because continuing runoff of about $3 billion of installment loans. If normal seasonal patterns hold we would expect that most or all of the decline would come in the first quarter. In subsequent quarters, we expect loan balances for the domestic card segment to be relatively flat as originations roughly offset both elevated charge-off and installment loan runoff. To put this in perspective, domestic card loans shrank by about an $11 billion in 2009 as a result of weak demand from creditworthy borrowers elevated charge-off unusually low marketing and originations and the runoff of installment loans. Slide 13, shows annual domestic card revenue margins since 2004. While, quarterly revenue margin can vary considerably annual revenue margins have been very steady for seven years. Revenue margin in the domestic card business improved modestly in the fourth quarter to just over 17%. Recall that last quarter, we indicated the domestic card revenue margin would likely decline modestly in the fourth quarter, but remain above 16%. Fourth quarter revenue margin exceeded our previous expectations largely as a result of better than expected credit results. The same credit results and outlook that contributed to the allowance release in the quarter had a parallel, albeit smaller, favorable impact on revenue. Actual credit results were favorable to our prior expectations driving a more favorable assessment of the collectibility of finance charges and fees that were previously build but not recognized as revenue. This allowed us to recognize some of these previously build fees as revenue in the fourth quarter and to recognize a larger portion of fourth quarter fee billings as well. Looking forward our view of domestic card revenue margin for 2010 has not changed meaningfully, although the stronger than expected fourth quarter revenue margin changes the trajectory of how we expect to get there. We expect 2000 – excuse me, we expect that quarterly domestic card revenue margin will be in the mid 15% range in 2010. Although, the revenue margin in the first quarter may come in a bit higher than that. Several factors may introduce more than usual uncertainty and quarterly variability in revenue margin. Continuing favorable credit impacts to revenue may push revenue margin a bit higher. Conversely, pending regulatory interpretations of aspects of the card loss such as defining reasonable fees and the need for issuers to consider, quote, unquote, unrepricing later in 2010, pose risk to the downside. Before moving to our commercial and consumer banking businesses, I'd like to pull up and discuss our long-term outlook for domestic card more holistically. Relative to the industry, we believe our domestic card business will be less exposed to most aspects of the card law, because we've never relied on practices like aggressive finally repricing, universal default or double cycle billing. As a result, we would expect that we will be able to essentially restart the marketing of similar products, the similar customer segments that we were doing before we pulled back during the recession. We do expect to see a redistribution of where credit card revenue comes from in our U.S. card business, with declining revenues from over limit fees and increasing revenues from upfront pricing. In aggregate, we believe our revenue model will remain largely intact overtime, assuming an intact revenue model, bottom line returns would be largely determine by where credit loss is normalize, we expect returns in our current business to diminish modestly from pre-recession levels but to remain very attractive and well above hurdle rates over the longer term. Our outlook for 2010 revenue margin is consistent with this longer term view. We're already seeing the redistribution in the 2009 trends of rising interest income and falling net and falling non-interest income in our domestic card business. Compared to 2008, domestic card net interest margin increased 86 basis points in 2009, while non-interest income as a percentage of loans, decreased 87 basis points. The redistribution drove domestic card revenue margin for the third and fourth quarters of 2009 to unusually high levels. While, the 2009 decline in non-interest income is mostly the result of consumer behavior changes in the downturn, we expect the new card law will drive continuing redistribution in 2010, which will result in quarterly revenue margin returning to more normal levels. As you can see on the graph, expected revenue margin in the mid 15% range is certainly consistent with our history over the last six years. We expect the 2010 domestic card results will reflect the continuing drag of declining loan balances resulting from installment loan runoff as well as increasing marketing expense. But the credit card business has always been characterized by significant near-term marketing investments followed by a long-term payoff with very attractive risk adjusted returns. Margins will likely return to well above hurdle over the cycle. We expected that returns will be more sustainable, long-term with competitive practices cleaned up by the card law. And as we said before, we believe the domestic card market and the competitive environment following the implementation of the card law will play to our strengths. Slide 14, shows commercial banking credit trends. Commercial banking charge-off rate, increased sharply in the fourth quarter, while the non-performing asset percentage declined. The divergent trends were driven by the small ticket commercial real estate loan portfolio which continues to run off after we stopped originating these loans over two years ago. We charged off a portfolio of non-performing loans in the fourth quarter as we moved to sell them. This also drove the sharp increase in small ticket CRE charge-offs you can see in the press release tables. In our core commercial lending businesses, which excludes the small ticket commercial real estate portfolio, charge-off rate in the non-performing asset rate both increased driven by deterioration in the commercial and multi-family real estate portfolio. Within this portfolio, the deterioration remains concentrated in our relatively small construction portfolio and in loans related to New York City office buildings. Credit performance in the middle market portfolio was relatively stable. We believe that the continuing recession will drive continuing declines in commercial real estate values and that non-performers and charge-offs will remain elevated across our commercial banking business in 2010. Compared to most large banks, commercial loans are much smaller percentage of our total company managed loans and we also believe that our commercial banking loan portfolio is well positioned to weather the recession. We have a favorable loan mix with relatively small exposure to construction lending, are relatively small exposure to construction lending and the key reason that the absolute level of our CRE charge-off rate is lower than many other banks. We also have a relatively large exposure to New York City multi-family, which has been resilient to recession because of rent-controls and supply limitations. We have disciplined lending standards and we underwrite to inplace cash flows and rents and we follow a relationship oriented approach that focuses on borrowers with whom, we had long experience and deep relationships. Slide 15, shows credit results for mortgage and auto, the two largest components of the consumer banking loan portfolio. Delinquencies and charge-offs for the mortgage portfolio continue to degrade along with the industry but remain in line with industry credit trends for similar high quality portfolios. Our mortgage portfolio includes the Chevy Chase mortgage loans we acquired earlier in 2009. Our credit metrics and the P&L are largely insulated from the credit risk of the Chevy Chase mortgage loans because of the substantial credit mark we took at the time of the acquisition. Credit trends through 2009 are in line with our expectations and we remain comfortable with the mark. Our current priority for the mortgage portfolio is aggressively managing defaults. We're also building infrastructure and developing strategies in anticipation of opportunities to grow in footprint mortgage originations as the mortgage market shakes out and the economic cycle turns. Auto finance, charge-offs and delinquency rates both increased in the fourth quarter. Increases resulted from expected seasonal patterns and impact was the decline in the denominator. These factors were partially offset by the continuing success of our investments in auto finance collection and recoveries. Capital One Auto Finance delivered another strong quarter of profitability despite continuing economic headwinds. Our 2008 and 2009 origination vintages are delivering strong results. We have been able to originate loans with lower LTVs to customers with higher FICO scores. At the same time, we have been able to improving pricing and margin in the current competitive environment. As a result we expect that the 2008 and 2009 originations will yield above hurdle risk adjusted returns and performance to date is tracking at or above these expectations. I'll conclude tonight on Slide 16. Pulling up we have worked for years to position our company to be resilient and we're demonstrating that resilience through the most challenging economic cycle that we've seen in generations. We've delivered solid preprovision, pretax earnings throughout the recession. We passed the government stress test and we were able to be among the earliest to repay TARP. We have delivered bottom line profitability for both the quarter and the year and we've maintained the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. As a result we're well positioned to deliver value as the cycle plays out. The mechanics of how we deliver value over the cycle will shape near-term trends. We expect that loans will continue to decline in 2010, driven largely by continuing runoff of businesses we exited or repositioned earlier in the recession. As we near the peak of charge-offs in our consumer businesses, the combination of declining loan balances and moderating economic outlook create the potential for significant allowance releases. Potential allowance releases would coincide with investments we expect to make to drive future growth and returns. In 2010, we expect that marketing expense will begin to ramp toward more normal historical level and that operating expenses will be similar to 2009 as ongoing efficiency improvements are offset by investments in infrastructure. While we expect loan growth and returns to lag investments, just as they always have, we remain confident that the returns will be attractive and sustainable over the long-term. Our results for the fourth quarter of 2009 provide a sort of preview of many of the trends that we expect to continue in 2010. Declining loan balances and stable margins, lower revenues and preprovision earnings and the offsetting effect of significant allowance relief that resulted from both declining loan balances and modest favor ability in credit results and outlook. As we enter 2010, we continue to make the tough decisions and take the actions that we believe will put our company in the best possible position to manage the company through the downturn for the benefit of shareholders. As a result of our actions we believe that we remained well positioned to weather the storm and to deliver shareholder value over the cycle. Now, Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We'll now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question with a single follow-up question? If you have any additional follow-up questions, after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations staff will be able after the call. Would you please start the Q&A session?
Operator: (Operator instructions) We'll take our first question from Bruce Harting with Barclays.
Bruce Harting – Barclays Capital: So how should we think about the current run rate on charge-offs at about 2.2 billion and now the new reserve allowance level having doubled due to SFAS 166 and how that works through the numbers over the next four quarters as, you said charge-offs in dollar terms may peak in the first quarter and then drop from there? Thanks.
Gary Perlin: Hey, Bruce, it's Gary. You know, certainly now that we will be building an allowance against our entire book, the size of the allowance is going to be a lot closer to our view of the next 12 months of losses than it was before. I want to warn you, it is not exactly the same thing because there is not an exact one for one in all of our businesses. For example, some of our commercial assets carrying allowance that is different than 12 months expected loss. And even in the card business, the allowance is only booked against expected losses and loans already on our balance sheet and it doesn't speak to any potential losses on balances that could be booked over the course of the year. So, you know, directionally, I think, you take a look at allowance and that will give you a view of where things are likely to go over the next 12 months based on our current view. But it's not exactly to be one for one, just a lot closer than it was.
Bruce Harting – Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: I guess, Following up on the same issue, when we try to think about the core earnings run rate of the company, I guess, you struggled as you done $0.90, given and take you to the past two quarters, you're pointing to lower revenue on both price and volume but higher marketing expense but then against that and coming back to the allowance issue if I understand the slide right, it will be 6.5% when historically you kind of ran with 4% in a normal credit environment. I mean, if this is the 2010 the kind of transition year where credit getting better, the earnings are driven by, mostly by reserve releases and underlying that the core franchise isn't actually earning very much but it is more investing for the future?
Gary Perlin: Yeah, sure, Brian, it is Gary, here. I think you're reading things , quite correctly assuming that our view of the economy is in sync, with yours, which is that, you know, charge-offs are stabilizing at relatively high level. And we've got allowance coverage ratios that reflect that, as Rich said, that we are going to have to work hard to rebuild our balances. Many of them either running off because of the discontinued businesses or perhaps, you know, running off because of the high level of charge-offs so there is an investment to be done this year as Rich described on the marketing side, in order to, generate growth to fill some of that, reduced level of balances. So, I think all told, over the last couple of years, you've seen a great stability in each of the major line items of our income statement that is both revenue and expenses and provision with a lot of, offsets within those areas. What you saw in this last quarter was a decline in revenue, largely coming from balances. You saw relatively stable margins. You saw slight pick up in expenses. And, a significant decline in provision expense and that seems to me a reasonable expectation, as the economy begins to turn if that's in fact what it turns out to be doing.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: One follow-up, if I could.
Gary Perlin: Yes. Go ahead, Brian.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: On the TCE ratio pro forma for SFAS 166 previously you said greater than five and now it is 4.8. Now I realize there is a lot of moving parts but is there any one particular thing that drove the change?
Gary Perlin: Just as a quick reminder, Brian, what we've said was when we fully implement at the end of the first quarter; we would be at 5%. We weren't actually guiding to where we thought we would be pro forma at the end of 12/31, since it wasn't in play there, as I described, what we've, expected in the first quarter is a pretty significant decline in balances, both in cash balances, typically, in the first quarter, we have a decline in revolving credit balances and we have continued runoff. So as I said earlier, I'm comfortable that what we said before, which is that our TCE ratio at the end of the first quarter in which we implement FAS 166, 167 would be above 5% and it still feels like the right thing for us, right now.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Wessel with J.P. Morgan.
Andrew Wessel – J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just the one, I had was about the opportunities to grow the banking business going forward and you talked about building on your infrastructure to have the potential to really scale up and be bigger. Is that any indication about the strategy of potentially looking at deals going forward in the – at least in 2010, I think that the past conversations have been a lot of the FDIC different transactions didn't look all that attractive to you. Has anything changed there? Is there anything else you see on the acquisition front?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Andrew, this is Rich. Actually, it's a – the path to being what we kind of the term we use and commonly use in the regulatory circles, top 10 banking infrastructure is something that is the same as a shared path, were we never to do any more banking deals or were we to do more banking deals, because it really is basically the path to take three banking infrastructures, none of which was built anywhere near to top 10 banking scalability and to, build that capability. So we're not investing extra in order to be able to view bank acquisitions. Now, as I said before, we are well positioned with the transformation we have done as a company to, with the relevant scale and in all of our businesses. So I think we feel very well positioned. It's not lost on us, that there will be a lot of, banks in various situations of hurt and we will look at those opportunities as they come along and FDIC deals, we have participate in some of the examination of those deals but – to us it's a very much about disciplined evaluation of the opportunities. There is no sense of, we've got to get to a different place and therefore Andrew, we are really very much in the same place as we were last time, we talked to you on that.
Andrew Wessel – J.P. Morgan: Thanks.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rick Shane with Jefferies & Company.
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Company: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question. I'm going to focus on the other part, the margin side. Your guidance is effectively for flat year-over-year margins, which I would take to be in the mid 15% range. The 2009 numbers had a really sort of dramatic contour to them in that they rose steadily throughout the year. If we look at where we're headed, the implication is that we're going to see a step down from Q4, which is what you guys have indicated. What I'd like to understand is how that's going to play out throughout the year. Are we going to see a big step down in the next quarter and then is it going to level off or is it going to decay throughout the year and you're get to a mid 15 type number by 16% in the first half and 14.5% in the second half and the reason the real implication being what should we be looking for out in 2011? Where are we going to exit the year?
Richard Fairbank: Rick, I want to stay out of the quarterly margin projection business. However, it's also that we are not projecting, in some sense of it just continual decline over the course of a year. One thing that creates uncertainty about the number and that was on display in the fourth quarter is what happens with respect to how credit comes in relative to their expectations and therefore how that flows through the finance charge reserve impacts, which go through revenue. But frankly, other than those effects, this is pretty much a move toward the 15% kind of range and it's not some big decline over the course of the year. As we indicated that the first quarter probably be a graduation on the way to that but I think this is more of a destination margin for us as opposed to something on the way to a different destination in the following year. I think our view about this thing is and the reason we put that slide in, it's kind of striking even to sort of take a trip through memory lane and look at so many years with relatively stable revenue margin. Because fundamentally our business model isn't really all that much changed from, where it's going to be versus where it has been over the past years. It's logical that and somewhat natural to us, that it would be the revenue margin would be in a similar kind of a place. So frankly, the 15 – the revenue margin in the 15 that we're talking about is I think sort of the, as far out as we can see it kind of destination margin on the other side of the card act and the other changes the – I think there would be a gradual impact is over the years as credit losses come down probably you would see margins sort of naturally moderated – moderate from there.
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Company: To steal some of Gary's words, a little bit of geographic change but long-term not a big change?
Richard Fairbank: Exactly. But I really do want to push on the geographic change, because this is something that I think is on the way to a, while we want our investors to understand the geographic change, pulling up beyond Capital One sort to the credit card industry, the geographic change, yes, there is some geographic change with respect to non-interest income going to net interest income, but the much more important thing is the geographic change of how pricing happens with respect to customers and the marketing. And the geographic change is that pricing is going to go to much more upfront very clear pricing and it's a return along with that to this business being about what it used to be so much about, which is upfront underwriting. And this is the business that we've been wanting for a long time, it's the business of the '90s and we look forward to that. We're pretty comfortable that for us along with that will be a revenue margin generally consistent with the kind of revenue margin, we've had before.
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Company: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And our next question comes from Chris Brendler with Stifel.
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. Rich, another question on the card business, if I might. I think that when this card act was first announced that we were thinking of that, you would see a pretty dramatic impact on the industry's loan balances and that you would cause, issuers to pull back from not only subprime but also the prime segment as the lack of repricing made those businesses, made those lending opportunities shrink, combined, we're already seeing and shrinking industry with consumers leveraging. Your guidance appears to be a lot more aggressive for 2010 in terms of loan growth in the card business. I am just wondering what kind of – sort of macro or industry assumptions you have around your ability to grow the card portfolio this year and if you share my recent thinking that lot of the shrinkage in the card industries balances in 2009 was really more self-inflicted as everyone pulled back on marketing and pulled back on lines. You had the industry shrink a lot and maybe as credit is turning we'll see better industry growth this year. Thanks.
Richard Fairbank: Right. So before we talk about kind of us and this year, let me talk about the industry and what's been happening and I think what's headed to happen over time. By far the really big story with respect to outstandings in the card business is the math of 10% charge-off rates and it's pretty breathtaking watching the whole industry lose balances and as we pointed out that's always first and foremost the thing that kind of drives ours and frankly the industries declined. As we've talked about for ourselves, I can't speak for the industry, but for ourselves sort of 2010 is the year that, things kind of stabilize with respect to that. As originations sort of move to offset that the second big point I'd make it, there is very big consumer phenomenon happening here, that the lack of credit demand is a striking thing across all of our businesses, but we certainly see it in the card business and while I think that is particularly acute during this downturn, our expectation is on the other the side of this downturn continued bias for the consumer to increase savings as opposed to borrowings will be something that, to probably causes that the card business to be – not have much growth and probably more likely to be, something with respect to shrinking. So that leads us to the part that we can more only speculate about and that is what is the competitive environment, that in the end, kind of completes this equation? I think, we, in all of the businesses that we're in across all of banking, I think that the competition has generally pulled back and has some blend of licking their wounds and kind of rethinking their business model. But I would expect in the card business there to be less competition than in the really intense days of the past but certainly more competition than the fairly absent competition, ourself included, over the past year. But for us, I think the encouraging thing is that for us it is not really a matter of reinventing a business model, it is a matter of just kind of doing what we've done before in the context of a more level playing field and we really look forward to that opportunity. Don't confuse that with big rapid growth. But I think from everything we can see the opportunity to have very healthy, good quality growth with the kind of returns that we've enjoyed for many years, is what we see and as Gary and I have been pointing out, we just got to make sure our investors understand the mechanics of kind of going through the transition from big shrinking time to where we're restarting the engine and really getting growth going again.
Chris Brendler – Stifel: Thanks. Quick follow-up, if I could. Just update us on how you're seeing the opt in on over limit fee, access and your customers' response to those new rules?
Richard Fairbank: This is something that is really kind of unfolding right before us at this point. I really can mostly just want to talk philosophically. I think opt in is a – while it has obviously impact on the industry is something happening from a consumer point of view is very sensible and kind of, I think it is a good way to approach the business. We are undertaking to offer the over limit feature to our customers that want it and I think some will take it and some will not. But in any event, the net effect of the rules with respect to over limits will be a sizeable reduction I think, for ourselves and our industry with respect to overall over limit fees.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Thank you, just to follow up on that loan growth question before. I mean, does that mean we can actually see net portfolio growth in U.S. card in 2010? And which segment is there a potential growth opportunity? Is it the prime revolver segment as you've suggested in the past. And I have one follow-up after that.
Richard Fairbank: Well, first of all, the prime revolver segment was my highlight for the one that wasn't a growth opportunity for us for many years, but let me come back to that. Again, we start with the math. We start our race well behind the starting line because we have to take all the massive charge-offs and then our little – our business of installment loans which is part of what we report to you, that sends us farther behind the starting line just with respect to growth. I think, our point is not so much about big growth from here, it is more a point of not going backwards more this year. I think most of the backward move you'll see in the first quarter. The rest of the year is for the entire reported segment is probably something more about being in balance with respect to that, but whether we move forward or little, or somewhat forward or somewhat backwards relative to that is really more of a matter of what happens at the line of scrimmage. Now, the – what opportunities there are, I think that, we still really have to watch what happens with respect to competitive pricing in the business. The part of the business that is going to see – that has to be the most sort of to reinvented for the industry, has been sort of right there square in the prime revolver space where the old business model was long 0% teaser rates and then heavy penalty repricing as a way to make the margins go around. With that basically gone, as we've always said, the key thing to look at is the go-to rates. Don't focus so much on teasers and their length and what they are. Interest rates are pretty low these days. But the go-to rates will be the key indicator. We have seen go-to rates in the last – from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year go-to rates with respect to what's in the mail, they have gone up by about 250 basis points in absolute and about 300 basis points when adjusted for the prime rate. So kind of on a net basis. So that is good progress including 100 basis points of progress just in the last quarter. So our appetite for the kind of – the right smack in the middle of the prime revolver space is going to be driven, I think, by where pricing goes, but as well as consumer demand.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Okay.
Richard Fairbank: My other point is, by the way, it's not yet at its best destination where it really needs to be in my opinion. Pricing – remember that this industry now doesn't have the repricing abilities it had before. It's got forward repricing which works on a muted and very delayed basis. The industry has to have destination pricing in its go-to rates and that's what we're going to be looking for and it is not fully there yet.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Okay. Thank you. Gary, two quick data point questions. The regulatory capital ratios you illustrate in the slides that basically doesn't include the off balance sheet loans and the denominator, right, because those can be phased in, in the third quarter, right? The second question is, can you define what normal level of marketing expenses would be – would it be something comparable to what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2010? Thank you.
Gary Perlin: Sanjay, with respect to the pro forma capital ratios again, because we followed the rules, that you'll see as of March 31, it means for the Tier 1, Tier 1 common and total risk based capital the off balance sheet assets are not yet in the denominator but the numerator has been reduced both for the allowance build and the hit to retained earnings as well as there's a deferred tax asset disallowance that's taken into account in these pro formas for the regulatory ratios, at least the Tier 1 and Tier 1 common, because that is going to – going to affect us. The denominator will grow starting in the third quarter for those ratios. Based on the phase-in, based on what the balances are at time. So, yes, you've got that right. TCE, you see that the full and final effect is already there. As far as the marketing expense, Sanjay, again, I think both Rich and I have indicated that we saw a little bit of recovery in the fourth quarter. We certainly expect that the artificially depressed or historically depressed level of 2009, are not a sustainable level of marketing spend. We're going to expect to see that grow and exactly how quickly and where we end up is going to be based on the marketing opportunities we see. But I think the direction is pretty clear.
Sanjay Sakhrani – KBW: Great. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Just two clarification question. Following up on Sanjay, I guess, if you thought about market recovering, could it go back to 2006, 2007 levels of $1.4 billion annually or something less than that because you're not going to be growing as aggressively you think the industry competition is any less? And then the second question or clarification is just if, Gary, if you could repeat what you were suggesting we might expect in terms of reserved draw-downs after you have the reserve build on January 1, with the portfolio shrinkage?
Richard Fairbank: David, with respect to the marketing levels, I mean, we're still in the middle of, in many ways, the great recession and the industry is still on its way to getting its pricing footing back with their reinvented business model. So, I think what we're talking about here is versus the real, the huge reduction we had in '07 – excuse me, in '08. Excuse me, in '09. I'll get my years right. This has been a long recession, I guess. But relative to that, I think you're going to see us move, ramp back toward, more normal levels, but, but, the industry is still got to get back into equilibrium.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: But see '08 is more normal than '06 or '07, is that the way to think of it?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. I probably just kind of leave it at this. We'll see. There's really a lot to unfold over the course of the year. We'll continue this conversation in the next few quarters.
David Hochstim – Buckingham Research: Okay.
Gary Perlin: On your allowance question, David, look, we're not, in the business of giving a lot of forward views on the allowance. But certainly it is important at this time of consolidation to remember that the, at least in the securitized credit card business, the heavily securitized credit card business, that any changes going forward in the allowance, up or down, are going to be amplified by a factor of close to 3 because everything is now on balance sheet as opposed to a third. The other thing that we have said simply because the math is pretty obvious, is that we do expect our balances to be coming down and Rich and I both indicated in which businesses those are likely to come. A lot of the balance decline is really going to come outside of the revolving credit card space. So, but with the balances coming down, that would tend to drive, allowance releases even if the outlook for credit were to remain absolutely stable. Any additional allowance release that comes from further confidence in the moderating outlook for charge-offs would obviously have the potential to drive more but in terms of the actual amount, we're just going to have to wait and see how these things play through.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go now to Brad Ball with Ladenburg.
Brad Ball – Ladenburg Thalmann: Thanks. Just to follow up on Gary's response to the allowance question. Is the impact you're talking about on the GAAP allowance because the managed allowance wouldn't be, managed provisions wouldn't be adjusted for the FAS 166, would they?
Gary Perlin: Well, Brad, first off, let's, let us celebrate that starting at the end of the first quarter, we will only have one balance sheet to report on, not two. There will be no distinction between managed and reported. Historically, we tend to talk about things like card balances, card losses, card loss rates, all on a managed basis. The allowance has only been applied to the reported balance sheet and that's why what we have always given you in terms of coverage ratios, is what is the allowance coverage ratio in the reported balance sheet, where there is a full allowance build. Going forward, there's going to be one balance sheet and again, if you go back to my slide nine, you'll see that all credit outlook changes or portfolio composition changes that drive the change in the allowance, are going to affect the entire balance sheet going forward.
Brad Ball – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Fair enough. And then just one follow-up, on the card act, any impact in the fourth quarter from early implementation, either on revenues or expenses, or can you also give us a sense as to how to frame the potential impact on revenues and expenses, once the provisions are fully implemented by February 22?
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So, there was, I mean, we had just to code, hundreds of man. It's an incredible number of man hours to code all of the changes that are going on there, so there's a fair amount of expense associated with this, but it's not something that would really move the needle of the company. The good news is that we think we're well on our way to get all of it done. It is a Herculean task just to get it all done by the February 22, deadline but, with respect to what happens once, the switch is flipped, so to speak, to us it's what we've really been talking about in this call, for Capital One, you will see a continuation of the redistribution across line items with OLs going down and, therefore, non-interest income going down and a bunch of the redistribution has already happened with respect to the net interest income line so that while there's been an unusual high net interest income, one thing moves earlier than the other. That's why we're saying the net effects by the time we're done is, we're kind of back to where we were before with the margin in the 15s. And the business pretty much same business we had before.
Brad Ball – Ladenburg Thalmann: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will go to Ken Bruce with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. I'd like to drill down on this margin issue a little bit more. Clearly it is an important factor in your earnings model and the leverage around that is pretty significant. And if I understand what you said is that you expect that the margins could drift up as much as 17% in the first quarter which is based on maybe lower fee suppression and then would ultimately end up in the mid-15s. Are you saying the credit card impact will basically reduce margins by 2%? I mean, can you decompose that for us? I know this is kicking a dead horse but it really is an important matter. And if you would also address how much of the steepness of the yield curve may be either benefiting that or baked into your forecast for the mid-15, please?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah, Ken, I'm not sure where you're getting this 17s in the first quarter. But all we said was that, like we said last quarter, we sort of set out this, essentially this thing in the 15s as sort of a destination. What we've been saying is the, changes in our view of the credit outlook kind of create bumpiness on the weight of this thing. So, but the mid-15s, it's not going to be the same every single quarter. That's kind of the destination we're talking about for the year. It's the destination I think we'll get to for most of the year and you'll find to the extent credit gets better over the course of the year somewhat. I mean you will find there will be quarters where this thing gets goosed up by a change in the credit outlook at that time. But the first quarter is on the way, net of all those effects, the first quarter is on the way to that destination, not, a trip up here, so yes.
Gary Perlin: Just on the question, Ken, as to whether or not the yield curve has any impact there, just a quick reminder that, when we report our financials by business segment, the funding costs associated with each segment are matched. So, any mismatch coming from the yield curve is actually going to be managed at the top of the house. It's managed by treasury. And it will show up, either in the other category or it will be credited to the bank in return for the deposit funding. So the net-net of all of that, is that the yield curve whichever way it moves, does not have an effect on the reported revenue margin in the card segment.
Kenneth Bruce – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And maybe a follow-up to that is, your strategy to manage interest rate risk within the credit card business similar to the way you've managed it historically?
Gary Perlin: Well, two things there, Ken. I mean, first of all remember, not for interest rate reasons, but to reposition our business for the new world, the card law, most of our cards, accounts now have been moved to floating rates simply because with the inability to reprice, you've got to do that. But in terms of the overall attitude and risk profile up towards interest rates, again, all interest rate risk is managed at the top of the house. We've always had a, what I would consider to be a relatively low risk appetite for interest rate risk on our balance sheet it remains that way and quite frankly, we're having been somewhat liability-sensitive over much of the second half of 2009. We, like I suspect many others are quickly moving, if we're not already at kind of a neutral interest rate position.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go now to Joe Mack with Meredith Whitney Advisory Group.
Joe Mack – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Hi guys, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. In previous quarters you have given some guidance regarding your thought process in terms of unemployment and housing prices. I was just wondering if that had changed from last quarter, or if you could just remind us what your views on those topics were?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. We ourselves are assuming that unemployment peaks in the high tens and that home prices fall another 10 percentage points off their peak which is 14% from today's level. Those just happen to be the assumptions in our outlook. More importantly, just the way we feel about the business is that, it is kind of the good new, bad news and the most important credit takeaway we want to say is the good news is, in certainly in all consumer businesses probably with the exception of mortgage. That you can reach out and just about touch effectively the peak that is there. And we have been waiting for this for a long time and we have been declaring for some time now that there are indicators that this thing is coming and we feel absolutely consistent with respect to that point. The bad news in a sense or the other point we want to make is, do not confuse that with a lot of evidence out there that there is a big turnaround coming from here. Certainly the economy if anything, the metrics have disappointed us over time and in many ways we keep revising upward our economic out, worsening our economic outlook. Interestingly, probably, over the course of most of this year our own credit metrics have actually outperformed in a good way to sort of offset these effects and we sort of in fact if you looked back to a year ago we said losses would end up to be almost exactly what – how they finally have. So I think we see actually in this phase of the cycle a little bit of reduction in the impact on credit metrics of things like the unemployment, just a little bit, which in a sense has just served to allow this settling out to happen even though unemployment still is getting worse. We're probably seeing the early stages of what we've seen in past recessions I think back to the one in the early '90s as we lived through that credit metrics tend to level out somewhat before the final stubborn economic metrics of which the ultimate probably stubborn one is that unemployment rate.
Joe Mack – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Great. Thanks. That's very helpful. Have a great night.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Joe.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Joe. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go now to John Stilmar with SunTrust.
John Stilmar – SunTrust: Good evening. Thank you for taking my questions. To start off, Rich, you built a tremendously successful business throughout the years. In start on the prime business as positive selection was really the marketing advantage that led to pretty strong risk adjusted returns as well as in your sub-prime business a well managed business that didn't take advantage of some of the things that are now prohibited in the card act. How do you look going forward? I think it's almost a little paradoxical, it seems Capital One has been early at least in terms of repricing its customers. Now, you see in a couple months most people have repriced on the prime side. How have you seen the competitive landscape and the ingredients that make Capital One great? We talk about front end repricing but a lot of that was the discovery of positive selection. How does that then now set Capital One up for the next leg of this credit card market? Because it seems like those dynamics may not be playing out as they did earlier in the birth of Capital One?
Richard Fairbank: So, John, there is a lot of things to say about that. I mean, when we look back to the good old days there were certainly a few great things about the '90s that we don't have anymore. The top of my list would be the tremendous growth of the industry and we all had wind at our back as we were doing that. We were living through what would turn out to be the most protracted positive economic period, that was a great thing. And also the major players were a lot of the business net-net was coming away from regional banks. It was really the nationalization of the credit card business and therefore all of us national players. We're taking share from the regional banks and along the way some of the innovations led to positive selections. So a lot of those things are there for the history books but they're not really what kind of is -- what is in front of us. But on the other hand, the really tough chapter, which is the second chapter of the card industry, at least in my 20-some years of managing this, is this really tough chapter of the last decade, which has been characterized by aggressive industry practices that I think kind of undercut the business model of what a company like Capital One had built and created something that was very threatening to a franchise and caused us to walk away from whole parts of the business. So I would characterize the next-generation of the card business or sort of the third chapter of the card industry, is going to be it's a very level playing field. It will be a return to up-front underwriting. And I don't think it's a matter of whether there is positive or negative selection. Every interaction with everyday in the marketplace has, you can always find positive and negative selections. So I think the opportunities will be there. There will be way more premium on really rigorous information based decision making than there has been in the last 10 years, I think. And I think that that with the bad practices both from a customer point of view and from a credit point of view, having been purged from the system, this is going to be a level playing field where I think appropriately conservative issuers will have growth opportunities that won't remind you of the '90s, but that I think will make, for those that do it well make returns very consistent with some of the best periods that we've had pound per pound.
John Stilmar – SunTrust: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up question. In the auto business in the fourth quarter on the dollar business, it seemed like the dollar declined and your monthly data were a little bit more than they even were last time, this time last year. Can you talk about where you see the auto finance business that has always been a source of strength and then briefly also touch on some of the change we saw in international this quarter and how we should think about that kind of as in the quarters ahead.
Richard Fairbank: Yes. So certainly, the auto business from a credit point of view has certainly performed very well and over the course of the year better than expectation consistent with some of my earlier comments. One thing I do want to point out about the auto business is that it shouldn't necessarily surprise us that it starts performing better with respect to credit because the life of the assets is shorter. So in auto, because of the essentially two to two and a half year average life of an auto loan, now that we're a couple of years into this mess, most of our portfolio has been originated with our eyes wide open with respect to the mess than the economy is in and therefore it's very conservatively underwritten and so on and it is performing extremely well and a lot of that is the math of portfolio mix as well as I think just generally some of the unique dynamics of how consumers are paying their auto loans. So, going forward, we downsized that business so the tail doesn't wag the dog of Capital One, which it almost started to do at some point, but I think we see that as a really good opportunity for Capital One going forward. The international business, we're in the UK and Canada with respect to credit cards. Let me start with Canada. That's a bit of an easier story. Canada has been really quite a successful business and the Canadian economy hasn't suffered as much. So generally that business has gone well. We're just still hunkered down a bit weathering their smaller storm up there. In the UK, it has been the hardest. It's been kind of a perfect storm combination of tough economic environment and some pretty severe regulatory and legislative kind of changes in that environment and so we've gotten hit more badly there. We have hunkered down and you notice from the numbers although you can't see them by country, that business has gone from bleeding pretty substantially to actually really turning the corner and while it's not ringing up some great returns it's really stabilized and we feel a lot better about it.
Jeff Norris: And I think we have time for one more.
Operator: And we will go to Matt O'Neil [ph] with CLFA.
Matt O'Neil – CLFA: I don't think so. All of my questions have been answered.
Jeff Norris: Okay. Thanks, Matt and thanks everybody for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. As always, the Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any questions that you may have. Thanks and have a great night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – IR Richard Fairbank – President & CEO Gary Perlin – CFO
Analysts: Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company David Hoxton – Buckingham Research  Mike Taiano – Sandler O’Neill & Partners Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co.  Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Aaron [Stackonovich] – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.  Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets  Donald Fandetti – Citi Investment Research  Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co. 
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris:  Thank you. Welcome everybody to Capital One’s third quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. You can access the call on the Internet by logging onto Capital One’s website at www.capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2009 results.  With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Richard and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section entitled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our Annual and Quarterly reports which are accessible at the Capital one website and filed with the SEC.   Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. Gary? 
Gary Perlin :  Thanks Jeff and good afternoon to everyone listening to the call. In the third quarter Capital One earned $426 million or $0.94 per share. Earnings per share improved 77% from the linked quarter excluding the second quarter costs of repaying the government’s preferred share investment.  The improved bottom line performance was largely driven by three factors that boosted revenue by $482 million or 12% quarter-over-quarter. First, higher yield more than offset balances in our domestic card business and drove approximately $180 million of the revenue increase. Second, better performance in our credit card trusts and market conditions in general led to a $150 million sequential improvement in the valuation adjustment to our retained securitization interests. Next, we opportunistically reallocated portions of our investment portfolio to lower risk, more capital efficient securities while recognizing $150 million of gains in the process, about $100 million more than last quarter.  In addition to increased revenue the bottom line benefited from a 6% sequential decline in noninterest expenses driven mostly by not having an FDIC special assessment in the quarter as well as modestly lower marketing and restructuring expenses. While pre-provision earnings were up $600 million this was partially offset by a $296 million increase in our provision expense quarter-over-quarter.  Net charge offs were up modestly as expected but the primary sequential change was a shift from an allowance release in the second quarter to a small build in the third. The modest allowance build was the result of a material increase in our commercial banking allowance mostly offset by releases in both our credit card and consumer banking allowances. More on the allowance in a moment.  Our tax rate fell to 25% in the quarter as we released some of our tax reserves in recognition of a favorable court ruling for the treatment and the timing of interchange income. All told the $1.03 of continuing operations earnings per share in the quarter was flat to the year-ago quarter despite the significant challenges we all faced over the past 12 months.  The $44 million after-tax loss in discontinued operations includes $83 million in expenses related to repurchase obligations under reps and warranties made principally by Green Point in connection with its mortgage sales before it ceased originations in 2007.  As we turn to slide four I will describe our economic outlook and our allowance associated with continuing operations. Unemployment and home prices have been and continue to be the economic variable with the greatest impact on our results. We still expect the unemployment rate to hit the low 10% range in the first quarter of 2010 and now believe it is likely to remain stubbornly high. To date the Case Schiller Housing Price Index has declined by about 31% from its peak. Despite a couple of months of promising news we continue to assume home prices will fall by about 42% since the trough.  Our overall allowance rose by $31 million as a result of larger, mostly offsetting allowance changes across our businesses. First, our credit card business had a $78 million release in allowance more than entirely driven by the $2.1 billion decrease in reported card loan balances. Consistent with our cautious economic outlook our coverage ratio of allowance to reported card loans rose to 10% in the quarter. The slight decrease in allowance to delinquencies was caused both by the increases in delinquencies off second quarter’s seasonal lows as well as a change in the delinquency mix as early stage delinquencies rose during the quarter and caused overall levels to rise while late-stage delinquencies that typically require higher allowance coverage ratios have improved.  In the consumer banking segment the better than expected credit performance of the auto finance business and modest loan shrinkage in the quarter led to a $190 million release in our allowance for that business. This was partially offset by a $66 million build associated with the other consumer banking businesses so the segment overall had a modest decline in allowance coverage of delinquencies.  Finally, degradation of collateral values especially in the construction portfolio and the impact of rising charge offs caused us to build the commercial banking allowance by $256 million in the quarter. The coverage ratio of allowance to loans rose over 60% or 90 basis points to 2.3% while the coverage of allowance to NPLs now stands at 85%.  Excluding the run off small ticket CRE portfolio the allowance coverage to NPLs in this segment is 108%. Rich will discuss credit trends in the commercial banking segment in greater detail in a few minutes. It is also important to note that none of these coverage ratios factored in the assets that were acquired in March as part of the Chevy Chase bank acquisition. Those assets continued to perform in line with our expectations at the time of the mark and therefore did not impact our allowance in this quarter.  Overall the $31 million build of the allowance coupled with the shrinkage of our balance sheet led to a 24 basis point increase in our overall coverage ratio and positions our balance sheet to absorb high levels of losses in the quarters ahead.  Turning to slide five I will discuss the balance sheet. Average managed earning assets decreased by $6 billion in the quarter as we had varying degrees of shrinkage in each of our businesses. Our domestic card portfolio was down about $2.6 billion driven by elevated charge offs, lower loan demand in revolving card businesses and the continued run off of our installment loan portfolio.  The 4% shrinkage in our consumer bank loans was a result of the decline in the size of our mortgage portfolio and lower outstanding in the repositioned auto business. Despite the decline in the percentage of the typically higher returning domestic card assets, weighted average yield of assets improved 73 basis points in the quarter. I will discuss this in more detail when I talk about margins in a moment.  Average liabilities declined $5 billion in line with the decrease in average earning assets. While our funding mix was stable and our managed loan to deposit ratio decreased slightly to 1.23, we continued to trend towards lower cost retail deposits as we let higher cost brokerage and retail CD’s run off. By replacing the run off of higher priced time deposits and securitization liabilities with lower cost liquid and time deposits as well as benefiting from lower overall interest rates our cost of interest bearing liabilities declined 12 basis points to 2.28%. These funding cost improvements helped improve margins which I will now discuss on slide six.  For the second straight quarter we saw significant improvement in both our net interest and revenue margins. The NIM improved by 84 basis points, about half of which was driven by an increase in card yields and lower finance charge reversals. The remainder of the NIM improvement was driven by the lower funding costs I just described, a purchase accounting impact associated with the Chevy Chase bank acquisition and asset yield improvements in both auto and small business.  In addition to the drivers of NIM improvement the revenue margin benefited from a $150 million sequential increase in the valuation adjustment to our retained securitization interests as well as the $100 million increase in the gain from the sale of securities in our investment portfolio.  Turning to the efficiency ratio we remain committed to disciplined cost management with expanded margins and a $120 million decline in noninterest expenses, the efficiency ratio dropped nearly 7 percentage points in the quarter to 38.4%. However, it is important to note that this percentage will almost certainly increase in the fourth quarter as expected year-end increases in operating expenses, costs associated with the implementation of the card law and increased marketing will affect non-interest expense.  It is also likely some of the revenue benefits we saw this quarter will not recur and as a result the denominator in our operating efficiency ratio will decrease. I will discuss the investment portfolio briefly on slide seven. As I have been saying throughout this part of the economic cycle our investment portfolio is a source of tremendous liquidity strength and balance sheet flexibility and those characteristics were once again clearly evidenced in the quarter. While the size of the investment portfolio was essentially flat in the linked quarter there were some material changes for our allocation of securities.  Early in the quarter we took advantage of market movements to swap out of some Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities into capital efficient, zero risk weighted Ginny Mae’s. We also took advantage of improved market pricing to exit our CMBS holdings and decrease our position in non-agency MBS in the quarter. While these moves contributed a 13 basis point decline in portfolio yield to 4.27% they also provided a $150 million gain in the quarter and reduced the capital required to support this portfolio.  In addition to the recognized gains we also had a $642 million improvement in the value of the portfolio which now stands at a $343 million gain position. We continue to position the investment portfolio to maximize both liquidity strength and balance sheet flexibility by investing in highly liquid, low-risk securities that will enable us to quickly reallocate space on the balance sheet to higher returning assets as lending opportunities arise.  Speaking of balance sheet strength I will discuss capital on slide eight. Solid earnings, strong appreciation in our investment portfolio and a decline in ending loan balances led to a 52 basis point improvement this quarter in our ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets. Our TCE ratio now stands at 6.2%. This is the first time since the third quarter of 2008 that our TCE ratio is above 6%. I needn’t remind any of you that was before the worst of the financial crisis. Unemployment was at 6.2%. Our allowance balance was some $1 billion less than it is today and before our purchase of Chevy Chase bank.  The increase in common equity along with the proceeds of a $1 billion trust preferred issue early in the quarter also drove a significant improvement to our Tier I ratio which increased 210 basis points to 11.8%. Our Tier I ratio is now higher than it was before we repaid TARP in full in the second quarter of this year and our Tier I common ratio is now 9.7%.  The composition of reported capital and reserves will of course likely change considerably when FAS 166 and 167 are implemented. Although consolidation of many securitized assets and liabilities is scheduled to take place in the first quarter of 2010 it is still too early for anyone to know exactly how this accounting change will be reflected in their financial statements. For example there is still some uncertainty in the industry about precisely which assets and liabilities will need to be consolidated. The impact on regulatory ratios cannot be known until federal rule making is finalized some time later in the fourth quarter.  In light of the intense focus we are all giving to this accounting event, I would like to spend a moment describing how we are evaluating the consolidation process and how it might be reflected in our financial statements. Although changes in accounting standards do not change our overall capacity to absorb risk, they can represent a significant shift in our reported balance sheet. At this point we are still assessing the options included in FAS 167 for electing either a book value or fair value approach to consolidating securitized assets and liabilities.  We are confident that our capital positions us well to make this important accounting election solely on the basis of what best reflects the economics of our business. While accounting standard setters are debating a move towards fair value at some point in the future, most of our balance sheet like that of the majority of banks is currently accounted for on a book value basis. So assuming we apply a book value approach to consolidation then the biggest impact would be an increase to our allowance with a corresponding reduction in retained earnings.  Taking the conservative assumption that the allowance for expected losses on securitized and non-securitized loans would be the same and rolling forward our current balance sheet trends to the first quarter of 2010 we would expect our TCE ratio would remain above 5% and would likely grow thereafter.  Of course any reduction in TCE arising from consolidation would at least be matched by the size of the allowance build. Or, taking into account tax effect the allowance build could be even greater than the reduction in capital. On the other hand, if we were to elect a fair value option provided for in the new accounting standard our allowance would not change as a result of consolidation. The impact to capital would depend on the market value of the liabilities at the time of the consolidation as well as the present value of assumed losses and relative revenues expected over the life of the receivables. Even though a fair value election would likely have a less negative impact on fair value than TCE than book value consolidation it would not have a corresponding impact on allowance because the assumed losses would then be incorporated into the fair value mark.  I know that many of you, like we, would prefer to know today how all of this will play out over the next couple of months but there are simply too many variables to predict the exact results. In any event we remain highly confident in the overall risk varying capacity of our balance sheet and our ability to navigate the coming consolidation or any other changes in accounting standards now or in the future.  Before I hand the call over to Rich to discuss the performance of our businesses on slide nine let me just remind everybody about our segment reporting realignment that was described in an 8-K filed last Friday.  We believe these changes in segment reporting better reflect the manner in which the performance of the company’s operations is evaluated, enhance visibility into the performance of our key businesses and provide investors with greater comparability to peer bank reporting. Rest assured however, we will continue to provide the same monthly credit disclosures for the company’s lending businesses.  With that I will pass the call over to Rich. 
Richard Fairbank :  Thanks Gary. Our credit card business posted net income of $292 million in the third quarter. Improving revenue margin and revenues in our domestic credit card business drove the improved profitability. The commercial banking business had a net loss of $130 million entirely driven by higher provision expense which resulted from a significant allowance build in anticipation of future credit losses.  Pre-provision earnings in commercial banking increased by about $6 million as revenue improvements outpaced the increase in noninterest expense. Consumer banking rose to about $105 million for the quarter. The largest contribution came from auto finance profits which were helped by an allowance relief that resulted from credit trends that continued to outperform our expectations and from declining loan balances. I will discuss the results and key performance trends for our new reporting segments beginning with our credit card business on slide 10.  The results of our credit card reporting segment are driven by the domestic credit card business. Ending loans in our domestic card business declined by about $3 billion. The continuing run off of nationally originated installment loans drove about 40% of the decline although installment loans comprised just 13% of the domestic card loan balances. Our domestic card business includes about $8.1 billion in installment loans down from about 9.3% billion at the end of the second quarter.  We essentially stopped originating installment loans late last year so the portfolio will continue to shrink as outstanding loans amortize. We may see an inflection point and opportunity to increase originations in part of domestic cards sometime in the next few quarters but we expect that domestic card loan balances will continue to decline in the fourth quarter and into 2010. We expect that weak demand from credit worthy borrowers, continuing caution in underwriting, elevated charge offs and the runoff of the installment loan portfolio will more than offset new originations.  Revenue margin in the domestic card business improved to about 16.8%. Better revenue margin drove an increase in revenue dollars despite declining loan balances. Net interest income improved as a result of revenue enhancement actions we took earlier in the year and fewer finance charge reversals. Non-interest income benefited from fewer fee reversals. We expect domestic card revenue margin will remain above 16% in the fourth quarter. In 2010 we expect quarterly revenue margins to moderate modestly but remain close to its fourth quarter 2009 levels.  Slide 11 shows credit results of the domestic and international card businesses. Domestic card charge off rate for the third quarter increased 9.6% as a result of several offsetting factors. Three quantifiable factors drove about 140 basis points of charge off rate increase in the third quarter. These factors include declining denominator, the implementation of OCC minimum payment policies and the absence of the one-time second quarter benefit from a change in bankruptcy processes.  Favorable seasonal trends especially in the first two months of the quarter have driven an offsetting 75 basis points of charge off rate improvement in the quarter. The net result of combining all of these quantifiable factors in an estimated third quarter charge off rate increase of about 65 basis points but the actual increase was only 41 basis points. This difference suggests that the underlying charge off rate actually improved by about 24 basis points in the quarter.  The domestic card delinquency rate increased 61 basis points to 5.4% at the end of the quarter. Some of this increase was seasonal. The second quarter is the seasonal low point for card delinquencies coming off the tax refund season while the third quarter is a seasonal high point. In addition we are seeing some impact from pricing actions we took earlier in the year. Based on past experience we expect this delinquency increase to be temporary although we do expect it to lead to higher charge offs early next year.  We continue to analyze test cell data to refine and update our estimated impact of implementing OCC minimum payment policies in our domestic card business. We expect the OCC minimum payment impact to drive around 20 basis points of charge off rate in the fourth quarter and into 2010. This is down from the estimated 80 basis point impact this quarter so the fourth quarter charge off rate is expected to benefit by approximately 60 basis points as the OCC minimum payment impact abates.  Overall we expect further increases in the domestic card charge off rate throughout 2009. The economy continues to weaken and we expect the usual fourth quarter seasonal headwinds we believe we will reach the peak of charge off dollars in the next couple of quarters although declining loan balances are likely to drive rising charge off rates for a bit longer. To be clear, nearing a peak does not necessarily mean we are nearing the beginning of a robust recovery. As Gary discussed we expect the unemployment rate and therefore domestic card charge off dollars are likely to remain stubbornly high throughout 2010.  The international card business posted net income of $2 million in the third quarter. Profits declined from the second quarter as higher provision expense more than offset revenue gains. Elevated charge offs and delinquencies in the international business reflect continuing economic deterioration in the U.K. and Canada. We have been re-trenching the U.K. business for some time now and we have been cautious in Canada in anticipation of the credit worsening that began in the first half of 2009.  Despite the significantly elevated level of charge offs our credit card business is demonstrating its resilience by delivering industry leading profitability through this cycle. As we discussed last quarter we continue to believe we are well positioned for life after the implementation of the new card act and that our revenue model will remain largely intact. Managing our business to both weather the recession and respond to the coming changes in the credit card industry creates risks and potential profitability pressure in the short-term but in the long-term we believe the new law and the marketing competitive environment it will create could open up opportunities and be a net benefit for Capital One.  Slide 12 shows commercial banking loan and deposit trends. Average loans declined to $30 billion. Modest declines in commercial real estate as well as middle market were partly offset by modest growth in specialty lending. The expected run off of small ticket commercial real estate loans, a business we exited some time ago, also contributed to the decline in commercial banking loans. Average deposits grew 4% to $17.8 billion. Deposit interest expense rate was stable at about 75 basis points.  Deposit growth with disciplined pricing and modest improvement in loan yields contributed to revenue growth. Slide 13 shows commercial banking credit trends. While solid revenue and non-interest expense trends drove an increase in pre-provision, pre-tax earnings commercial banking posted a net loss for the quarter due to an increase in provision expense. Provision expense increased more than $250 million largely as a result of a large allowance build in anticipation of future credit losses.  The two most important drivers of the allowance build were the significant decline in collateral values particularly in our construction portfolio and recognizing the effects of higher charge offs. Charge off rate for the commercial banking segment increased by 53 basis points to 1.42%. Excluding the runoff portfolio of small ticket commercial real estate loans the charge off rate in our continuing commercial lending businesses increased a more modest 28 basis points to 1.08%.  Nonperforming asset rates increased 37 basis points to 2.83%. Rising nonperformers and charge offs in the CRE portfolio drove the third quarter deterioration in our core commercial lending businesses. Credit performance in the middle market portfolio was relatively stable. Construction loans continue to be the main driver of CRE nonperformers. Although construction loans only comprised about 18% or about $2.5 billion of the commercial real estate portfolio almost three quarters of the nonperforming loan balances are construction related.  In the third quarter we also began to experience an increase in nonperformers in office and retail loans. The nonperformers have been project and sponsor specific situations and it is too early to determine if a trend is emerging. Declining assets values were an important driver of higher charge offs in the quarter. Commercial real estate values declined broadly during the quarter but the most dramatic declines occurred in construction properties. We expect continuing declines in commercial real estate values.  We believe the continuing recession will drive further increases in nonperformers and charge offs across our commercial banking business. Compared to most large banks commercial loans are a much smaller percentage of our total company managed loans and we also believe that our commercial banking loan portfolio is well positioned to weather the recession. We have a favorable loan mix with a relatively small exposure to construction lending. Since credit deterioration is most pronounced in construction lending our relatively small exposure to construction is a key reason the absolute level of our CRE charge off rate is lower than many other banks.  We also have a relatively large exposure to New York City multi-family. Because of rent controls and supply limitations our New York City multi-family portfolio has been relatively resistant to recession. We have disciplined lending standards and we underwrite to in place cash flows and rent. We follow a relationship oriented approach that focuses on borrowers with whom we have had long experience and deep relationships.  You can see loan and deposit trends for the consumer banking business on slide 14. Average loans declined about $1.7 billion. Auto finance loans declined as a result of our earlier efforts to retrench and reposition the auto finance business. Mortgage loans fell as we continued to experience expected runoff. Loan yields improved 98 basis points to 9.5% driven by improving margins in auto finance and purchase accounting adjustments on the mortgage portfolio.  Average deposits declined about $1 billion. We continued our strategy of optimizing deposit mix to focus on deposit customers that drive the best long-term profitability. Improved deposit mix and favorable interest rates drove an 18 basis point improvement in deposit interest expense in the third quarter. In the third quarter consumer banking revenues increased $56 million with revenue improvements across the consumer banking business.  Provision expense declined $46 million driven by an allowance release in the auto finance business. Non-interest expense declined $43 million as a result of improvements in retail banking operating expense. Note that non-interest expenses in the consumer banking segment include about $46 million of CBI amortization.  Slide 15 shows credit results for mortgage and auto, the two largest components of the consumer banking loan portfolio. Consumer banking includes our $16 billion portfolio of mortgages and home equity loans net of the credit mark on the acquired Chevy Chase mortgages. About $7 billion or 44% of the portfolio are Chevy Chase loans including about $4 billion of broker originated option ARMs. The Chevy Chase portfolio is inherently riskier than our legacy mortgage portfolio.  The substantial credit mark we established on acquisition insulates us from most of the credit risk of the Chevy Chase portfolio. There is some risk we will have to increase the mark or add an allowance of actual credit trends exceed the assumptions we made in establishing the mark but so far performance is within our expectations and we remain comfortable with the mark. The remaining $9 billion or 56% of the mortgage portfolio consists of well seasoned, high FICO low LTV mortgages that were originated for North Fork by Green Point as well as branch originated home equity loans mostly in Louisiana. Credit results for this part of the portfolio remain in line with our expectations and with industry credit trends for similar high quality portfolios.  Delinquency and charge offs for this part of the portfolio continue to degrade along with the industry. Our current priority for the mortgage portfolio is aggressively managing defaults. We also are building infrastructure and developing strategies in anticipation of opportunities to grow input mortgage originations as the mortgage market shakes out and the economic cycle turns.  I should also note that the mortgage portfolio in the consumer banking segment does not include the remaining $517 million of Green Point originated Alt-A HELOCs which are held in the other category. These loans were originated for sale but Green Point was unable to sell them and we shut down Green Point originations in 2007. They continue to perform very poorly as they run off and we have allowed for them accordingly. As Gary mentioned earlier we added to our warranty reserve in the third quarter as a result of ongoing repurchase risk with respect to Green Point mortgage loan sales.  Capital One Auto Finance contributed the largest share of profitability to the new consumer banking segment. Our auto finance business delivered another strong quarter of profitability despite continuing economic headwinds. Profits in the quarter were aided by an allowance release that resulted from declines in loan balances as we continued to reposition and re-trench the business as well as continued favorability of credit trends versus our expectations.  Our 2008 and 2009 origination vintages are delivering strong results. We have been able to originate loans with lower LTVs to customers with higher FICO scores. At the same time we have been able to improve pricing and margins in the current competitive environment. As a result we expect the 2008 and 2009 originations will yield above hurdle risk adjusted returns and their performance to date is tracking at or above our expectations.  Auto finance charge off rate increased 73 basis points in the quarter to 4.38%. The increase resulted from expected seasonal patterns and the impact of the decline in the denominator. These factors were partially offset by continuing strength in used car prices and recovery values and by the continuing success of our investments in auto finance collections and recoveries. Auto finance delinquency rate increased 63 basis points from the sequential quarter following the expected seasonal patterns. We expect auto finance charge offs and delinquencies to increase in the fourth quarter of 2009 in line with expected seasonal patterns. Also we have observed a decline in used vehicle prices in the last few weeks so there is growing uncertainty about the sustainability of favorable used vehicle prices.  Tolling up, we have worked for years to position our company to be resilient and we are demonstrating that resilience through the most challenging economic cycle we have seen in generations. We delivered solid pre-provision, pre-tax earnings throughout the recession. We passed the government stress test and we were among the earliest to be able to repay TARP. In the third quarter we delivered solid growth in both revenues and bottom line profits despite increasing provision expense. We also built additional balance sheet strength, allowance as a percentage of reported loans increased and our TCE and Tier I capital ratios continued to improve.  While third quarter results were strong we expect that loan balances will continue to decline in the fourth quarter and into 2010. Thus far the revenue pressure from declining loans has been partially offset by increasing revenue margins and allowance releases have helped to mute the bottom line impact of declining loan balances. Going forward we do not expect continuing revenue margin expansion.  We are weathering the storm but the storm is not over and we continue to face several significant risks. While the pace of deterioration appears to have slowed, labor markets have yet to actually improve. In past downturns unemployment has often recovered quickly after the peak but in this recession there are several reasons why the recovery in the job market may be slower and more prolonged. Looking beyond unemployment rates the reduction in hours worked creates even more slack in the labor market than is apparent in the unemployment rates.  The average time to find a new job is at an all time high, a sign that the job market is more frozen than in past recessions. Because this recession is so geographically broad workers are less able to find new jobs by moving and the housing prices further reduce mobility as many workers cannot sell their current houses in order to relocate.  Similar to the labor markets the housing sector remains severely dislocated despite some signs of stabilizing home prices. There is a growing backlog of foreclosures and inventories of homes in foreclosure or with severely delinquent mortgages are increasing. This is likely to put downward pressure on home prices as the foreclosure inventory hits the market. Continued weakness in housing puts pressure on the broader economy and makes any emerging recovery fragile.  For our retained mortgage portfolios continued housing weakness drives higher credit losses and adds to the risk that we may need to increase our credit mark. Even as things eventually cure we will continue to face for some time the risk of additional repurchase requests for alleged rep and warranty breaches on Green Point and Chevy Chase Bank mortgage loans that were originated and sold years ago.  Some of the apparent improvements in the economy may not be sustainable as government stimulus programs such as Cash for Clunkers, the first time homebuyers tax credit and other direct cash payments to consumers may have only fleeting effects. Legislative and regulatory uncertainty remains high with Congress continuing to debate bank regulatory reforms and specific limitations on traditional bank products.  The current debate includes the possibility of accelerating the effective date of the Card Act, limiting interchange fees on credit and debit cards and regulating overdraft fees on checking accounts. There are large numbers of new regulations that need to be developed and adopted in 2010 to implement the laws recently enacted by Congress and we won’t even know what agency or agencies will be developing the regulations until Congress finishes its work on regulatory reform.  Because the storm is still with us and we continue to face these risks we continue to make the tough decisions and take actions that we believe will put us in the best possible position to manage the company through the downturn to the benefit of shareholders. We have tightened underwriting standards across the board. We have exited the least resilient businesses like national lending installment loans and small ticket commercial real estate.  Even as we have invested in increased collections intensity we have made great progress on our efforts to reduce our cost structure and improve operating efficiency to enhance our long-term competitive position and build resilience to rising credit costs. Our strong and transparent balance sheet remains a source of strength in these turbulent times. Allowance coverage ratios remain high. Funding and liquidity remain rock solid and TCE ratio at the end of the third quarter was 6.2% its strongest level since the third quarter of 2008.  The strength of our balance sheet is not just about weathering the storm. We also expect our balance sheet to generate shareholder value as we emerge from the storm. Our balance sheet can contribute to higher margins over time as capital markets funding and wholesale deposits mature and we replace them with lower cost commercial and consumer banking deposits and as opportunities for profitable and resilient loan growth emerge we expect that we will be able to grow loans by rotating our earnings assets from investment securities back into new loan growth. As a result of our actions we believe we remain well positioned to weather the storm and deliver shareholder value over the cycle.  Now Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff?
Jeff Norris :  Thanks Rich. We will now start our Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. We had some feedback from all of you after last quarter’s call that while many of you really appreciate Rich and Gary’s willingness to spend so much time answering your questions the call was a bit long. Tonight we are going to take as many questions as we can up until about 6:30 p.m. If you have follow-up questions after that the investor relations staff will be here after the call to answer them. Operator, let’s start the Q&A session. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from the line of Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan.
Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan: One quick question on the observable performance impact you have had so far across the increasing rates in credit cards. For those customers that have had a significant rate increase that have existing balances can you give us any kind of early feedback on what the credit performance has been like there and if you have seen a lot of fallout or not? 
Richard Fairbank :  What we look for on any of these things is we look at affect on attrition and we look at credit. Of course there is a slight interaction between those. The attrition rates have been actually so far a little less than expected. It is certainly very manageable. We believe there is like you have probably seen in prior revenue change impact there is a small effect we believe is making its way through our delinquency buckets. That is what contributed to the 30 to 59 bucket being higher than you would have expected it to be over the last couple of months. We believe that will make its way, while it is moderating a little bit as it makes its way through charge off, there will be a charge off effect that will happen from that but over a period of a few months we believe that effect based on years and years of experience will sort of resolve itself. All in all it has been a really modest impact on the externality from this decision.  
Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan: Just looking at the auto business and your comments around there, obviously there has been some solid up [turn] to release that level of reserves. Margins have expanded. LTV’s have gone down and the quality of the borrower is better. Do you see the opportunity to grow that business now or is it still very much in a kind of contract and defend type position? 
Richard Fairbank :  No. In fact despite all my use of the C word of contracting I actually want to say for some time now we have been pretty stable in originations at about $1.5 billion per quarter. So what is contracting is the underlying portfolio and that will continue to contract for an extended period of time. I think the thing to focus on is the originations and because we have been on the one hand so concerned about the economy and everything and all the amazing developments occurring in the auto market but on the other hand so impressed with the performance of our originations in the business we have kind of been steady at about $1.5 billion. I think from here I think we might modestly grow that from here. One thing I want to caution is part of the reason we were able to generate the success we have in the auto business is we very carefully chose which dealers and to certain underwriting standards that we would do this.  We don’t want to turn around and undo what got us here but we think the auto business is a fairly healthy business and from a lending point of view industry right now. I think you will see some cautious growth from Capital One in originations but it is still going to be within the context of something pretty modest. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I had a question on the revenue margins in the U.S. card business. I think in the last quarter call you had guided to above 15% in the last two quarters and below 15% for the year. The performance this quarter and the new guidance it looks like you have done a little better than that or quite a bit better than that. I was wondering what drove that change over three months since we last talked on revenue margins and also looking at the suppression number this quarter it fell sequentially despite a pretty significant increase in delinquency. Does that reflect some confidence the credit might be getting a little better? Some of your comments about the legacy increase you saw in the third quarter just being related to some pricing activity can you just give me a little color on what is going on in the U.S. card business? 
Richard Fairbank :  Our revenue margin in the third quarter came out a little higher than probably our own expectations. I think probably the driver of that was actually what happened on the finance charge side with respect to reversals so kind of positive developments on the credit side made its way into the finance charge reversals which actually flow through the revenue line. So as you look at it envision that the underlying revenue measures we took in the business are going exactly as expected. We had that extra overlay.  With respect to delinquencies, let me just make some comments about credit card performance. It has tended to a little bit outperform our expectations now for probably the last 5-6 months. Here is where it has been performing particularly well relative to our expectations on the recovery side. We have actually seen some improvement in recent months, slight improvement in recent months in recoveries. Bankruptcies have been stable. The of course have just been up, up and away for a long period of time so that has been good. The other striking thing is some improvement in late stage flow rates which again we have not seen. We have mostly been dealing with the reverse of that for a long, long time during this downturn. Those have been a real positive.  The only thing on the other side of the argument is the bit of a bubble in the second bucket and into third bucket delinquency. There are multiple causes of that. Seasonality you would actually expect that anyway. We actually made a change in our collections practices after a lot of testing we kind of shifted where we put the intensity with respect to which delinquency stage gets a certain amount of intensity in terms of collectors and everything. We have actually found there was more leverage to kind of back load a little bit of the intensity. That actually causes an increase in early stage delinquencies that is a slight permanent effect but it doesn’t actually. We believe there is a net positive on charge offs there. Then the other thing is of course the impact of the revenue actions that we took and that one while we can all have our beliefs about that impact we all want to keep an eye on it just to be sure that thing washes through the delinquency buckets. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I think also previously you had talked about the Card Act and the new brown out in the second quarter when it went into effect. It seems from your guidance tonight that you are feeling a little more confident about your ability to weather the new rules. Can you give me any sense of if that is true and what changed? 
Richard Fairbank :  The more we have really gotten our head around the Card Act and what are its many, many impacts on how the business works and on us I think we are increasingly bullish you are not going to see a big, striking effect once the Card Act goes into effect. I think that we believe the revenue margin that the kind of fourth quarter revenue margin you are going to see is pretty typical for what we would expect in the card business for next year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of David Hoxton – Buckingham Research. 
David Hoxton – Buckingham Research : Sort of following up on that basically you are saying from where we are today to next year with the opt in requirement on over limit fees we are just not going to see much effect on the income statement? 
Richard Fairbank :  Yes. I mean there are a series of offsetting factors but yes basically there would be more or less we think the revenue margin that you are going to see probably next quarter which will be pretty representative of the margin for next year. 
David Hoxton – Buckingham Research : Can you or Gary just clarify what the tax rate was on the gain from the revaluation and how much of the purchase accounting adjustment impacted the margin? 
Gary Perlin :  There are a variety of items there. The purchase accounting adjustments were about $50 million more or less. Some of that will continue but there was a bit of a catch up this quarter. Again, the gain on security sales was about $150 million pre-tax. It was about $100 million over the previous quarter. On the valuation adjustment a similar amount of improvement was a small positive but remember last quarter we had a big negative that resulted from the fact that a lot of the cash that had been trapped when our Master Trust had reached some lower levels of excess spread earlier this year improved both released some cash and also the rate of collectability is now considered to be higher.  Finally on the tax the ruling we had in tax court in late September around treating interchange as interest subject to tax deferral rules. That favorable ruling. There were a couple of other rulings that kind of offset the impact so it was a net positive for us. Given the favorable ruling we had from the court we released some of the reserves associated with this matter but because this is still an ongoing process there could be an appeal. We have not released all of the reserves against that matter and we will have to see what happens over the next several quarters to get the final resolution to determine the ultimate impact. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Mike Taiano – Sandler O’Neill & Partners. 
Mike Taiano – Sandler O’Neill & Partners: I guess my first question has to do with the charge off rate in the credit card business. You had talked a lot about the potential for decoupling earlier in the year where charge off rates increased more than the unemployment rate and I guess for the most part that hasn’t happened. Is there any way in your mind if the unemployment rate does in fact stay stubbornly high for 2010 where you could see a decoupling in the opposite direction where charge offs actually start to decline relative to the unemployment rate? 
Richard Fairbank :  I think my overall answer would be that as unemployment goes so go the card charge offs. Let me put a few nuances around that. Also an important driver is what happens to home prices. If for some reason they rebounded while unemployment didn’t there would be some positive effect. But we are still as worried about potential latent challenges with respect to home prices in many ways as we are about unemployment.  The other thing I would say though is the thing you are referring to the old proverbial one-to-one relationship between domestic card charge offs and Unemployment rate that has been seen in the last two prior downturns and we have talked about in prior earnings calls, that in some ways the more things change the more they stay the same. I think this downturn will show a pretty strong one-to-one relationship between those two. The only thing we have seen of late is that there seems to be a bit of reduction in a sense of the coefficient of impact from unemployment to the charge off rate.  That would explain some of the better than expected performance that we have seen. This could actually be in some ways a simple interpretation of it is it may just be a manifestation of something that didn’t matter very much while everything was worsening but matters a lot when you get to the peak. That is which comes first in a sense, the peak of credit or the peak of unemployment and the lag effect of credit being a moving somewhat earlier than unemployment may be what is being manifested here.  I think the other thing just to kind of add a little more complexity to this thing, the other thing that could be explaining the better than expected credit performance and the seemingly slight reduction of impact of credit vis a vie the unemployment number could be a lot of these sort of temporary impacts of tax stimulus and Cash for Clunkers and a lot of other things going on. Overall I think we view that as unemployment goes so goes the card business. 
Mike Taiano – Sandler O’Neill & Partners: In terms of like your liability now and in terms of duration has it changed dramatically like this quarter versus say a year ago as you kind of shift somewhat away from securitization just to deposits? 
Gary Perlin :  Our overall approach is still to try to run as close to a matched book as makes sense. Although certainly given the extraordinary environment we are in now we are trying to keep ourselves at least somewhat liability sensitive. When you take a look at the nature of our assets between credit cards which are now overwhelmingly floating rates and certainly most of our commercial loans also have a floating rate, in order to get to the position we are looking for we have got some longer duration in our investment portfolio and on the liability side we have been obviously taking advantage of the opportunity to bring our costs down by going more to deposits and in terms of duration there hasn’t been a significant shift other than the benefit that comes from the roll off that comes from the higher cost CD’s. Net/net slightly liability sensitive but still probably a little more matched than many of our peers. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co. 
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co. : Marketing continues to trend down. I am wondering normally there is a surge in the end of the third quarter and beginning of the fourth quarter related to getting cards in people’s pocked for the holiday season. Should we expect any surge in the beginning of the fourth quarter and given all of the changes to the operating environment what are you seeing in terms of response rates? 
Richard Fairbank :  You are right on the normal patterns with respect to marketing. I don’t think…you might see a little bit of an uptick. I would never use the S word, surge, to describe this low level of marketing that is going on here. More, I think, what you will see out of Capital One on the credit card side is a combination of our caution and in many ways the lack of demand that is out there for high quality borrowers as they continue to ramp up their savings rate.  With respect to response rate, response has increased during this period of time. There has been such a dramatic reduction in supply out there as you can see from the mail monitor data for example that not surprisingly we are seeing some increases, pretty much across the board everywhere we are marketing some increase in response. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Could you talk a little bit more about the suppression and its affect on income given the comments you made about expectations for delinquencies and losses it sounded like they wouldn’t be better going forward so how does that reflect itself in the suppression and what happens to that number in Q4 and Q1? 
Gary Perlin :  First of all I don’t think we should read too much into the amount of suppression. By and large we are simply reflecting the kind of experience that we have been seeing in terms of consumer behavior and also quarter-over-quarter we are going to see what quantity of charges are being made because obviously we have to assess before we suppress. By and large I don’t believe that suppression will have a major impact but certainly it was a small contributor. The lower suppression coming from fewer finance charge reversals certainly was a small contributor to the improvement in the card business revenue margin this year but it is not a major driver. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: But your revenue margin is up so it is not like you are charging less interest, right? On your delinquent accounts? It is not clear to me how the suppression could be down unless you are expecting fewer charge offs of accounts that would have had those fees and finance charges billed, right? 
Gary Perlin :  Again, I think as with an allowance you have to take a look at the reserve. It is not just the experience we are having it is the experience we are having versus the expectations that were previously billed. Even though we are not necessarily looking for a significant improvement there is a combination of factors that would make us believe perhaps the amount of reserves we had already posted or the amount we had already suppressed was more than appropriate. By and large if you had seen the allowance going down you can usually expect to see the finance charges and fee reserve also coming down a small bit. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Aaron [Stackonovich] – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. 
Aaron [Stackonovich] – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: I just wanted to ask about competition. We are seeing one of the larger card competitors introducing some new products into the market focusing on affluent and prime segments and also the small business seeing marketing expenses going down a lot. I am just wondering what you are thinking in terms of competition and whether you are worried about market share at all. 
Richard Fairbank :  Let me make a few comments here about competition. First of all, the striking thing is competition has mostly drifted to the really upper end of the market. It is not surprising that the new cards and the new things that you see out there, almost entirely are being pitched to the top end, frankly more heavy spending part of the marketplace and I think you should continue to expect that from everyone including Capital One. This segment has performed well during this downturn. It was always a beloved segment before hand and it will be as or more beloved going forward so this will be intensely competitive. There has been a massive reduction in supply into the heart of the revolver marketplace.  Industry mail volume, it is not a perfect metric because of course increasingly people get their credit cards in ways other than mail but the effect is so dramatic it is certainly telling here. That is versus a year ago industry mail volume is down by more than 2/3. So that I think will probably…I wouldn’t expect that to turn around any time soon. The other thing I would really point your attention to is the pricing in the marketplace. We have been saying that for a long time industry go-to rates really will tell you a lot about the future health of the card business because with the new Card Act go-to acts really are the destination rates and they have kind of evolved where they weren’t necessarily that in the world of penalty based repricing which is essentially going to be a thing of the past after the Card Act.  What I have said is watch the go-to rate and essentially the go-to rate itself if we look back to say July of 2008 the Purchase go-to rate has gone from 11.7% to about 13% so on the face of it, it looks like about 130 basis points of increase but we have to adjust for the significant decline in interest rates and therefore cost of funds during this period of time. So the most telling one is go-to minus prime and go-to rate minus prime has gone by our tally from 6.69% up to 9.75%. So basically it is 300 basis points over this period of time. In the summer of last year it was around the mid 6’s, the go-to rate minus prime. In the latter part of the year it went to the mid 7. For much of this year it has been in the 8’s and in August and September basically it went into the mid 9. I think what you are seeing is the industry I think has been spending most of its focus on dealing with the existing portfolio and frankly not doing a lot of marketing. I think the industry both is recognizing, the early stage of recognition is the go-to rate is the defining kind of indicator of origination pricing help but let me also say based on our calculations and for our originations we certainly believe it needs to go quite a distance farther to really get to the kind of destination we would look for. 
Aaron [Stackonovich] – Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.: The $150 million valuation adjustment this quarter on digital, how does that compare to last quarter and just for clarity does the 150 from the security sale you are saying about $100 million of that is an unusual run rate number? 
Gary Perlin :  No, just to be clear on the second question the $150 million worth of securities gains I was just trying to help you out quarter-over-quarter. We had about a $50 million gain in the second quarter so there was a delta pre-tax of about $100 million. With respect to the security valuations, or the retained interest valuations remember in the second quarter we had a negative adjustment of about $115 million. About half of that came from the fact that we had increased the amount of retained interest. We had done some additional public issuances and we were trapping cash because we had a very short moment there where we went below a trigger on our Class C and that requires us to post a valuation charge against it.  Then the other half was based on the negative credit trends we were seeing at the time and certainly the valuation of the marketplace of those interest. So it was a negative $115 million in the second quarter and we had a positive adjustment of $37 million in the third quarter hence the $150 million more or less pre-tax swing. That again is the same two things that drove the negative adjustment last quarter reversed this time around so a smaller quantum of retained interest. A reduction in the amount of cash that was trapped and an improvement in the valuation of those interests. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital. 
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: So there has been a lot of emphasis on the operating margin and what you were saying about the go-to rate just now, when you look at the average balance, average yields and average cost of funds on the table, you had remarkable increase in your average yield and a good decline in the cost of funds. So you said that you have migrated most of your cards now to floating rates and the margin is unlikely to increase next year.  I guess that assume flat Fed funds. If rates start to go higher then we should expect to see average yields go up from there on these floating rate credit cards and deposit costs probably be more sticky and then we might start to see some further margin expansion? 
Gary Perlin :  Look obviously figuring out the duration of deposits is an art and not a science. Certainly we factor in when we assess the sensitivity of our balance sheet to movements in interest rates. We assume some degree of stickiness. Of course on the card side there may be a variety of considerations in the way promotional rates are offered to people so while the underlying rate on the card is floating it may be that the customer is assured of the rate for a period of time. So by and large I think the movement in rates is unlikely to have a significant impact on the net interest margin in the card business. You can rest assured that both our balance sheet management functions and all of our banks are out there trying to beat the data when it comes to deposits and we will do our best. I’m not sure I would project that. 
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: In the Barney Frank Protection Agency Bill that came out today any comment on the potential for eliminating the preemption where states and municipalities may be able to set their own rates? Any comment on where that may go? 
Richard Fairbank :  It is certainly something we are very concerned about. I think there was relative to the original proposal there was a little bit of lightening of that one so it softened a bit as it made its way through the House Financial Services Committee but it certainly is still not to the destination I think that is extremely important vis a vie classical preemption. Just to remind us all why we cared so much about this, in subjecting national lenders to every state legislature in the country the risk of many different regulatory barriers coming across 50 states which even the anticipation of potential legislation in 50 states could actually lead to reduced lending even before it actually happened in a particular state and the cost of compliance on all of this as well. I think this is a very, very critical issue. There is a lot of I think very widespread opposition by large and small in many, many quarters to this and we will see where it goes. That is a top issue on our list. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods. 
Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: I just wanted to make sure I understood your comment around the revenue margin and the Card Act. Do you actually think there will be an impact to the ROA of the U.S. card portfolio from this law?  
Richard Fairbank :  Yes. The law has a tremendous sweeping impact on the industry and we are not spending 200,000 IT hours here for nothing trying to get ready for this thing ourselves. The way the business works it is a very sweeping set of changes. Now some impacts that I think are going to be very hard on other players will be relatively lighter for Capital One. I think a number of our competitors were pretty reliant on very extensive penalty based re-pricing as a core basis for the business model.  That never really was the basis of the Capital One business model and that practice is really at the absolute bull’s eye of what the Card Act is trying to address. There are also other practices like universal default and things like that as well. The Card Act, even as Capital One has a relatively intact revenue margin on the other side of this thing, I do want to say for us and I think the industry there will be a substantial redistribution of sort of where revenue comes from and I sense that this is in many ways what the Act is trying to achieve. There is going to be less income coming from fees and things like this particularly things like over limit fees and I think the revenue model of the business is going to go back to more of the way it was in the 90’s which is more focused on headline rates of APRs and in some cases annual fees.  I think there is a very important, very healthy redistribution going on and I think with respect to Capital One I think that preparation we did for years with respect to our work on Credit card practices, you can probably remember some of my presentations I did years ago some of the work we have done over the prior year and then the implementation of Opt in itself, I am a big believer that for a lot of customers they want the ability to go over limit and I think it is a very appropriate thing to have an explicit opt in on this and we believe that will make sure every customer is where he or she wants to be but net/net when you pull up on this while there is a redistribution of where revenue comes from it is a very healthy one and I think overall Capital One is positioned to have our revenue margin be intact through this period of time and in the future. 
Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: If we looked at the mix of the portfolio maybe a year from now would it look any different than it looks today? 
Richard Fairbank :  Within some segments I would say yes but I don’t think you will see a dramatic change for Capital One. Let me talk about the elements of uncertainty in all of this. I believe deeply that our revenue margin is intact through this process but let me talk about the uncertainties.  First of all on the legislative and regulatory side there is still miles to go before we sleep with respect to even what agency is the regulator, the actual final interpretation of the Card Law that is still waiting to come out and then all the kind of things that still loom out there for things like interchange and other things. So there is a tremendous uncertainty so when I talk about intact revenue margins I am talking about relative to that which we know right now I feel quite good about that.  The other big uncertainty to me that will affect our mix as you asked but also about the size of our business going forward is where does the industry go with respect to pricing. It has been so long since the industry really had to fully focus on the kind of essential long-term nature of the initial offer that as I said before where this go-to rate goes will make a big difference to the health of this business and our appetite for origination in some of the segments of the business.  My kind of sound byte summary of where I think the business is going is we are going back to the 90’s. This is back to the 90’s without the industry growth component. The 90’s was a wonderful period of a very level playing field. It did have the nice overlay of tremendous industry growth but the competition was very much based on headline rates and the credit card issuers who succeeded during that time were those that I think had the strongest underwriting models. I think the situation evolved in a troubling way during this last decade to where the leverage was not on underwriting because people would sort of self-select through penalty based repricing into a price level that reflected ultimately their risk. We are going back to the 90’s. It is all about up-front underwriting.  I think that plays to the strengths of the whole information based strategy model that our company is built on. But in addition to kind of playing to our strengths I think it is such a positive with respect to the opportunity to go back and really build a franchise with consumers where the debate is not about industry credit card practices and it is really about adding value to our customers and building cornerstone relationships in credit card that can be expanded elsewhere. So we are incredibly looking forward to this and it is back to the 90’s. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets. 
Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets : This is a little bit of an esoteric question but there has been some confusion regarding FAS 166 and 167 with regard to FDIC Safe Harbor on securitizations. I was curious if you had any insight or if you have had discussions, preliminary discussions or have heard anything regarding the way the FDIC is leaning on granting Safe Harbor going forward without the gain on sale accounting treatment? 
Gary Perlin :  Unfortunately we don’t have much insight we can offer. Obviously we are dramatically less reliant on securitization as a funding tool. We have some securitizations on our investment portfolio but they have relatively short lives and I know that this is basically going to work itself out over the near-term but I don’t have any insights to give you. 
Scott Valentin – FBR Capital Markets : Regarding any failed bank acquisitions, you are making money. You are in a good positive. You are in a good capital position. Any thoughts on failed banks? Would it be in market or out of market or is it something you are interested in? 
Richard Fairbank :  We certainly believe we are one of the financial institutions that is emerging with relative strength and one benefit to that is there are going to be a lot of banks that are struggling and potentially may need to sell themselves and a small number of buyers. That said, we would be very selective. We don’t feel any need we have to do this. We have taken a look at some of the failed bank deals that have unfolded so far.  I do want to say there is a lot of hair on a number of these things even in cases where the credit losses are actually protected and a lot of times the franchises have been very, very badly revved up and damaged. Our view here is we would be extremely selective and we are not in a rush to go try and snap up the first opportunity that comes by. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Donald Fandetti – Citi Investment Research. 
Donald Fandetti – Citi Investment Research :  Sort of a follow-up to the comments earlier, there seems to be a very divergent views on where the card receivables could go and how we look at normalized earnings. One view is that receivables fall off dramatically 25-30%. Is there a scenario where as you get comfortable with the go-to rate that portfolio balance may actually be a little bit more stable than we think? 
Richard Fairbank :  I have been preaching from a high mountain top to anyone who will listen over the last basically year and a half or so saying you will find a very, very striking reduction of balances in the card business from a variety of factors. I don’t say the same thing looking forward. I don’t think the rate of decline you have seen in the past is going to reflect…I think going forward the way I look at it is speaking for ourselves, and I think I speak for the industry on this one as well, until we see the inflection point where for us the card business would really look like something where we really want to step up originations and as long as charge off rates are where they are you are going to continue to see pretty much the same rate of decline you have seen in the past.  I think that inflection point is near. It is not here. It is probably near. When that inflection point comes it takes quite a bit of origination to offset the sustained pretty darn high level of charge offs. I think the destination post inflection point for card players like ourselves is a more flattish kind of near-term outcome than anything would show a lot of growth. I do think post inflection point unless the industry is just stubbornly not getting its head around what go-to rates need to be. I think the steep decline would be stemmed. 
Operator:  The next question comes from the line of Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.:  Capital One’s U.S. card business has historically generated ROA’s well above the industry, 3-4% and I guess the view has been that a lot of that is due to the smaller loan sizes with the higher fee based components especially late and over limit fees. Certainly one of the bulls eyes of the credit card legislation was some of those fees, especially over limit fees and I guess we will see where late fees come out, but it seems like you don’t feel your ability to generate those types of very high returns in the future are going to be impaired by this legislation. Do you think the entire industry is going to have higher ROA’s because of the big increase you mentioned and pointed out in go-to rates? Or what is going to allow Capital One to continue to generate much higher returns than the industry? 
Richard Fairbank :  Let me talk about the destination of some of these fees for starters. I think over limit fee destination in terms of fee amount is down. We certainly expect and plan for that. Down but not out in a sense but down. Okay? I think the number of occurrences of them is also down because companies like Capital One will be moving to an opt in and while I believe that opt in can be a very positive thing like I talked about earlier, the net effect is also going to be down with that respect. I think with respect to late fees, late fees are kind of one of the classic forms of risk based pricing that I think are extremely well understood in the consumer marketplace. The credit card is more just very typical of how virtually all financial instruments have credit cards.  So it will be interesting to see over time. Part of the unfinished business here of the Federal Reserve or whatever agency ultimately weighs in on this is how they view the “reasonability” of some of these fees. So that one I think we will certainly keep an eye on. Capital One has generally been cautious with respect to credit line extensions and as a result sometimes I think has had a higher incidence of over-limit fees than some players but I think any changes here are going to be more than offset by the benefit of having a lot less or fewer changes to make, a lot fewer changes to make, on some of the other things. Back to your question, will we be able to make…I don’t want to shingle myself with what ROA we are going to be able to make in the long-term. My view is this. It is back to the 90’s as I would say. It is a level playing field. I think the way Capital One has been able to generate exceptional profitability is really more one customer at a time. The credit and pricing decisions one customer at a time and the use of that information based strategy that we have not only spent 20 years building, the entire company is designed to be able to execute on this.  So I look at that and say I don’t see anything changing in a negative way, visa vie that. Frankly the ability to go back to an underwriting differentiated business I think is a positive and I look forward to a business where truly the competition is more on headline rates and more on up front underwriting. I am pretty optimistic about our ability to generate strong returns. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.:  Are you starting to think ahead to ramping up some strategic marketing plans? Do you have, American Express obviously is ramping up marketing, many of the other larger players are not. Maybe JP Morgan is but where do you see the opportunity? Do you see it in the subprime space as everybody moves to the upper side? Are you getting to that point, are you thinking about ramping up marketing or are you going to otherwise going to shrink a lot faster than the industry? 
Richard Fairbank :  First of all it won’t be a switch that is on/off relative to the card business. We kind of view this one sub-segment at a time. We look for this proverbial inflection point as I call it, it is not just about when the economy turns because if it was just about when the economy turns we would have one inflection point across the company. To us it is really about the supply and demand products in a particular sub-segment of a business. What is happening with positive or negative selection. The competition with price levels at the time and how the consumer is performing in that business.  So I would expect not too long from now we would selectively on the consumer side of Capital One be hitting those inflection points. I would expect on the other side of that overall what you would see would not be a big bang, breathtaking increase in marketing but rather something that is more gradual and measured because it is my deep belief that there is still a lot of pretty darned bad stuff waiting to happen in the economy. I don’t think we have to rush to go anywhere and I want to see a demonstration of what the pricing and competitive dynamics are in the business post the Card Act and I think that is going to say a lot about the growth prospects for all of us.  
Jeff Norris : I want to thank everybody for joining us on the conference call today. Thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. As I said before the IR team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Thanks and good night. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s call. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jeff Norris – IR Richard Fairbank – President & CEO Gary Perlin – CFO 
Analysts:  Craig Maurer - Caylon Securities Unspecified Analyst – Ladenburg FSG Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Steven Wharton - JPMorgan Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods Ken Bruce - Banc of America Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co. 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Capital One second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Welcome everyone to Capital One’s second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log onto Capital One’s website at www.capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2009 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Richard and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on Investors then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause the actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section entitled Risk Factors in our Annual and Quarterly reports filed with the SEC and accessible at the Capital One website and also the forward-looking statements section in the earnings release presentation.  Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Perlin.
Gary Perlin : Thanks Jeff and good afternoon to everyone listening to the call tonight. I’ll begin on slide three, in the second quarter Capital One earned $224 million or $0.53 per share prior to impacts from the government’s preferred share investment. After including a $462 million accounting impact of the June redemption of the shares, and $38 million dollars in preferred dividend payments in the quarter deposited $0.53 per share becomes a loss of $0.65 per share available to common shareholders.  These quarterly results also include a pre-tax expense of $80 million for the FDIC special assessment partially offset by a pre-tax gain of $65 million from the sale of MasterCard stock. Performance in second quarter continuing operations primarily reflects the economic environment, and our actions to manage the company through the downturn.  Revenue increased $418 million in the quarter driven largely by two factors, first our margins improved. This improvement was driven primarily by reducing our funding costs through better pricing and managing the mix of our liabilities to bring down our weighted average funding costs by 36 basis points. More on funding costs in a moment.  And second we posted a full quarter of Chevy Chase Bank revenues. Let me point out that while Chevy Chase Bank’s results remain in the other category in the segment reporting supplemental tables we’ve also included a specific schedule in the tables to outline its results for the quarter.  Chevy Chase Bank will be merged into Capital One NA on July 30 and the results will be integrated into our existing business segments in the third quarter. While they didn’t materially impact the quarter over quarter revenue change, we also recognized a negative $127 million valuation adjustment to our retained securitization interests and suppressed $572 million in fees assessed but deemed uncollectible in the second quarter.  About half of the valuation adjustment was driven by an increase in the amount of subordinated asset backed notes we retained in conjunction with the issuance of new public ABS in the quarter. And the other half of the valuation adjustment was driven by an increase in the size of spread accounts as we slipped just below our three month average 4.5% BBB trigger in the common securitization trust.  The overall improvement in revenue was partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense which resulted primarily from a full quarter of Chevy Chase Bank expenses and the FDIC special assessment. Provision expense was down $228 million quarter over quarter with an expected modest increase in charge-offs more than offset by the swing from a $124 million allowance build in the first quarter to a $166 million allowance release in the second quarter.  US card more than accounted for the entire allowance release in the second quarter where $1.9 billion of reported loan contraction led to $183 million release in that business despite the fact that we maintained card coverage ratios. The $68 million build in the local banking segment driven mostly by worsening credit trends in commercial was mostly offset by the $61 million release in auto to reflect both improving charge-off trends and declining loan balances.  As we turn to slide four I’ll discuss how the changes to our allowance have impacted our coverage ratios. For the total company our allowance as a percentage of reported loans remained flat in sequential quarters at 4.8%, up 143 basis points from the year go quarter. In the second quarter we maintained our increased our ratio of allowance to both reported loans and reported delinquencies in nearly all of our businesses as we anticipate higher losses than today’s levels.  The loan exception was a slight decline in coverage in auto finance which experienced a full quarter’s worth of improving charge-offs. With a coverage ration of allowance to reported delinquencies at historical highs for our unsecured lending businesses, our allowance anticipates a full 12 months of losses that are higher than today’s levels.  Let’s turn to slide five where we see that both cost and revenue margins improved in the quarter. On the revenue side we saw significant improvement in both our net interest and revenue margins. Our NIM improvement of 30 basis points was driven by a reduction in our cost of funds.  Despite the continued mix shift of assets from loans to lower yielding investment securities we managed to maintain a stable weighted average asset yield allowing the cost of funds improvement to fully benefit NIM. Its also worth noting that this 30 basis point improvement is actually understated as a full quarter of the lower yielding Chevy Chase Bank portfolio decreased NIM by about 10 basis points quarter over quarter.  In addition to the factors driving up NIM revenue margin improved as gains from the sale of securities from our investment portfolio and of shares in MasterCard were accompanied by an increase in gross interchange income stemming from 10% higher purchase volume in the quarter.  We continue to aggressively manage our costs bringing down our efficiency ratio even while absorbing a full quarter of the historically higher efficiency ratio of Chevy Chase Bank, the FDIC special assessment and ongoing integration expenses. Looking ahead while our efficiency ratio may fluctuate as a result of these integration expenses and potential swings in revenue we remain committed to driving run rate efficiencies over time.  Since our results will continue to be influenced by the composition of the balance sheet I’ll discuss our asset mix and funding in more detail on slide six. Our strong and flexible balance sheet continue to reflect both a secular shift from the strategic choices we’ve made especially the transformation of our funding mix as well as cyclical trends caused by the current economic environment. Especially the impact of lower rates and reduced demand for loans. Average earning assets increased by approximately $5 billion in the quarter more than entirely accounted for by the effect of a full quarter of Chevy Chase Bank loans. Excluding Chevy Chase Bank loans average managed loan balances in legacy segments declined by about $4 billion despite about $5 billion of new originations.  Several factors caused loan balances to fall in the quarter including the run off of over $2 billion in loans related to businesses we repositioned or exited several quarters ago, such as auto and installment loans. In addition rising charge-offs, low purchase volumes, particularly in revolving card businesses, weak loan demand, and normal attrition also contributed to the decline in loan balances.  Our average securities portfolio grew by approximately $3 billion in the second quarter and now represents 20% of our earning assets up from 18% in the first quarter. While lower yields on the securities we purchased in the quarter led to an overall yield on the investment portfolio the weighted average yield on all earning assets remained stable because of margin expansion in our loan book.  I’ll provide more color on the securities portfolio in a moment and Richard will speak to loan margins later. On the liability side we rolled approximately $4 billion of securitization maturities in the quarter including the issuance of $1.5 billion of new public securities marking our return as an ABS issuer as spreads tightened to the best levels in a year. We also accessed the capital markets for $1 billion of senior notes and $1.5 billion of subordinated bank debt, both deals done without government backing.  As we’ve noted before Capital One has not had to rely on any of the government programs created to aid capital market access like TALF or TLGP. As a result of these moves our funding mix remains stable in sequential quarters. The full quarter effect of Chevy Chase Bank increased average deposits by approximately $7 billion although period end deposits were down $4 billion as we allowed higher cost deposits to run off in the face of the contracting loan book.  As a result or ending period loan to deposit ratio remained stable. Our actions significantly reduced our average interest bearing deposit costs from 2.51% to 2.08% which drove down our overall cost of funds by 36 basis points to 2.40%. As we turn to slide seven, I’ll provide a more detailed view of our investment portfolio.  This portfolio continues to be a source of both strength and flexibility for Capital One. The quarter end investment portfolio grew by a billion in the quarter. We continue to believe it is not only prudent to maintain excess liquidity given today’s market uncertainty but also that we can generate attractive risk adjusted returns while doing so.  While lower yields on the securities we purchased in the quarter brought down the yield on the investment portfolio by 22 basis points to 4.40% the rally in the fixed income market in the quarter enabled us to recognize some modest gains from sales of securities as well as improve the unrealized loss position by $316 million.  In fact our unrealized loss position has improved by approximately $800 million since the beginning of this year. Although securities are currently generating attractive returns we expect that when attractive lending opportunities present themselves in the future we will be able to finance those opportunities without the need for us to raise additional capital by reducing the size of our investment portfolio.  I’ll discuss capital in more detail on slide eight. Our TCE ratio improved by 90 basis points in the quarter to a healthy 5.7% driven by our $1.5 billion common equity raise in May and the $6 billion decrease in our tangible managed assets. Redeeming the government’s $3.55 billion in preferred shares reduced our Tier 1 ratio by approximately 300 basis points in the quarter. However our period end Tier 1 ratio was only down 170 basis points to 9.7% as our common equity raise in May along with a reduction in risk weighted assets partially offset the return of the government’s investment.  Our Tier 1 ratio now stands at 9.7% or 370 basis points above the regulators well capitalized threshold. We know that many of you like we are paying close attention to prospective impact on issuer balance sheets of the consolidation of securitization assets required by FAS 166 and 167 currently scheduled to take place in early 2010. It would be an understatement to say that there are many uncertainties as to how this would effect regulated financial institutions because of the implementation options available to issuers under the accounting standards, recent notices from the FAS B about their intention to move even further towards fair value accounting for all loans and the absence of relevant rules by banking regulators.  As for Capital One we’re hard at work planning for each of the many alternative outcomes. Given the range of potential changes in accounting, its important to true back to the ways in which we assure our capacity to absorb expected and unexpected losses. The most important of these are maintaining an appropriate allowance for expected losses and managing capital to a healthy TCE ratio.  The TCE calculation is blind to on or off balance sheet treatment of assets in the denominator. And the numerator includes only common equity. Under scenarios in which we might build additional allowance as a result of the consolidation, this could reduce the TCE numerator. But such an accounting change if it happened would simply move resources to absorb future losses from one part of our balance sheet retained earnings, to a different part of our balance sheet, the loss allowance.  Thus these accounting events whenever and however applied, do not effect our true economic earnings power, our risk position or our capacity to bear that risk. That’s why were confident that an accounting change in and of itself would not require us to add to our common equity. Unlike TCE regulatory capital calculations are more complex and subject to change.  Our ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets and similar regulatory ratios are strong and as you can see on slide eight comprised of very high quality capital. They’ve been validated by our supervisors as evidenced in our S cap results and our recent redemption of the TARP preferred shares.  We still value however the flexibility provided by strong regulatory capital ratios especially in uncertain times like these. Therefore we’ve recently strengthened our regulatory capital base with $1.5 billion of subordinated debt and will continue to look at similar opportunities as appropriate.  Turning to slide nine I’ll touch on the financial performance of our other category before turning the call over to Richard. We experienced a $40 million loss in the other category in the second quarter, an $86 million improvement from the prior quarter. There were a number of largely offsetting items, strong revenue from our treasury, and a modest profit from Chevy Chase Bank were more than offset by the FDIC special assessment, losses from the Greenpoint HELOC portfolio and restructuring costs.  I’ll now turn the call over to Richard to discuss the performance of our national lending and local banking businesses. 
Richard Fairbank : Thanks Gary, our US card business posted $168 million in profits in the second quarter. The primary driver of US card profits in the second quarter was lower provision expense as the pretax allowance release of $183 million more than offset rising charge-offs. As Gary described the allowance release in US card was entirely driven by the decline in reported loan balances.  The allowance as a percentage of reported loans was flat and the allowance as a percentage of reported delinquencies actually increased. US card net interest income improved as a result of lower funding costs and the modest improvement in finance charge revenue from the revenue enhancement actions we took earlier this year.  The improvements in net interest income were offset by a decline in non interest income as we continue to see consumers behaving defensively in the current economic environment, spending less, exercising caution to avoid fees and working hard to remain current. Revenue margin for the second quarter improved to 14.5%. We continue to expect that US card revenue margin will increase in the second half of 2009.  We anticipate that revenue margin will be above 15% in each of the last two quarters of 2009. For the full year however we now expect the average revenue margin will be a bit below 15% as revenue improvements will be partially offset by the effects of defensive consumer behavior and early implementation of some aspects of the new card law that we expect to complete later this year.  The international businesses posted net income of $5 million in the second quarter. We have been retrenching in the UK business for some time now and we’ve been cautious in Canada in an anticipation of the credit worsening that began in the first half of 2009. As a result local currency international loan volumes have been declining. The dollar increase in international loan volumes in the second quarter resulted entirely from foreign exchange impacts.  Capital One auto finance delivered net income of $97 million in the second quarter. Second quarter net income was helped in part by a $60 million pretax allowance release driven by declining loan balances and better than expected credit performance. Our 2008 origination vintages are delivering strong results. We’ve been able to originate loans with lower LTVs to customers with higher FICO scores.  At the same time we’ve been able to improve pricing and margins in the current competitive environment. As a result we expect that the 2008 originations will yield above hurdle risk adjusted returns and their performance to date is tracking at or above our expectations. Although auto finance results through the first half of 2009 are encouraging we remain cautious.  By definition the seasonal elements of strong first half credit performance will not persist so we don’t expect this level of profitability to be our run rate for the remainder of 2009. It is uncertain how long we’ll continue to benefit from rising used vehicle prices and recoveries. And the continued strength in the economy and the auto industry create continuing uncertainty about the near-term results of our auto business.  The local business essentially broke even in the second quarter despite cyclically high provision expense. Pre provision pretax earnings increased as a revenue improvement outpaced the modest increase in non interest expenses. The revenue increase in the quarter resulted from favorable loan and deposit pricing, higher average deposit balances and improving deposit mix.  Provision expense remains elevated at this point in the cycle but declined from the sequential quarter as the allowance build in the second quarter was lower than the allowance build in the first quarter. Our local banking allowance coverage ratio as a percentage of reported loans increased.  Slide 10 shows credit performance in our national lending businesses. Economic deterioration continued during the second quarter although the pace of deterioration was partially offset by seasonal tailwinds and our ongoing efforts to aggressively manage credit risk. As a result delinquency and charge-off rates increased across most of our national lending businesses although the pace of deterioration slowed. In fact we saw modest improvements in our US card delinquency rate and our auto finance charge-off rate.  US card charge-off rate increased to 9.2% for the second quarter. About 45 basis points of the second quarter charge-off rate resulted from declining balances and about 10 basis points resulted from implementing the OCC minimum payment policies. The second quarter charge-off rate also includes an offsetting positive impact of 35 basis points from a change in our bankruptcy recognition process that we noted in our monthly credit 8-K filings during the quarter.  While our internal guidelines require bankrupt accounts to be charged off within 30 days our practice had been to charge-off customer accounts within two to three days of receiving notification of bankruptcy. Due in part to an increase in the volume of bankruptcies we have extended our processing window to improve the efficiency and accuracy of bankruptcy related charge-off recognition.  The new process remains within Capital One’s internal guidelines as well as regulatory guidelines that bankrupt accounts must be charged off within 60 days of notifications. This was a one time impact limited to the months of April and May. It has now run its course and the June monthly credit results were not effected. Without this processing change second quarter charge-off rate would have been 9.6%.  The US card delinquency rate improved modestly to 4.8% at the end of the quarter. Second quarter charge-off and delinquency trends were generally consistent with expected seasonal patterns and in line with the expectations we articulated last quarter. We expect further increase in US card charge-off rates through 2009 as the economy continues to weaken.  We also expect that our US card charge-off rate will deteriorate at a faster pace then the broader economy as a result of denominator effects and our implementation of OCC minimum payment requirements. While many credit card issuers have experienced declining loan balances in the current environment we expect that our denominator will decline more than the industry in the second half of 2009 as the result of installment loans running off.  As we’ve discussed over the past couple of quarters our US card business includes about $9.3 billion in installment loans down from about $10.6 billion at the end of the first quarter. We essentially stopped originating installment loans late last year so the portfolio will continue to shrink as the outstanding loans amortize.  Installment loans account for just 14% of US card loan balances but we expect that run off of installment loans will drive about a third of the expected denominator effect. Combining both revolving card and installment loans we expect the denominator effect to increase third quarter charge-off rates by about 40 basis points for the US card business.  As we discussed in prior quarters we are the only major credit card issuer implementing OCC minimum payment policies now as we were not regulated by the OCC when the policies were put in place several years ago in a wholly different credit environment. We continue to analyze test sale data to refine and update our estimates of the expected impacts of implementing OCC minimum payment policies.  We now expect the OCC minimum payment impact to drive around 80 basis points of charge-off rate in the third quarter and 20 basis points in the fourth quarter and into 2010. Taken together we expect the denominator effect, the OCC minimum payment effect and the absence of the bankruptcy processing benefit will result in about 150 basis points of higher US card charge-off rate in the third quarter before any charge-off rate effects from continuing economic deterioration or seasonality.  Switching from quarterly to monthly charge-off rate we expect that OCC minimum payment effects will be significant in each month of the third quarter beginning with June to establish a baseline we estimate that the June monthly managed charge-off rate for US card included about 20 basis points from the OCC minimum payment effects.  We estimate that this impact will be about 120 basis points in July, 80 basis points in August, and 50 basis points in September. Credit trends in the international business reflect increasing economic deterioration in the UK and Canada. While the Canadian portfolio has been relatively stable for several quarters, the Canadian economy and credit trends continued to show signs of weakness in the second quarter.  Auto finance charge-off rate continued to improve in the second quarter driven by several factors. Charge-offs exhibited expected seasonal improvements in the second quarter. Used car prices have been improving for several months resulting in lower charge-off severity. And our investments in auto finance collections and recovery operations are paying off. We realized improvements in charge-off rate even though the denominator declined by nearly $800 million as a result of our actions to retrench and reposition the business in late 2007. Auto finance delinquency rate increased modestly from the sequential quarter following expected seasonal patterns. We expect auto finance charge-offs and delinquencies to increase in the second half of 2009 in line with expected seasonal patterns, continuing economic deterioration and uncertainty about the sustainability of favorable used vehicle prices.  Before moving on to commercial credit, I’ll update our economic outlook. Unemployment and home prices have been and continue to be the economic variables with greatest on our credit results. We now expect unemployment rate to increase to around 10.3% by the end of 2009, up from our estimate of about 9.6% last quarter.  Our prior assumption for home prices was for the Case-Shiller 20 City index to fall by around 39% peak to trough. We now expect a modestly worse peak to trough decline of around 42%. To date this index has declined by about 31% from its peak. Slide 11 summarizes credit performance in our local banking business. Charge-offs in non performing loans as percentage of managed loans both increase in our local banking business in the second quarter.  The increased resulted from continuing economic stress in the Metro New York City market and to a lesser degree in Louisiana and Texas. In our commercial lending portfolio the increase in non performing loans and charge-offs was primarily driven by our middle market portfolio and the construction segment of our commercial real estate business. While non performers and charge-offs in our construction portfolio have been elevated for the last three quarters, non performers and charge-offs in our middle market portfolio had been increasing only modestly until this quarter.  The recession which hit construction and consumer portfolios some time ago has finally started to have its impact on our middle market portfolio. In the consumer portfolio residential mortgage non performers and charge-offs increased in the quarter as home prices continued to fall. Let me pull up and spend a few minutes providing more detail in what’s in our commercial lending portfolio.  Our largest portfolio is commercial and multifamily real estate at $13.6 billion, 81% of this portfolio is in the New York Metro area. Most of this is permanent loans for multifamily, office and retail real estate. Construction lending comprises only $2.3 billion or a little under 10% of our overall commercial lending business and less then half of that is for sale residential construction. This is far less than what you would find at most other large banks. In our CRE business we are a relationship based cash flow lender. We underwrite to in place cash flows and not to aspirational rent increases. As a result our average debt service coverage ratios remained strong average 1.7x.  And our average LTV at origination is about 60%. To date the CRE portfolio has performed better than industry averages. Our non performers and charge-offs have nevertheless been rising but the deterioration is primarily concentrated in the construction sector. We expect credit losses to remain elevated for the balance of the recession. We also expect that our CRE portfolio will continue to outperform the industry as a whole for several reasons.  We had disciplined lending standards, and relationship oriented approach. We have a relatively small exposure to construction lending and a relatively large exposure to New York City multifamily. Because of rent controls and supply limitations New York City multifamily has been relatively resilient to recession. Our second largest portfolio is middle market at $9.8 billion. These are typically C&I loans made to private middle market companies.  Approximately half of the portfolio is in Louisiana and Texas and a third is located in the New York Metro area. Our portfolio is diverse with less than 10% of the portfolio in any single industry. We expect that continuing economic deterioration will drive further increases in middle market non performers and charge-offs although we expect that the portfolio will continue to outperform the industry average for several reasons.  Our lending strategy focuses on hard asset collateral coverage and proven cash flows. We have steered clear of more risky loan products such as enterprise value lending and broadly syndicated loan participations. And we follow a relationship driven strategy that focuses on borrowers with whom we have had long and deep relationships. We believe that the continuing recession will drive further increases in non performers and charge-offs across our commercial lending businesses but we also believe that our conservative underwriting, relationship driven strategy and favorable portfolio mix within commercial lending result in a commercial lending portfolio that is well positioned to weather this recession.  And compared to most large banks, commercial loans are a much smaller percentage of our total company managed loans. Beyond the commercial lending business you can see credit trends in other parts of our local banking business in the second quarter press release tables. Small ticket commercial real estate lending was part of the Greenpoint mortgage origination business we shut in August 2007. Although we are no longer originating these types of loans we still have a $2.5 billion portfolio of loans on our books. It’s a weak portfolio and we’re working it out. The significant rise in non performers is the result of the long and involved work out process due to the nature of the collateral, the fact that the court system is clogged, and the simple fact that delinquency rates are rising.  Similar to residential mortgage this causes significant accumulation of non performers prior to foreclosure. We are increasing the resources dedicated to this portfolio which will help us resolve bad loans faster but we expect non performers to remain elevated for the foreseeable future. The increase in charge-offs is a function of more loans going to foreclosure combined with falling collateral values.  We expect further worsening in the credit performance of this portfolio and have incorporated these expectations in setting the loan loss allowance in our local banking business. Our small business lending portfolio includes about $4.6 billion in loans to small businesses in our local banking markets. Similar to our middle market business our strategy is to focus on borrowers with whom we have broad based banking relationships.  We have seen a moderate increase in non performers and charge-offs as expected at this point in the economic cycle and we expect that this portfolio will continue to show elevated non performers and charge-offs for the balance of the recession. Our consumer lending portfolio in local banking is comprised primarily of residential first mortgages and branch based home equity loans.  The mortgages in this portfolio are high FICO low LTV and relatively well seasoned. The home equity loans are entirely within our branch footprint and are mostly first liens. As I mentioned earlier residential mortgage non performers and charge-offs increased as home prices continue to fall. Credit trends for branch based home equity and other consumer were relatively stable in the second quarter.  The local banking consumer lending portfolio does not include the Chevy Chase Bank mortgages or the run off portfolio of Greenpoint HELOC. Both of these portfolios are held in the other category. Turning to slide 12 I’ll discuss a key piece of news from the second quarter of 2009, the passage and signing of the new law on credit card industry practices. As you’d expect we’re very hard at work analyzing testing and developing new strategies to anticipate and respond to the new law and the new credit card market it will create.  Based on our work thus far we can draw several high level conclusions. We believe the new credit card industry law will profoundly change the structure and competitive landscape of the entire credit card industry. We expect that the new law will lead to a constriction in credit and a reduction in the resilience of the industry.  With respect to revenues we believe all issuers will see a significant redistribution of where credit card revenue comes from. There will be a shift away from penalty fees, penalty repricing and the use of practices like double cycle billing and payment allocation. Instead the economics will be imbedded in clearly disclosed headline prices like annual percentage rates and annual fees.  In our view that’s really at the heart of the new law. As a result of this redistribution of the revenue model, its likely that long zero percent teasers which relied on aggressive penalty repricing can make the economics work will essentially disappear. We expect that teaser offers will continue but they are likely to look more like they did in the 1990’s when teasers were generally for shorter periods of time with higher go to rates.  Relative to the industry we believe our US card business will be less exposed to most aspects of the new law because we never relied on practices like aggressive penalty repricing, universal default or double cycle billing. We do expect to see a redistribution of where credit card revenues come from in our US card business but in aggregate we believe the revenue model will remain largely in tact over time.  We expect the returns in our card business to diminish modestly from pre recession levels but to remain very attractive and well above hurdle rates. The timing of implementing these changes coincides with the great recession. Managing our business to both weather the recession and respond to the coming changes in the credit card industry creates risks and potential profitability pressures in the short-term.  But in the long-term we believe the new law and the marketing competitive environment it will create could open up opportunities and be a net benefit for Capital One. Slide 13 shows the trends in credit card industry use of zero percent long teasers on the left and trends in Capital One market share on the right.  We believe that the up front underwriting and pricing for risk has always been one of our most enduring and powerful competitive advantages. The widespread use by our competitors of some of the soon to be banned industry practices diminish the power of that advantage. One example of this was the industry practice of using aggressive penalty repricing and payment allocation in conjunction with very long zero percent balance transfer teaser offers. These graphs show that the rise of zero percent long teasers coincides with the leveling off of Capital One’s market share gains.  You may recall our quarterly earnings call from this era on which I consistently spoke about the unattractiveness of the prime revolver segment of the credit card market. We felt that the market clearing headline price of zero combined with heavy use of aggressive penalty repricing and payment allocation was not a sustainable business practice even the vast majority of the industry direct mail included these types of offers, we mostly stayed on the sidelines.  Now that the new law has effectively ended these practices we expect we’ll be able to re enter parts of the credit card market like prime revolver. After the new law is implemented, many industry practices will be cleaned up and the playing field will be level. We believe this environment will play to our strengths including up front underwriting and pricing for risk, resilient and low cost deposit funding, continuing opportunities for efficiency improvement, and a leading brand.  The new law will clearly drive significant change. It creates risks and uncertainties particularly in the near-term when we’ll face both the recession and the transition to the new environment. In the long-term we expect the restriction of credit, returns that are somewhat lower but still very attractive and potential opportunities because of the more level playing field and more sustainable customer practices.  All in all if we had the choice between today’s status quo or the new law we’d definitely choose the new law. I’ll close tonight on slide 14, second quarter and near-term results remain under significant pressure at this point in the cycle and we continue to make tough decisions and take the actions that we believe will put our company in the best possible position to weather the storm and create shareholder value over the cycle.  We’ve tightened underwriting standards across the board. We’ve retrenched and repositioned the auto lending business and we’ve exited the least resilient businesses like nation lending, installment loans and small ticket commercial real estate. We’ve maintained our increased focus on collections with earlier entry, higher intensity, and new tools. Even as we’ve invested in increased collections, we’ve made great progress on our efforts to reduce our cost structure and improve operating efficiency to enhance our long-term competitive position and build resilience to rising credit costs.  And we’re taking action to maintain and improve our margins by optimizing the mix of our earning assets and liabilities. Collectively these actions put us in a better position to manage the company through the downturn for the benefit of shareholders. They also influence the second quarter results. In particular the effects of shrinking loan balances are apparent in many of the results Gary and I have discussed today.  Declining balances impact both the optics and the substance of our second quarter and near-term results. An example of optics is the divergence between dollar trends and rate trends for metrics like delinquencies, charge-offs and margins. An example of substance is the income statement benefit of allowance releases that are possible even as we continue to build our coverage for future losses. Against the backdrop of economic worsening and volatile markets our strong and transparent balance sheet remains a source of strength in these turbulent times. Allowance coverage ratios remain high, funding and liquidity remain rock solid, and our TCE ratio at the end of the second quarter was 5.7%, an improvement of about 90 basis points from the prior quarter.  But the strength of our balance sheet is not just about weathering the storm. We also expect our balance sheet to generate shareholder value as we emerge from the storm. Our balance sheet can contribute to higher margins over time as capital markets funding and wholesale deposits mature and we replace them with lower cost local banking deposits.  And when the cycle eventually turns and opportunities for profitable and resilient loan growth emerge we expect that we’ll be able to grow loans by rotating our earning assets from investment securities back into new loan growth. One of the keys to successfully weathering this storm is getting to the other side with our valuable franchises in tact.  Despite the declining loan balances we still believe that our businesses continue to have more than sufficient scale and that our core national lending and local banking businesses are still very valuable franchises. Despite significant economic challenges and legislative uncertainty we believe that we remain well positioned to weather the storm, deliver shareholder value over the cycle and achieve our vision of combining great local banking franchises with a sustainably high return credit card business.  Now Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Craig Maurer - Caylon Securities
Craig Maurer - Caylon Securities: First I was hoping you could clarify your thoughts on credit losses and there’s so much noise in the actual rate I was hoping you could discuss what your thoughts are regarding the trend in actual dollar losses. 
Richard Fairbank :  I guess a quarter or two ago we got out of the business of giving forward guidance on dollar losses just because of all the uncertainty that is out there. That said the dollar losses have actually been coming in pretty consistent with our expectations. Basically what’s happening, with respect to our view of future credit losses, the economy is in many ways worsened a little more than our expectations and our own credit performance has actually come in a little bit better than expectation. So in some ways there are offsetting so our view of dollar losses has been pretty steady over time. The big thing we want to stress is that when you’re looking at loss rates which is what most of the cross calibration among players has in it that I think for a lot of players and even more so for Capital One the denominator effect is going to become actually possibly the most significant impact even in an environment where we still see credit worsening gradually over time. 
Craig Maurer - Caylon Securities: One of the differentiators of Capital One it seemed to me is your low exposure to C&I lending especially considering what the expectations are for that segment can you just discuss what your long-term thoughts are regarding exposure to commercial credit. 
Richard Fairbank : We have of the major banks in the United States we have the smallest percentage of our portfolio in commercial lending and I think probably a representative portion of that is in C&I lending. Our view is that commercial in the long run is a good diversifier relative to our, the flipside of our small exposure in the commercial is of course a larger than most other banks exposure on the consumer side.  So long run we think that a very conservatively managed commercial business both C&I and local commercial real estate will I think lower the overall charge-off rate of the company and be an important form of diversification. That said we’re not in any rush to get to that destination. Our commercial lending business is generally flat these days with respect to loans, our loan volumes even as on the consumer side leveraging the inherent sort of faster run off that happens in the consumer side we in fact have been shrinking. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Unspecified Analyst – Ladenburg FSG
Unspecified Analyst – Ladenburg FSG: It sounds like some of the early stage delinquency improvement that you have noted and others have noted as well, it sounds like you’re not predicting that that will translate into much in the way of improvement in the charge-offs at least over the foreseeable future, could you talk about why that would be, is it because those early stage improvements are driven by factors other than improving underlying credit. 
Richard Fairbank : Yes, so when we talk about early stage delinquencies, let me make a few points here first of all kind of the conventional wisdom of how credit works in a card business is consumers enter the first stage of delinquency and then of course make their way through the six buckets to charge-offs and when there is in improvement it will show up in lower entry into these buckets and that will six months later make its way into lower charge-offs.  The by far the most important relative to that conventional view that we have seen in this downturn and continued to see it in the second quarter was the entry into the first bucket of delinquency, that’s the bucket that you don’t even see in the 30 plus delinquency. That is strikingly the rate of entry into that bucket is strikingly down. For example at Capital One the proportion of our card holders entering that first bucket relative to a year ago is actually down like 11%. And that’s certainly, this is the phenomenon we think of sort of changed behavior by consumers that the people who have the means to do it I think are just being extra careful to avoid going into delinquency to avoid going over limit and other things as well and that’s had the revenue impacts we talk about.  So up until this last quarter we saw the very stubborn effect of very low flow into the first bucket and then frankly degrading flow across the rest of the buckets and so even as the first the roll rate with respect to the first bucket was declining all the other roll rates were rising and this is this phenomenon we talked about the increasing slope of the roll rate curve which created a sour spot of fewer revenues and worse charge-offs.  The only thing that I do want to flag here is that in portions of the card business there is a small and again I say a small effect where we’ve now seen some benefits of the early buckets making their way through the next couple of buckets. This is a small effect. We don’t think it indicates any really important green shoots in the credit performance of consumers but at least relative to the alternative it’s a slight positive.  But mostly I think what the second quarter is about is really about seasonal benefits, I think some benefits from the stimulus direct cash to consumers’ pocket stimulus and collectively a slightly better than expected credit performance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: I was if you could just talk a little bit about the card act, you mentioned some early implementation that may happen this year, just talk a little bit about that and then sort of more broadly it seems like the biggest impact at least immediately to Capital One is the over limit fee opt in, can you talk about some of your strategies there to offset that. How aggressive will you be in trying to get consumers to opt in, do you have any pricing strategies that may offset that, care you quantify your limits. 
Richard Fairbank : The card law of course all the conversation everybody has about the card law is sort of the policy impact. Behind that the not very extensively talked about thing is just the breathtaking kind of logistics and executional challenges associated with just such a comprehensive set of changes. There are for Capital One about 200,000 IT hours that we’re going to need to put in to achieve compliance on things like statement design, delivery date, things like this.  There are massive changes in communications with customers, statements to account in recoveries, and so these costs are many tens of millions for Capital One but of course other than a lot of hard work by very talented people that’s something that we certainly expect to do. With respect to on the policy side, as we have said we believe we are less effected from the vast majority of the things that are in the card legislation because of our lower credit lines we do think there’s more impact on us on the over limit side.  But I think that what we would expect there, even that impact is moderating because ironically the whole phenomenon of changed behaviors that we’re seeing during this recession actually lowers the size of the impact sort of ironically on Capital One. But with respect to over limits we’re extensively conducting testing right now on OL opt in. I think its our expectation where the industry is probably going to go is probably some blend of lower fees and that will help achieve higher opt in rates.  So we’re still testing it and we’ll go from there. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company: As I look back at Capital One’s success in the card business it seems to me that a lot of your success has been using a very steep slope on the risk based pricing. You were able to offer really aggressive rates and sort of invented the whole super prime segment by forecasting which customers would not only experience good credit trends but if they got into trouble you had the ability to reprice so you could offer the 4 9 fixed rate card back in 2003 or 2004 and in the sub prime business you had a very low price up front in sub prime at 12.9 I think was a prevailing offer, that’s kind of changed with the new law. The price based strategy that you were so good at over the years I think really becomes a challenge now and my thinking is maybe that Cap One in the card business may benefit from a level playing field but also without the ability to reprice it seems like you just joined the rest of the pack and have to offer more prime like offers, more middle of the pack type rates. What do you think about that. 
Richard Fairbank : I think that I’d probably take the precise opposite of the description that you make. I would point to the difference between the 90’s and the 2000’s, those decades. In the 90’s Capital One came out with very aggressive pricing to an industry that had pretty entrenched higher pricing. We differentiated ourselves on very careful underwriting repricing, well in that decade and this decade has not been about something that you do to consumers soon after you book them but rather something that one saves for extreme circumstances like the economic shock that we’re going through.  So what you described that was the characterization of this decade has been the exact thing that has troubled us with respect to the competitive environment. Using very low prices not so much driven by very discriminating underwriting but rather low prices that come from being able to have such steep slope of in many cases almost immediate a trigger based repricing and that enables players to, it doesn’t put such a premium on up front underwriting, its more about just marketing these kind of products.  This is where for years you’ve seen in our vocal conversations to everyone who will listen we have been so concerned about the impact on the industry, on consumers, and on in a sense the sustainability of franchises in the context of this. What I am saying is going to happen going forward is a return more I think get your head around the way the 90’s was without the rapid industry growth in credit cards that corresponded with the 90’s.  But it was about up front underwriting if you were going to go for it with an aggressive price you really needed to back it up with solid underwriting and to your comment that there will be no repricing in the future, I want to clarify there, its not that there will be no repricing, there will be no retroactive repricing of existing balances. The law is explicit about allowing forward repricing for new balances so the impact of any repricing that happens in the future would be something that would play out over a much longer period of time. And when I talk about resilience vis-a-vie repricing therefore what I’ve said is is one is counting on repricing to lead to significant revenue impacts right when a shock to the system comes, forward repricing the new form of repricing post this legislation that is going to have fairly muted impact. And this is going to get back to I think a really good healthy competitive business the way it was in the 90’s and we are really looking forward to it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Wharton - JPMorgan
Steven Wharton - JPMorgan: I just wanted to follow-up on the allowance in the US card business, so based on your revised unemployment forecast factoring in the elements you mentioned in the third and the fourth quarter from the OCC changes and such, I guess your basically telling us the charge-off rate is going to go up north of 10% US card and I just want to make sure that the allowance that you’ve established today and it actually went down a little bit of course sequentially factors in that higher loss outlook. 
Gary Perlin : You have obviously heard us correctly with respect to our outlook and let me just remind you the decrease in the allowance with respect to the card business is entirely driven by volume. So if our loan balances had stayed the same we would have been building allowance in order to improve our coverage ratios. And just take a look at the increase in coverage ratios both in, particularly with respect to delinquencies, it does actually comport with the notion of higher losses in the quarters to come.  But again its all about the volume in terms of this quarter’s allowance release. Just take a look at the coverage ratios. 
Steven Wharton - JPMorgan: So the OCC law changes don’t have any impact on those delinquency rates. 
Gary Perlin : When we look out both at expected losses from delinquencies that are already going through the buckets and when we take a look at the back six months because again we allow for 12 months of expected losses we include in our loss forecasting losses from wherever they come including the effect of OCC [min] pay and I think Richard went through that in pretty good detail about how much of our expected losses are going to come from that but they will definitely be covered in the allowance. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group
Joe Mack - Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: I just had a quick question regarding your unused card commitments or your open to buy from the data you’ve put out we’ve seen that you’ve reduced your lines maybe a little bit less aggressively then some of your peers and I was wondering given the regulatory restrictions and the negative revisions in your economic outlook did that change how you look at your unused lines going forward.
Richard Fairbank : Yes I think the TARP disclosure data was actually very interesting with respect to open to buy Capital One was among the least, we restricted open to buy less than I think a lot of other players did. I think it’s a reflection more of the line setting strategy that we’ve had over time. General conservatism with respect to credit lines. And its also one thing that lowering lines doesn’t have the same beneficial effect on credit that not having them as high in the first place does.  So there’s some negative selection associated with doing it which is why we have been cautious but still we have done some line reduction. Do the new regulations, will that effect our view about our open to buy, I would say I don’t think it would be that material of an impact to us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach
Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach: The hardest thing to get our hands around has been the expected impact of 166, 167, if its being done at book value obviously you’ll have to put in the full 12 months of reserves, can you give us some sense of what sort of numbers we should be using to try to quantify that impact. 
Richard Fairbank : If you think its confusing for you, you should be sitting in our seat. These things keep changing as we go along. Listen regardless of how consolidation takes place under the new accounting guidelines the one thing that’s quite clear is you add to the denominator all of the off balance sheet assets which we show in our managed financial reports and which we include in our TCE ratio. When it comes to the numerator, you’re right, if you bring it back at book value then you do have to post an allowance and that allowance we believe as with the implementation of all new accounting standards would probably run through retained earnings rather than through the P&L. The size of that allowance is something that will be based on our outlook at the time and the size of the book at the time. I’m sure just taking a look at our current book of securitized assets and our current coverage ratio you can calculate what that would be but again we’re talking about how much of our current retained earnings would migrate through the income statement and the balance sheet into allowance. It will still be there, it’ll just be in a different place. Now whether or not these assets will come back on balance sheet at book value, is something that we are still studying.  Issuers have the option to elect either book value or fair value. FAS B has come out recently with some new statements that suggests that all loans may be moving towards fair value with valuation adjustments going through other comprehensive income so exactly where we’re going to be when we get to the implementation date, kind of hard to say but you’ve got it right when it comes to the book value approach. 
Henry Coffey - Sterne Agee & Leach: One of your competitors actually disclosed the expected impact based on book value, are you likely going to be doing the same think in your 10-Q. 
Richard Fairbank : No, again I think if you want to calculate what the impact would be I think you can do it with the information that we give you. I just remind you that GAAP does not lead you to do that today but its going to be based on balances at the time of implementation and will also be based on the election that the issuer makes. But we’ll be sure when the time comes to give you full and complete disclosure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: I wanted to go back to the question that related to the issue of how you’ll fair long-term from a competitive standpoint under the new environment and looking at your slide 13 wouldn’t another interpretation of the industry behavior there just be that the industry was willing to take sub par returns in the hopes of getting them at a later date and I guess its not clear to my why you wouldn’t assume that same sort of behavior would persist in an environment under the new legislation once the banking industry had a little bit healthier earning stream particularly when you think about the fact that most of your big competitor in the business have cards 15% to 20% of their earnings as opposed to some significantly larger number. 
Richard Fairbank : Its certainly, it’s a great question because one of the things that I’ve certainly learned over the years about lending its not just about what we think about a business the attractiveness is so driven by the behavior of competitors. I actually believe that our competitors have been mostly economically rational over the last decade. I think that frankly a lot of the irrationality I saw in the last 20 years in the card business related to smaller players who ended up flaming out.  I think the generally our card competitors are fairly sophisticated, I think they view their card business as a very important part of the franchise but as you say also their whole company doesn’t depend on it. But I think, our issue with what has happened over the last 10 years is less about the economics of doing what has been going on its really about the impact on the franchise and the customer franchise.  And I think actually if you look at the returns of the card business our competitors’ card business until this very, very severe downturn during a lot of this period of time they’ve made quite decent returns. So I don’t want to get too far on the other side of your argument because I worry greatly about how the industry will respond here and I think the, a very important indicator is to look at what happens to go to rates.  Because in a world where repricing cannot be something that sort of happens overnight kind of thing and any repricing would be in the form of very muted and ultimately forward repricing, the go to rate becomes a very, very important destination in a way that it really used to be in the 90’s and wasn’t necessarily during this period of time. And if we look at the great work that you did that we always with great interest look at your analysis of the mail monitor data that comes in one thing I immediately go look at is what’s happening to go to rates and they, go to rates from your own analysis here if I can read your analysis back to you, the go to purchase APR has been generally over the last maybe since sort of late last year its gone from 11.5 to 12.40 so its gone up about 90 basis points but if you adjust for prime sort of go to minus prime, has actually gone up from about 7% to about 9.15. So the sort of effective economic price in the card business as reflected in go to rates is slowly going up. Its certainly not in my opinion hasn’t arrived at a destination that would I think cover the risk of this business but I think that will be a key indicator to look for. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Just a follow-up to Steve Wharton’s question, so the decline in the provision is due to volume, are you saying that loan’s outstanding in the card business will continue to fall and then a follow-up question would be same methodology to local banking and auto, in other words are you expecting, it looks like from the managed balance sheet statistics you had a pretty sharp drop in total assets at the very end of the quarter so should we model continued decline in assets, you both speak very quickly, I can’t write as fast as you speak, you might have covered it but in terms of getting a handle on the allowance connection to where you go with total assets given that you said the important thing will be the denominator effect. 
Gary Perlin : Let’s start with the card allowance and the dynamics there and then talk a little bit about the likely trend of loan balances going forward. So within the card book we had a kind of a steady level of decline in reported balances over the course of the quarter with coverage ratios about stable relative to loans going up relative to delinquencies. All in all the lower level of balances leads to an allowance release but let me be very clear that there is not factor in the allowance for an expectation of what balances will do in the future.  So this is not a change in our outlook for the future, it is simply the recognized decline in the balances to date on a reported basis so that’s what’s going in on the card book right now. Again for the rest of the allowance remember there was a build of about $60, $65 million in the bank. Most of that is commercial, that’s largely raising the level of coverage ratio that’s not really being driven by volume and that was more or less offset by the decline in the auto allowance which was really a combination of both better credit and therefore lower coverage ratios as well as lower volumes.  Now going forward looking at loan balances overall, and Richard mentioned a couple of these items, but just to kind of remember, when you take a look at some natural run off in our portfolio, our installment loan business we’re not originating there. Those are rolling off at about a billion dollars every quarter, you see that in the US card segment. Auto loans given our current level of originations versus how much amortization we have, those are declining anywhere between sort of $700, $800 million a quarter.  If you take a look at the residential mortgage holdings in our local banking segment, those are legacy loans, very well seasoned, mostly brought on from Northfork, those balances are running off at more or less $500, $600 million a quarter. So you’ve got the effect of those three businesses, just give you a starting point which is well over $2 billion of shrinkage during the quarter and then in card, because of the factors that Richard and I both talked to which is the impact of lower loan demand, the impact of just higher charge-offs, there are a number of factors that are causing a shrinkage in card loans which is more of a cyclical factor rather than a secular factor having to do with our choice about whether to be in or out of a business and to what extent.  So we start off with shrinkage and then on top of that certainly in the current economic situation we’d expect to see card balances continue to shrink. And so you can expect to see that going forward wherever we happen to be at the end of the quarter is going to drive our allowance but the allowance in and of itself at any given point in time is not looking forward to what future balances may be. 
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: And was the local banking, was that the rationale for local banking provisioning dropping as well, that the loan balance dropped at the end of the quarter. 
Gary Perlin : No, again the provisioning was lower in the second quarter than it was in the first quarter but there was still a build in the second quarter even though volume didn’t go up. So effectively what you had in the second quarter in the banking segment was simply a reflection of the degrading credit environment particularly in commercial. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Not to retread on the topic of the card act, but one question I have about the industry as you go forward and the repricing or the ability and flexibility with regards to manage a customer, certainly its going to be limited for a card, does that give rebirth to the installment lending business something that you’ve been in and out of over the life of Capital One by virtue of the fact that the product itself in installment loans defines the terms and is more programmatic in its features relative to a credit card where it seems that the consumer has a lot more of the choice rather than the lender. 
Richard Fairbank : Its an interesting question, count me skeptical on this causing that much of a change vis-a-vie the installment loan business. The credit card is a remarkable product that, I’ve always loved for so many years and what I like about it, mostly persists here but the fact that there is a transaction product and a borrowing product wrapped into a single product is a very special and unique utility for a customer.  The ability to manage that product on a continuing basis is still largely in tact after the card act because a lot of the management relates to dynamic line management and there is also just the ability to do many customized offers and to take advantage of the continued rich information that we see with the customer and therefore to dynamically respond to that. And the repricing is now going to be constrained to more to forward repricing but that’s okay so long as you’re not counting on a very immediate revenue change in the event of a shock to the system like a downturn.  Installment loans and we’re living it right now, installment loans you just sit there and watch, its like watching paint dry because there’s really not much you can do about it. They entire product is sort of frozen and in fact the relationship with the customer is mostly not there. So I think the credit card will continue to be a fabulous cornerstone product and frankly if I look around our company where we have the best businesses is where there’s the intersection of transactional business and broader financial opportunities. That’s in credit cards, that’s in the checking account relationships with the consumer and its in the cash management and broader commercial relationships that we enjoy. And you look wherever you see cornerstone gateway transactional relationships you tend to see that’s where a lot of the exceptional returns in banking are. 
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: My follow-up question has to do with operating leverage from here, it seems like if you ex out some of the bank where you saw a lot of improvement was in the non interest expense in US card. Where should we think about operating leverage from here for the business. Clearly the balance sheet will continue to shrink, how should we think about it on a dollars versus a relative proportion to balances on the whole as well as specifically in US card. 
Gary Perlin : Its hard to pinpoint exactly where the operating leverage is going to go. Some of the decline in operating expenses in the card business are simply going to be a reduction in variable costs especially when volume is down. But there’s some real improvements in efficiency in that business as well which we’ve seen kind of play through as you’ve seen and we expect we’re going to see it there.  On the banking side again we’ve had a certainly a higher efficiency ratio then in our card business although its much closer in line with other banks. We are going through still today a rather significant amount of integration. We are going to be integrating Chevy Chase Bank. We’re just kind of through the integration of our other banks and we’re really trying to make sure that we have a truly sustainable and scalable banking model for the long run.  We didn’t inherit that from any one of our banks because none of them was as big as we are now so we got a little catching up to do and I think we’ve got some investments there to make to make sure we can serve our customers and build bigger scale.  I think operating leverage is going to be an important part of value delivery from Capital One over time. I think you’re going to see it at different paces in our different business lines but I think if you take a look at where we’ve come over the course of the last couple of years and our commitment to continue going there, I think you will see operating efficiency as an important hallmark of where we go over the long run. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan
Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan: I guess my main question is just kind of more strategic long-term, looking at the balance sheet and the securities portfolio that continues to grow and you mentioned lower loan demand and the fact that you’re going to be shrinking the credit card portfolio pretty aggressively in the back half of this year, what should we think about 2010, 2011 looking out in terms of where you expect asset growth to really come from and this kind of ties in, the card act and how you think about competition going forward for I guess those borrower dollars as everybody kind of moves up the credit curve. Really is Capital One going to look much more like a regional bank, [inaudible] sized credit card company or do you expect that to come back in time. 
Richard Fairbank : I think that Capital One is going to look like it does now. The defining thing will be when the economy turns so until the economy turns what you’ll see at Capital One because we take from an origination point of view we look at the economy and you know how bearish we get on things like that and then for our underwriting we overlay worse, a lot more worsening on top of the economy that’s already worsening so you’ll see generally continued shrinkage across our consumer businesses.  You won’t see that on the banking side because they don’t lend themselves to on the bank commercial side it doesn’t really lend itself to shrinking and the interesting phenomenon here is that this shrinking is just another element in the resilience of a thing like the credit card business and it helps preserve capital and so on. But so that is, from now until kind of the inflection point, that’s the world that you’ll see at Capital One. I believe that the best part of the credit cycle based on a lot of experience, experience being on the back side of the last two recessions, I think the best part comes from that inflection point for a fairly extended period out after that where you have the competitive supply has been the most reduced, you kind of hit an inflection where from a consumer point of view, adverse selection that tends to dominate the credit performance as you’re sliding down in the cycle tends to flip over to relatively more positive selection.  Credit people have taken over every institution in a sense so it is the most conservative time. In this case you also have the overlay of a huge amount of investment by the country in addressing the practices that otherwise would haunt us about growing more aggressively in something like the card business so I think that a lot of planets are going to align at that time. Now to take advantage of it we’ve got to make sure we got on the wheels on the bus, that we’re not in a capital deficit kind of situation that we’re frankly robustly prepared to take advantage of it and a lot of our focus right now is just making sure that the company weathers this storm very sure footedly, so that we can be in a position to take advantage of this on the other side. I’m pretty optimistic about that. I think we all should take Moshe’s challenge to heart though. There is so much of a change in the US card business that how the competitors and the timing with which the competition adjusts to the kind of new pricing levels for new originations will also I think have a sizable impact.  But the destination for Capital One I think is Capital One is going to be a successful, significant local banking business in combinations of local markets but powered by a national credit card business that I think will allow us to generate exceptional returns and that’s been our model for a long time and I think its going to be on display on the other side of this downturn. 
Gary Perlin : Just adding on to that for a second, thinking about it a little more short-term I think our securities investment portfolio is unlikely to grow dramatically from where its at. We’re very comfortable with where we are right now. Maybe the opportunities won’t be quite as compelling as we’ve seen in the past but with a contraction in loan balances I think what you might see is the investment portfolio staying more or less perhaps loan balances going down and so the percentage of the balance sheet that’s in the investment portfolio might go up for a short period of time but again the investment portfolio is there as Richard just said to make sure that we have the capital and funding to flip over to loans when that opportunity comes.  So I think you might expect that over the next period of time. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: On the delinquency terms, I guess the seasonal impact is quantifiable, have you run any tests on the stimulus impact to help us understand the way we measure it it was about 20 basis points better this quarter then you would expect seasonally roughly for you and the industry so of that 20 basis points how much may have come from the stimulus and how much just might be the consumer getting a little better. 
Richard Fairbank : We have done a lot of analysis of the impact of stimulus on credit behavior. The way we have done this is to go back to prior times where things like cash rebates where it was identifiable as to what consumers got it at what time. And what we have done is to, we have gone back and traced the stimulus’s that were given by month and we can absolutely visibly see an effect on consumer delinquencies and that effect actually makes its way through to charge-offs.  Its also an effect that not surprisingly sort of goes away after the stimulus goes away. So what, with the stimulus that is going on right now, it is not identifiable as clearly per customer so we’re more extrapolating from the old effects where we had better data to sort of now magnitude. So for example in the first half of this year direct government payments to consumers including tax refunds, social security checks, things like that were about $140 billion higher than for the same period in 2008. And when we then kind of estimate the size of that impact compared to prior stimulus checks we believe that there, that an important part of what seems to be better about credit right now is attributable to this. There’s a lot of estimation involved here but its one thing that gives us caution about kind of declaring a turn or even really the full kind of leveling off of things.  So I think that we should all be cautious about that. There’s another effect also going on right now that’s not government stimulus but it’s the equivalent of that with respect to consumers which is what’s happening with respect to energy prices versus like a year ago. Now the government stimulus which was $140 billion over the prior period for the first half of the year, for the second half we calculate that’s going to be around $100 billion higher.  So this stimulus is going to last. Even if it is the case that the stimulus is causing a good part of this better than expected performance this is still real in the sense it will make its way into charge-offs. It just may not herald quite as significant a turn in the economy as people might otherwise think.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: There’s been a lot of questions about the long-term and obviously the card act is important but just in the near-term provision dollars are down two quarters in a row, revenue is inflected, the balances are shrinking but you sound pretty bullish on the revenue margin, the preferred dividend is going away, isn’t there some room for optimism about the relative change of near-term net income results or what am I missing in that equation. 
Gary Perlin : You’ve got to fill in all the blanks and you’ve got, certainly you’ve got clarity on the what’s going away in terms of some of the coupon payments but I think that you also have to keep in mind that while provision expense was positively impacted by the allowance release this quarter net charge-offs went up and seasonally we should expect to, that we’re not going to get much relief on that score certainly with where we are in the year and where we are in the cycle. Richard talked about some of the challenges in terms of a fee so I think when you put it all together we think our results are reflective of a combination of what you’re seeing in the economy along with the actions that we’ve taken taking advantage certainly of the lower rates and improving our funding costs. We think that’s going to stick around for awhile. Richard talked about the overall margins in the business but the counter veiling factor there will be volume.  So just a lot of offsetting factors. This is a very difficult time to call the future. Probably feels a little better than last year in terms of direction where everything kind of seemed to be pointing down. Now that we’re down, we got arrows pointing all sorts of different ways but we feel confident that we can manage through it with all the tools that we have at our hands. 
Richard Fairbank : I think that there’s certainly a number of things that are going on that we feel very good about. Just to put a few cautionary comments in here, the worsening of unemployment and to a small extent HPA as well, that is worsening faster than ours and many people’s expectations and frankly the credit performance that we’ve observing at Capital One is a little bit at odds with the pretty breathtaking amount of degradation that’s actually occurred in some of the economic variables.  And so for one thing that suggests that there’s more than unusual uncertainty. I’ve always said also that its very clear that unemployment and credit performance are very correlated whether you’re looking at past downturns or whether you’re looking cross sectionally across MSAs with respect to this downturn. What didn’t matter for most of the ride but now starts to matter quite a bit more is actually the timing of which comes first in a sense, a credit turn or an unemployment turn.  And one possible explanation for better credit performance then would be warranted by the economic numbers could be some indication that consumers with their own credit behavior actually front run potentially lagging indicators like unemployment. So those are some thoughts we have on both sides of that discussion. The other thing I’m starting to increasingly believe is even as it becomes more plausible that we’re getting near a peak I think in some ways a lot of the government actions and things that have happened in this economy may have traded magnitude for length and I’m getting a growing belief that we may be looking at extended, even as we reach a peak sort of extended challenges.  So to the extent that we don’t have a peak prior bad recessions have had a sharp peak followed by a sharp decline in unemployment. This may be more of a plateau and that would create obviously a pretty sluggish recovery for all of us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods
Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: As it relates to the reserves is there any reason why securitized loans would decline with declining balances this year. 
Gary Perlin : Again what you saw, let’s just take a look at what happened in the second quarter which was we had about $4 billion worth of securitizations maturing. We rolled those $4 billion either through public issues or conduits but the overall volume in the business went down so there was a higher percentage of our book was securitized but I think the big driver of where we’re going to end up is really going to be a result of what happens in terms of just the managed loan volume itself.
Sanjay Sakjrani - Keefe Bruyette & Woods: And then on the trusts, we’ve been looking at the excess spreads [degradate], and one of the questions I wonder is do you anticipate providing subordination like your peers have and the only reason I ask is because of the implications to write cap ratios. 
Gary Perlin : We’re a very long standing and active participant in the capital markets. We’re an issuer of fixed income securities, we’re also a big investor securities so whenever there are either downgrades or threats of downgrades including those that we don’t agree with, we take it pretty seriously especially if that causes investors to take a loss, realized or unrealized and even when we’re fully confident the securities will be money good as we are.  So I’d say right now that although the excess spread in our trust has come down, somewhat and we dipped just below that 4.5% three month average level at which we start to trap a little cash which we now have, the strong actions that Richard described about what we’re doing in our business, improving revenue margins, aggressive loss mitigation efforts, they’re designed to bolster the performance of the trust and for now we’re going to wait and see how those things kind of play through.  Remember we just issued $1.5 billion of new [inaudible] AAA card back securities in the quarter at spreads in the very low 100 ranges, hundreds of basis points inside of where secondary paper was just a few months ago. As you say pretty obvious to us that other issuers with less robust performance and less structural enhancement in their securities has stepped in to provide additional support to their trusts and now we’re seeing that those moves may not even prove sustainable in terms of assuring a particular ratings outcome.  Well I’d rather not speculate on the specific motives of issuers who have taken extraordinary actions with respect to their trust, in general I assume they were concerned with liquidity or the strength of their balance sheets which caused them to step in and those are things around which we have a great deal of confidence. And we’ll maintain the strength of our balance sheet, we’ll watch how our business performs, how our securities perform, we’ll see how the world changes, when we get consolidation of asset backs and in the meantime we’ll continue to take whatever steps we feel are appropriate in light of market developments.  We’ll be aware of what others are doing but we’ll do what’s best for all of our stakeholders. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Bruce - Banc of America
Ken Bruce - Banc of America: We’ve had somewhat of an ongoing dialogue as to the performance of credit cards relative to other assets and we continue to see mortgage related assets in particular deteriorate and I was wondering if you had any update to any analysis that you performed where your customers are making choice decisions to pay back credit card relative to other debts. 
Richard Fairbank : Yes, we have, for example we have told you over time about our examination of our card holders who are 90 plus days delinquent on their credit cards and what’s happening with respect to them, typically we have found the somewhat striking finding that about two thirds of our US card customers who were so delinquent on their mortgages remained current on their credit cards.  As of May the last time I looked at this this figure was 72% so the, it may be less of a comment about how much people are really holding up on their card payments as much as it is on how they’re not holding up on their mortgage payment but we certainly have seen that. I think we’ve seen inferential evidence that auto in the payment hierarchy has done pretty well as I often joke, people still have to drive to their job interviews but we have seen some behavior that has really been quite striking. It is almost the reverse of this steepening slope of roll rates that we have in the card business where consumers seem to be so earnest to try to do anything they can to pay back their card debts that we’ve actually seen some fairly positive things happening that we infer are telling us something about the payment hierarchy on the, with respect to auto.  The other thing I would say is that we always also track what is the performance of overall on a credit business the relationship between mortgage holders and non mortgage holders overall and there has been a very sizable gap for years to the positive with respect to mortgage holders. That gap still exists but that gap continues to close so that it is actually plausible for credit cards overall that actually these things are going to touch each other by the time we get to the end of this downturn. And that gap is steadily closing over the last, and continuing over the last six months. So what a lot of this says to me is just the pressures from mortgage are just extraordinary. Consumers knowing that their options for other debt like auto and credit cards are not going to be very plentiful, are really doing everything that they can to pay their debt and if you then kind of go back to the prior commentary about the stimulus effect and the possibly slightly better than expected credit performance these days that we’re seeing, I think it could be a manifestation of consumers in their choice with their lives, they’re really tightening up, increasing savings rates, doing a lot of things to be very, very careful and a beneficiary, a modest beneficiary of this has been the providers of unsecured and auto loans. 
Ken Bruce - Banc of America: And I think the last time we spoke the, you might have felt a little bit more optimistic in terms of getting to an inflection point in one of the inflection points in the auto business are you able to confirm that at this point or how do you feel generally speaking in terms of your ability to grow in the auto side. It sounds pretty clearly that the credit card is probably still a [persona non grata] in terms of growth. 
Richard Fairbank : I think the auto business is certainly is, and to any of us to who look at it and I’m sure to you as an investor, it sort of continues to provide pleasant surprises to us. In some ways its partly I think because everything that could go wrong in auto has kind of gone wrong and so particularly with respect to probably the biggest single driver of why auto, the industry I think has done better lately is just the substantial rise in used car prices after all the crashes, the massive decline in the past.  So the, we are benefited at Capital One by very, very good performance in our post 2007 vintages where we really pulled back to the highest ground and did the restructuring of auto that we’ve talked about. So and the other benefit auto has and frankly so does credit card but maybe just a little stronger in auto is the revenue benefit that comes from so many competitor exits.  So as we look at an inflection point its not just about when is the economy turning, its really when do the economics of a particular business turn where the, in looking at the economy, vintage results, the positive or negative selection that one is getting with respect to applicants, competitive environment and pricing. So this is an individual analysis. We’re not ready to declare that yet in auto but its probably the one that has, shows a bit more promise there. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.: Obviously with two calls going on I don’t think somebody asked this question but did you give any color on the level of over limit fees that you currently are generating and what you feel the effect of the legislation would be on that. 
Richard Fairbank : Yes we talked a bit about it before but we don’t give out that segmentation of revenue data but the level of over limit fees has actually been declining solidly through this cycle, whether that’s permanent or temporary I don’t know and may be slightly academic but just as consumers have been a lot more careful with their management of their credit we’re doing a lot of testing of over limit opt in and things like that.  Certainly there will be some impact on Capital One with respect to our over limit revenue but I think overall what is really happening in the business is a redistribution of where revenue comes from and more and more away from penalty fees and more toward APRs and in some cases annual fees and so I think to us we’re more focused on the net effect of the redistribution of revenue in the near-term and the longer-term and I think we feel quite bullish about that. 
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffrey & Co.: American Express is talking about charge-offs declining in the back half of the year, I think they’re the first ones to say that and is that, do you think, are you seeing better performance out of California and Florida, why do you think they’re charge-offs are declining and your are not. You both have similar denominator effects. 
Richard Fairbank : I can’t speak for American Express. We have the very substantial OCC minimum payment effect that we itemized in the early part of this call that it will be a third quarter effect but additionally we have in our reported card business we also have our installment loan business that’s in pure run off mode and that also, that plus continuing declines in the size of the card business are causing a substantial denominator effect. So we’re not even close to having credit, and also you have seasonality which makes losses higher in the second half of the year. So we’re not, its not even a close call as to whether the collective impact of those effects is going to offset by such dramatically improving credit that you’d actually have the loss rate go down.  So you can expect our loss rate to be going up. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call tonight and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good evening.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Managing VP, IR Rich Fairbank - Chairman, President and CEO Gary Perlin - CFO and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Craig Maurer - CLSA David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan Don Fandetti - Citi Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Bill Carcache - Fox-Pitt Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Richard Shane - Jefferies & Company Ken Bruce - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch  
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Capital One First Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). Thank you.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Jamie and welcome everyone to Capital One’s first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at CapitalOne.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2009 results. With me today are Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on investors then click on quarterly earnings release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section titled 'forward-looking information' in the earnings release presentation and the risk factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  Now I will turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Rich Fairbank: Thank you, Jeff. And good evening everyone. I will begin on slide 3. Capital One posted a net loss from operations of $87 million or a negative $0.39 per share. Total company net loss for the quarter was $112 million or negative $0.45 per share. Continuing economic deterioration through the first quarter was the biggest driver of our quarterly result. While first quarter and near-term results remain under significant pressure at this point in the cycle. We continue to make tough decisions and take the actions that we believe will put our company in the best possible position to weather the storm and create shareholder value over the cycle.  The results we are reporting today reflect the decisions and actions we took in the first quarter. Charge-offs increased across our lending businesses with exception of our auto finance business. I will discuss credit performance in just a moment.  In the first quarter, we took several actions to further fortify the company and build future earnings power. For example, we continued to increase our capacity to absorb future credit losses by adding a $124 million to our allowance for loan losses increasing our coverage ratio to 4.8%. We made choices to ship the mix of the earnings assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. We made these choices to further strengthen our position to weather the storm and to create sources of long-term value, but these choices also impacted revenues, margins and balance sheet metrics in the quarter.  We added $14 billion in deposits with our acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank. With strong and growing access to local banking deposits; we were able to increase our funding from core deposits and allow higher cost wholesale deposits to run off as they matured in the quarter. The combination of adding Chevy Chase deposits and optimizing across our deposit channels resulted in net deposit growth of about $12 billion to $121 billion at the end of the quarter. We saw unprecedented opportunities to generate revenues by purchasing investment securities at attractive levels. So we grew our portfolio of high quality investment securities to $36 billion. And we originated billions of dollars in new loans while maintaining disciplined underwriting standard. Loan originations were more than offset by falling purchase volumes and loan demand by the run-off of loans related to businesses we repositioned or exceeded several quarters ago, as well as by normal attrition and of course by rising charge-offs. Our loan-to-deposit ratio has improved from 1.7 to 1 a year ago to 1.2 to 1 at the end of the first quarter.  First quarter pre-provision, pre-tax earnings were relatively stable compared to the fourth quarter at 2008. Revenue declined due to a combination of factors related to the weakening economy and choices we made about the mix of our loans and earnings assets. Revenue declines were mostly offset by improvements in non-interest expense that resulted primarily from our actions to improve operating efficiency and because we saw limited opportunities for new marketing in the current environment.  Against the back drop of economic worsening and volatile markets, our strong and transparent balance sheet remains a source of strength in these turbulent times. Despite higher charge-offs, further additions to our allowance and the completion of our acquisition of Chevy Chase Bank, our tangible common equity to total managed assets or TCE ratio at the end of the first quarter was 4.8%, an improvement of 20 basis points from a pro-forma level of 4.6% at the end of last year, but the strength of our balance sheet is not just about weathering the storm, we also expect our balance sheet to generate shareholder value as we emerge from the storm. Our balance sheet can contribute to higher margins over the time as capital markets funding and wholesale deposits mature and we replace them with lower costs, local banking deposits. And when the cycle eventually turns and opportunities for profitable and resilient loan growth emerge, we will be able to grow loans without the need to raise additional capital by rotating our earning assets from investment securities back into new loan growth.  I will discuss credit performance and the profitability of our businesses on slide 4. Economic deterioration continued at a rapid pace during the first quarter driving increasing delinquency and charge-off rates across most of our lending businesses. US card charge-off rate increased to 8.4% for the first quarter above the 8.1% charge-off rate expectation we articulated a quarter ago. Expected seasonal increases in bankruptcies and declining loan balances resulted in higher charge-off rates compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. The increase in charge-off rates beyond our expectations resulted from several factors related to the pace of economic deterioration in the quarter. Bankruptcies were higher than expected increasing charge-offs directly without impacting delinquency rates.  Recoveries on already charged-off debt were lower than expected. We also observed an acceleration of later stage delinquency balances flowing to charge-off in the quarter. For context, recall that when we articulated our expectations last January, the unemployment rate was 7.2% and we assumed it would increase to about 8.7% by the end of 2009. The unemployment rate has already deteriorated to 8.5% and is expected to move beyond 8.7% well before year-end.  Even though our US card charge-off rate was higher than the expectation we had last quarter, delinquencies in charge-offs were a bit better than we would have expected given the actual economic worsening we have seen in the quarter.  Our US card business posted just over $2 million in profits in the first quarter. Profits of about $50 million in our revolving card businesses were mostly offset by a $48 million net loss in the installment loan businesses.  As we discussed last quarter, our US card business includes about $11 billion in installment loan. Installment loan performance has been significantly worse than that of our credit card businesses. We essentially stopped originating installments loans late last year, so the portfolio will continue to shrink as the outstanding loans amortize. We expect the drag on US card profits to continue as the installment loans continue to run off. We expect further increases in US card charge-off rates through 2009 as the economy continues to weaken. It is likely that our US card charge-off rate will increase at a faster pace than the broader economy as a result of the denominator effect and our implementation of OCC minimum payment requirements. While many credit card issuers will see declining loan balances in the current environment. We expect that our denominator will decline even more than the industry as a result of installment loans running off. While installment loans account for just 15% of US card loan balances, we expect that run off installment loan will drive about a third of the expected denominator effect. We expect the total denominator effect to increase second quarter charge off rate by about 50 basis points. As we have discussed in prior quarters, we are the only major credit card issuer implementing OCC minimum payment policies now as we were not regulated by the OCC when the policies were put in place several years ago in a wholly different credit environment. We have been analyzing test cell data to estimate the expected impacts of implementing OCC minimum payment policies. Based on three months of additional data and test cell results, the size of expected OCC minimum payment impacts has not changed although the expected timing has shifted a bit.  We had previously estimated that implementing OCC minimum payment policies could add 10 basis points to the US card charge-off rate in the first quarter and 50 basis points to the charge-off rate in subsequent quarters in 2009 before curing somewhat in 2010. We now expect the impact to be around 20 basis of charge-off increase in the second quarter, 80 basis points in the third quarter, and 50 basis points in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect some curing of the OCC minimum payment impact in 2010. Taken together, we expect denominator and OCC minimum payment effects will result in about 70 basis points from higher US card charge offs in the second quarter before any charge off rate increases from continuing economic deterioration. We expect monthly US card charge-off rate to cross 10% in the next couple of months. Credit trends in the international businesses reflect increasing economic deterioration in the UK and Canada. While the Canadian portfolio had been relatively stable for several quarters, the Canadian economy and credit trends began to show signs of weakness in the first quarter. We have been retrenching the UK business for some time now and we have been cautious in Canada in anticipation of the credit worsening that began in the first quarter. As a result, international loan volumes have been declining. The international businesses posted net income of $2 million in the first quarter. Auto finance credit trends improved in the first quarter driven by several factors. Charge offs and delinquencies exhibited expected seasonal improvements in the first quarter. Used car prices and recovery values have been improving for several months resulting in lower charge offs severity. Our investments in auto finance collections and recovery operations are paying off and our 2008 origination vintages continue to out-perform our expectations. We have been able to originate loans with lower LTVs to customers with higher FICO scores. At the same time we have been able to improve pricing and margins in the current competitive environment. As a result, we expect that the 2008 originations will yield adequate risk adjusted returns through cycle and their performance to date is tracking at or above our expectations. We realized improvements in charge off rates even though the denominator declined by more then $800 million as a result of our actions to retrench and reposition the auto business in late 2007. Capital One auto finance delivered net income of $71 million in the first quarter. Although the first quarter auto finance results are encouraging, we remain cautious. By definition, the seasonal elements to strong first quarter credit performance will not persist. So do not expect this level of profitability to read our run rate for the remainder of 2009. It is uncertain how long we will continue to benefit from rising used vehicle prices and recoveries and the continued strength of the economy in the auto industry creating increasing uncertainty about the near term result of the auto business. Local banking business, non-performing loans as a percentage of managed loans increased while charge off rates decreased in the quarter. The increase in non-performing loans percentages resulted from continuing economic stress in the metro New York City market and to a lesser degree in Louisiana and Texas. In our commercial portfolio, the increase in non-performing loans was concentrated in wholesale residential construction loans. Construction lending comprises only $2.4 billion and less than half of that is fore say residential construction. The rest of the commercial portfolio continues to perform relatively well. In the consumer portfolio, continuing economic pressures on the residential mortgages drove the increase in non-performing loans. The increase in non performing mortgage loans was exacerbated by our decision to suspend foreclosure actions in anticipation of the announcement of the administration’s mortgage modification program. The improvement in first quarter local banking charge off rate was driven by the fact that we took several sizeable charge offs related to specific loans in our construction portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2008 as well as the reduction in residential mortgage foreclosures I just mentioned. The local banking business posted a net loss of $36 million in the quarter. Provision expense remains elevated in the current economic environment and local banking revenues declined as a result of falling interest rates. While falling interest rates benefit loan margins, they hurt deposit margins because we can not reprised demand deposits that already pay no interest. These interest rate impact pressure revenues in our local banking business because it has nearly twice as many deposits as loans. Before moving on to loan deposit volumes, I will update our economic outlook. Unemployment and home prices have been and continue to be the economic variables with the greatest impact on our credit result. We now expect unemployment rate to increase to around 9.6% by the end of 2009. Our prior assumption for home prices was for the Case-Shiller 20 City Index to fall by around 37% peak to draw.  We now expect a modestly worse peak to drop decline of around 39%. Based on economic deterioration in the first quarter and recalibrated economic assumptions, we believe that managed charge off dollars in 2009 will be higher than the $8.6 billion outlook for 2009 that we articulated last quarter. We chosen not to specifically update our outlook for manages charge-offs given significant uncertainty in the economy. I will discuss loan and deposit volumes on slide 5.  While we originated several billion dollars of new loans and added $9.5 billion of Chevy Chase loans in the first quarter ending loan balances grew by only $3.4 billion. Several factors had a negative impact on ending loan balances in the first quarter. These factors include falling purchase volumes and loan demand, the run off of loans related to the businesses we repositioned or exceeded several quarters ago. Normal attrition and rising charge offs. Together these factors more than offset loan originations in the first quarter before the addition of Chevy Chase loans.  Consumers and businesses are behaving defensively and rationally in the current economic environment. For example, credit card purchase volumes fell by 14% from the fourth quarter of 2008 and 12% from the first quarter of 2008. Since credit card loan balances typically begin as purchases, defensive spending behavior effectively reduces credit card loan demand. Demand from credit worthy borrowers for other type of consumer and commercial loans was also weak in this first quarter. In 2009, we expect continuing weakness in loan demand from credit worthy customers as the customer behaviors we observed in the first quarter continue in the current economic environment. We also expect the other factors that offset first quarter originations will continue driving a decline in managed loans for the full year. We expect that the decline in earning assets will be more modest resulting in a mix shift from loans to high quality investment securities back by mortgage and consumer loan. Total deposits grew to $121 billion including the addition of $14 billion in Chevy Chase deposits. Deposits in our local banking business grew by $176 million. With declining loan balances in the addition of Chevy Chase’s deposits we shifted our local banking focus from growing deposits to optimizing our deposit strategy. We maintain disciplined pricing and focused our efforts on the deposit segment that drive the most profitable and enduring customer relationships. Continuing deposit growth opportunities across our local banking franchises now including Chevy Chase reduced our appetite for wholesale deposits. Maturing CDs resulted in a modest reduction in wholesale deposits in the quarter. Over the long term, we expect deposits to benefit earnings as maturing capital markets and wholesale deposit funding is replaced by lower cost local banking deposits. Slide 6, summarizes margin trends, revenue margins declined 62 basis points in the quarter to 8.03%. In turn falling revenue margin was the primary driver of the $221 million decline in revenues in the first quarter. Trends in US card revenues and revenue margin had the biggest impact on total company revenues. Credit and consumer behavior impact contributed to the decreasing revenue margin in our US card business. As I just mentioned, we see consumers behaving defensively in the current economic environment, spending less, exercising caution to avoid fees and working hard to remain current. While defensive consumer behavior is a benefit to credit performance all else equal, it also reduces fee revenues. Falling purchase volumes in the quarter reduced interchanged fee revenues. Early-stage delinquencies declined in the quarter as fewer borrowers moved from being current on their payments to the first delinquency buckets. The bucket we call 1 to 29 days late. As a result, we assess fewer late fees. We also observed a decline in the number of customer attempts to go over their credit limit. As a result, we assessed fewer over limit fee. While early-stage delinquencies improved in the quarter, later-stage delinquencies increased. And the rate at which delinquent customers flowed through to charge-off, accelerated in the quarter. With higher late-stage delinquencies the amount of finance charge and fee revenue deemed uncollectible increases, and we don't recognize revenue on finance charges and fees we don't expect to collect. So in the first quarter of 2009 build, but unrecognized fee revenue remained elevated at $540 million. This compares to $591 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and $408 million in the year-ago quarter. We first observed this phenomenon of a steeper flow rate curve and the resulting revenue drawn out during the first half of 2008. Deteriorating credit trends also drove the write-down of our retained interest in securitization trust. At the end of the first quarter, the remaining value of retained interest in our IO strip was down to just $13 million. We expect the first quarter to be the low point for US card revenue margin in 2009. During the first quarter, we took several actions to enhance future revenue. We expect that second quarter revenue margins will begin to benefit from these moves with more sizable increases in US card revenue margin in the second half of the year. We expect full year US card revenue margin will be around 15%, a bit below the full year 2008 revenue margin of 15.5%. In addition to credit and consumer behavior impacts, changes in the mix of earning assets reduced revenue and net interest margin. The primary mix shifts with the addition of the lower yielding Chevy Chase loan portfolio and the continuing shift from loans to investment securities. The negative impact to net interest margin was partially offset by favorable moves in the prime LIBOR spread during the first quarter, and our continued efforts to mange our interest rate risk position, so net interest margin declined a modest 15 basis points. As you can see on slide 7, our efficiency ratio for the first quarter improved to 46.3%. First quarter non-interest expense declined about $200 million as a result of our continuing efforts to achieve operating efficiency improvements and lower marketing expense in the current economic environment. These favorable trends were partially offset by the decline in revenue I just discussed. Going forward, we will continue to benefit from our ongoing efforts to reduce costs and improve operating efficiency, including the synergies from the Chevy Chase acquisitions. We also expect that we will continue to find fewer opportunities to effectively invest our marketing dollars, while the economy continues to deteriorate and loan demand remains weak. We expect several factors to offset these underlying improvement trends in the non-interest expense and to create quarter-to-quarter variability in non-interest expense and the efficiency ratio. Collections and recoveries expense will increase as we maintain an increased collections intensity in the current economic environment. Integrating Chevy Chase will add one-time deal and integration cost as well as ongoing Chevy Chase operating expenses, and the FDIC special assessment of deposit insurance premiums is expected to increase non-interest expense in the second quarter. Slide 8, summarizes a pre-provision pretax view of earnings. Pre-provision pretax earnings were just under $2 billion as the decline in revenue was largely offset by improvements in non-interest expense. Despite significant economic and credit headwinds, each of our national lending businesses posted a modest profit for the quarter. The modest quarterly loss in local banking was more than offset by national lending profits. Credit impacts drove the operating loss for the total company. As you can see on the first slide, first quarter revenues were pressured by credit-driven I/O strip write-down and revenue suppression. And provision expense remained very high as a result of rising charge-offs and further allowance build in the first quarter. At this point in the cycle, we expect provision expense will continue to be the largest single determinant of our overall result. And with that I will turn it over to Gary.
Gary Perlin:  Thanks, Rich, and good afternoon to everyone listening on the call. Rich has walked you through the primary drivers of our income statement, which reflect not only the current economic environment, but also the ongoing de-risking of our balance sheet. We are confident this strengthens our ability to confront near-term economic challenges, while positioning us to deliver long-term value when the storm begins to abate. Allow me to begin by discussing the near term de-risking. As Rich discussed a moment ago, we built our allowance by a further $124 million in the quarter. And our allowance now stands at $4.6 billion to protect us against expected future principal losses in on balance sheet loans. You will note that while our reported net charge-off rate increased by 20 basis points in the quarter, our allowance as a percentage of reported loans was up 36 basis points in the quarter to 4.84% as we continue to reserve for anticipated future higher losses. This percentage does not include approximately $9.5 billion of Chevy Chase Bank loans that were added to the balance sheet in the quarter after those loans were fair valued to reflect anticipated losses, and therefore do not carry an associated allowance. Within each of our national lending businesses, we increased the coverage ratio of allowance to reported delinquencies to historically high levels as increases in bankruptcies, degradation and recoveries and worsening of late stage flow rates have lead to an assumption that a greater proportion of delinquent balances will eventually charge-off. Our US card allowance is now equal to two times the level of reported delinquencies. Also the credit pressures, Rich described earlier, have led us to increase our allowance coverage ratio in the banking segment by nearly 30% from a 110 basis point to 140 basis points. As you are all well aware, these increases to our coverage ratios are bringing forward anticipated future losses for on balance sheet loans. Future allowance levels of course will be driven by the size of our reported loan portfolio and assumptions of about future losses. It's for this reason, we believe, that our balance sheet is well-fortified to protect against near-term risks, while positioning us to perform when the cycle begins to turn. Another aspect of balance sheet strength is the low risk and steady performance of our investment portfolio, which I will discuss on slide 10. Our $36 billion investment portfolio performed well in the quarter as we accelerated, much of our planned purchases for the year into the first quarter, to take advantage of highly attractive opportunities in the agency MBS and consumer ABS sectors. This approach appears to have been the right one as fixed income spreads narrowed materially through the course of the quarter, largely in response to government actions. Quarter-end spreads were in substantially relatively to year end, so we saw a $498 million improvement in our unrealized loss position from last quarter with the net unrealized loss now standing at $615 million. It's worth reminding you that the related $526 million improvement in OCI does not impact the income statement, and I would also like to highlight that we did not adjust our valuation methodology to use mark-to-model allowed under recently issued accounting guidance. In these highly uncertain times, we believe it is prudent to continue to invest in highly liquid low risks securities to ensure we have ample liquidity to fund our business. And while investing in low risk securities inhibits the leveraging of our portfolio to reap high risk gains, we avoid many of the pitfalls experienced by others of having to realize significant unexpected losses when outsized best don't work out. On the subject of unexpected losses, let's move on to a discussion of capital, which underpins all the risks on our balance sheet. Looking at slide 11. On a pro forma basis, our TCE ratio improved by 20 basis points in the first quarter primarily due to the improvement in OCI and the pro forma shrinkage of the balance sheet. While our announced intention in early March to reduce our quarterly dividend to $0.05 per share has not yet affected the balance sheet, our future capital ratios will benefit from that dividend reduction. As expected, our TCE ratio fell by approximately 100 basis points upon closing of the Chevy Chase acquisition. Please recall that the purchase accounting for Chevy Chase Bank marks the first application of FAS 141(R), which requires all acquisitions after January 1 of this year to mark the entire portfolio for both credit and interest rates at the time of closing. The credit mark on the Chevy Chase loan portfolio turned out to be a couple hundred million dollars higher than originally estimated. This was offset by a more positive interest rate mark. We have included a schedule in the supplemental tables to size the currently estimated impact of the acquisition in the quarter. And intend to provide in future quarter a lens for recognizing the impact of purchase accounting on our results. Our capital ratios continue to be meaningfully above regulatory well capitalized minimums. Our tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is estimated to be around 11.4% in the first quarter, up approximately 10 basis points from the pro forma prior quarter. Without the preferred stock and warrants issued to the US treasury under the TARP Capital Purchase Program, that ratio would be about 8.5% or approximately 250 basis points above the well capitalized threshold.  As we continue to build allowance in anticipation of higher expected losses, conservatively manage our investment portfolio to avoid large unexpected losses and having fair valued the entire Chevy Chase Bank loan portfolio, we are very comfortable with the cushion provided by our current levels of capital. At this point in the cycle it is only prudent to assume that economic headwinds may continue to create short-term earnings pressure. However, we believe that disciplined growth and the active management of our balance sheet will enable us to maintain healthy capital ratios and position us to perform well through the cycle. I will discuss our balance sheet management philosophy in greater detail beginning on slide 12. Deposits continue to increase as a percentage of our funding as disciplined growth in our existing channels has been supplemented with the addition of Chevy Chase Bank deposits.  Our ending loan to deposit ratio improved from 1.68 to 1.24 from just one year-ago. This deposit expansion continues to decrease our reliance on wholesale funding providing us with tremendous flexibility to choose from a variety of funding vehicles to optimize cost. To evidence this point, you will note that our weighted average cost of funds decreased 139 basis points from the year ago quarter, while the decline in overall funding rates certainly provided a tail wind in our efforts to reduce funding cost, you will note that a large driver of the overall decline is from the change in liability mix. In fact, if you compare the annualized funding cost from the first quarter of this year versus what the annualized funding cost would have been had the liability mix of the year-ago quarter stayed the same, we are saving approximately $240 million a year. And it’s worth noting because marginal wholesale funding costs would have been relatively high in the first quarter, that savings estimate is likely understated.  In addition, our funding flexibility has enabled us to be entirely self reliant. We have chosen not to participate in any government assisted funding programs such as TLGP, CPFF or TALF as we have cheaper all-in options at our disposal. We fully expect that we will maintain access to attractively priced funding necessary to support lending consistent with the demands of creditworthy borrowers and our own prudent lending standards. We will constantly use the most economical way to fund our business and I fully expect that cheaper retail deposits will continue to replace expensive wholesale funding as it matures overtime further improving our funding costs. Let me now move to the left hand side of the balance sheet, to discuss our migration to lower risk assets. As you can see on slide 13, our investment portfolio continues to become a greater portion of our earning assets, having increased from approximately 12% a year ago to 18% today. As I mentioned when describing the portfolio in detail, we continue to take advantage of attractive securities investment opportunities in the quarter to replace lower yielding assets expected to mature over the coming quarters.  While we saw many investment opportunities that exceed the marginal returns on many lending opportunities given the current environment, the 4.62% average yield for the total investment portfolio is as you would expect less than the 9.44% average return on our portfolio of loans held for investment. While we are confident that we have made the right decisions in building our strong liquidity positions and in the marginal investments we are pursuing, growing investment portfolio certainly brings down the weighted average yield of our total assets.  However, given the confidence we have in our funding profile as marginal lending opportunities become more attractive, we believe the migration to a more typical asset mix will provide a meaningful financial tailwind. To put this prospective asset shift into perspective, if we were to assume we returned to a 12% investment portfolio mix by increasing our loans by 6 percentage points at our current average yield, we would experience an annual increase in revenue of approximately $500 million a year without the need to raise capital to support the loan growth. Our plan is to eventually shrink the investment portfolio back to its historical share of earning assets by taking advantage of attractive lending opportunities when the environment turns.  However, if we don’t see a sufficient amount of attractive risk adjusted lending opportunities to fully swap out our investment portfolio assets, we also have the choice to bring down the size of the investment portfolio and further bolster our capital ratios. We would shrink the investment portfolio back down to achieve a 12% proportion of total earning assets. Our TCE ratio would increase by approximately 30 basis points. Although, we believe it is not prudent to take action against either one of these options today due to the current economic environment suffice it to say that this optionality has a great deal of strategic and economic value.  Turning to slide 14, I would like to conclude and pull all of these pieces together. We continue to manage the company to confront short-term pressures while delivering long-term value. And we believe the best way to address both of these goals simultaneously is to maintain a strong and resilient balance sheet. To confront these short-term economic pressures, we continue to build our allowance to stay well in front of the possible future degradation in credit. We also are conservatively managing our investment portfolio to ensure we have ample liquidity while avoiding taking outsized risk to reap unsustainable trading gains.  And we continue to manage our capital to levels well in excess of any regulatory minimums even assuming a worsening environment. As we think about the future, we are confident that the de-risking of the balance sheet will provide both strategic and economic long-term value.  We are building a deposit franchise with a strong customer value proposition and disciplined pricing affording us a great deal of funding flexibility while building enduring relationships with our consumer and commercial customers.  In addition to bringing down our overall funding costs, these deposits provide the ability to grow a resilient investment portfolio. The capital which supports this portfolio can then be reallocated to higher yielding loans when the opportunity arises. So, while we remain cautious about near-term economic challenges, we are confident that our balance sheet will not only provide the stability to get us through the storm but also the power to generate value when the storm evades. With that, Rich and I welcome your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We will take our first question from Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  Hi, good afternoon guys. When you talked about removing guidance for the rest of the year in terms of losses, I guess is the uncertainty around the unemployment forecast because you gave one but everyone I guess realized is obviously there is a wide range of variability around that spot forecast, or is the uncertainty more around the relationship between charge-offs on unemployment and you are just not sure if it will kind of stay a roughly one to one relationship or is it a little bit of both?
Rich Fairbank:   Brian, we really work hard to try to see how we can give the best window into our business for our investors. And we have taken various forms of kind of getting out on a whim just a little bit with different ways of forecasting here and for example giving the we went through the six month window in our credit card business as uncertainty kind of grew we sort of went through the three month window into that thing. We are a little bit struck by I mean I was surprised by, but still it's noteworthy that the most near-term kind of baking in the window, baking in the oven. Part of our forecast to credit card business still was even that forecast turned out to be off somewhat by virtue of things around the edges that really weren’t so much in the oven.  And we then looked at all the competitors and they were out of the outlook business. And then finally kind of to your point, we are kind at a striking point right now where unemployment in many ways is sort of raging and it’s a bad direction. You have got other data sort of starting to show even some positive signs and so all in all we just felt that maybe we are better served just trying to give you a window into how our business works and maybe at this point not sort of be in the 12 month outlook business. If people insisted on a follow up question I can certainly talk about the relationship between credit card and the unemployment, credit card charge off unemployment which bottom line we don’t see any reason to believe that that relationship has changed.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Yes I guess that was going to my follow-up question, I mean when we look at some of the markets where we do have 11% and 12% unemployment around the country and you drill into your portfolio by state is I mean I guess what you are saying is that relationship is holding and it’s just a fact of having really higher unemployment in those states.
Gary Perlin:  Let me give you kind of a fairly robust answer to this thing because it’s very important to I think you anyone who is trying to assess the card business, we are junkies about trying to gather everything we can from economic variables and how they drive our credit card charge offs. And what we have Bryan in our universe of data available to us is when I often called the two humps of the camel we have got there the 90-91 down turn have got the early in this decade downturn and there if you look kind of by eye ball. This thing that we commonly call the one-to-one relationship between card charge offs and unemployment where sort of unemployment if it goes up a 100 basis points card charge offs go sort of directionally up a 100 basis points. Our best read of that is that relationship is somewhat less than one-to-one, in other words card charge off should go somewhat less than 100 basis points. But anyway there is a pretty close relationship there and also credit worsening is tended to be a lead indicator relative to unemployment. Then one of the benefits of this downturn, Brian, is we have a very rich database of cross sectional MSA data that we can use. And also what's relevant about this one is this is this downturn. It's not yesterday's downturn it is today's downturn. And so as what we have done is cross sectionaly modeled MSAs and exposed it to as many economic variables as we can. Some of the data is limited. What you are stuck by is that both HPA and again unemployment tend to be the key drivers. We have found from the, even in the most stressed boom and bust stage. Generally, the kind of relationships that we by eye ballsaw in the last two downturns are still the same. Generally that there is somewhat less than the one-to-one relationship with unemployment, but it kind of turns out by the time you are done with HPA to in a sense sort of average out to one-to-one. So that -- we have a phenomena right now I guess you have seen this quarter you had -- there is big surge in unemployment in kind of as we said. We did not see our credit metrics in the very moment, sort of be as responsive as they might have been through this but we do not necessarily see any evidence of a change for that. We have also looked for interactive effects, Brian, between unemployment and HPAs sort of the context the thing that says well if they are both bad is the interaction of those something a lot worse. We see small interactive effects but not anything that really changes sort of the fundamental relationships we have seen. So I would say that what you operated in your assumptions up to this point, we do not see too much that would change that. What we did go out of our way in the upfront talking points there was to say with respect to the credit card charge-off rate, because of the denominator effect most importantly and to some extent to the OCC minimum payment policy. You will essentially see, I think, our charge off rate exceed the normal relationship but that's not a substantive point about the economy that’s really more just a point about our metrics.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator:  We will go next to Craig Maurer with CLSA.
Craig Maurer - CLSA:  Hi good afternoon. Couple of questions, first regarding the international card portfolio I was hoping you could go into a little more detail regarding the trends you are seeing separately in Canada and the UK. 
Gary Perlin:  Yes, let me start with the UK, if we adjust for debt sales, the UK losses are higher than a year ago. And most of that increase is from higher contractual charge-off and but also insolvencies have been trending up recently after being pretty flat for 2008 insolvencies are essentially the UK equivalent of bankruptcy. As we look at the UK environment, certainly the economic environment looks pretty troubled there, consumer indebtedness remains at record levels, house prices are declining rapidly, unemployment is rising and it’s a worrisome environment. There is one potential benefit that's bigger in the UK than in the US. And that is the lower interest rate may help homeowners more in the UK because the majority of them have variable rate mortgages, we have not seen this effect and nor are we counting on it. So we expect further credit worsening in the UK business and we are in very much hunker down mode, we have even stopped doing pretty much stopped doing teaser rate marketing in the UK, we are very much in hunker down mode and there is, you will see foreseeable future, steady sort of decline in that portfolio. In Canada, Canada has been kind of the one part of our world that has seemed to, as ostensibly not be suffering a lot of the issues that the rest of the world is suffering and we have just in our underwriting assumed that it will behave the way the US and the UK have gone. And our point here in our conversation today about this quarter is we have started to see the economic measures jump up somewhat in Canada and our own losses in the Canadian portfolio went up about 74 basis points as I recall in the business. So, for Canada it still for us a very profitable business but we are underwriting assuming Canada ends up going the direction of the UK and the US. But at this point it’s still performing at quite higher level.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: Okay. And if we can continue on the card theme for a minute, looking at your purchase volume in quarter, down 12% year-on-year, you certainly outperformed some of your large bank competitors despite the fact you have 15% contraction in the account base. So I was hoping you could talk a little bit about spending per active account?
Gary Perlin: Well basically our purchase volume, you are right, declined at 12% year-over-year about half of this decline, Craig, is due to a reduction in active accounts on file and the rest is driven by the economic environment. So, what we have seen in our purchases per active account is they appear to have stabilized the levels about 6% lower than a year-ago and this is consistent with overall decline in retail sales and consumer spending.
Jeff Norris: Next question please. 
Operator: We’ll go next to David Hochstim with Buckingham Research.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research: Thanks I wonder if you could just clarify what you are saying we could expect in terms of expense changes. I'm trying to relate the expense outlook to what seems to be further declines in revenues or I guess an improving margin offset by lower balances and then rising credit cards would suggest that first quarter earnings might be among the better quarters this year. I'm just wondering what I might be missing?
Gary Perlin: Hi David let me just focus exclusively here on the question what we might see in a way of non-interest expense. As Richard said, we experienced some good improvements in efficiency in the first quarter, this started a couple of years ago as you know and we are continuing to make good strides in efficiency, in all of our businesses, there have been some near-term elevations coming from things such as the intensity of our recovery and collections efforts. But by and large we have been benefiting quite substantially from the improvement in efficiency. As we look particularly at the next quarter, remember that we have a couple of things that you should keep an eye out for. The first is that the expected special assessment in terms of what's coming out of the FDIC will be affecting Capital One like all banks. If that hits, it's likely to hit all at once here in the second quarter. We also will, as we rapidly start to integrate Chevy Chase, remember that their efficiency ratio was substantially higher than that for Capital One as a whole and that's going to have an effect for a while to come. Those expenses are a little bit exaggerated, certainly in the first quarter. As we have indicated, the expenses related to the deal under new FAS 141(R), they all have to be expensed rather than going to goodwill. And so you saw some elevated level of expenses in Chevy Chase, and you will probably see some integration expenses coming through over the course of the next couple of quarters. Of course, we are rapidly trying to make that integration work and move quickly towards getting some of those synergies. But I think the biggest two drivers of any movement away from the improvement trend at least in the next quarter would be the FDIC assessment and the impact of Chevy Chase going forward towards the end of the year, we are going to try to make sure that we continue too see the benefit of our efficiency efforts.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research: Can you give us an idea how big those two things are?
Gary Perlin: Well, I would really not suggest what the FDIC assessment is going to be, that obviously has not yet been determined. And there is quite a wide range you know what the size of our deposit book is, so you can probably figure out that the range there could be from tens of million to a couple of hundred million. And with respect to Chevy Chase, run rate of expenses there, prior to our being able to get the start to realize the synergies, which again, we are going to try and do pretty quickly, run rate of somewhere at or just around $150 million a quarter. Again, that maybe higher or lower based on the level of integration expense and the speed of achieving the synergies, but certainly after a couple of quarters we are going to start to try and make sure those synergies are showing through.
Rich Fairbank:  Next question, please?
Operator:  We will go next to Andrew Wessel with JP Morgan.
Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan:  Hi, thanks for taking my call. One question I have is on card re-pricing, just kind of taking the average spreads that you recorded against prime. During the quarter, over the last few quarters it looked like prices moved up a bit, but then over the last three quarters it's kind of stalled. Could you talk about just what you are doing and re-pricing the portfolio out of the Fed mandate rule changes?
Rich Fairbank:  Andrew, I think like all banks, we continue to manage our portfolio dynamically across all of the metrics. I think some players moved earlier with respect to a number of things. Our various efforts on account management will be more manifest. In the second half of the year, you will start to see some impact in the second quarter and more significant impact in the third and fourth quarter. But that was part of the conversation where by the time we are done, if you pull up on the whole year that's where I gave the indication on the overall revenue margin, which will be just modestly lower than last year, full year, over year.
Andrew Wessel - JP Morgan:  Great, thank you very much.
Gary Perlin:  Thank you, Andrew.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please?
Operator: We will go next to Don Fandetti with Citi.
Don Fandetti - Citi: Hi, just a quick question on the FAS 140 changes. Any changing sort of your thought process on potential for a delay, and are you okay in terms of capital, how the regulators will look at that?
Gary Perlin: Hey, Don. It's Gary, and we of course keep a very close eye on what's happening and lot of mixed signals coming out on FAS 140. Of course the meeting that was scheduled through for this month with the FASB has been delayed, so we will just have to wait and see what happens. But overall as we approach FAS 140, my watch for the year is that it's a change in accounting. It's not a change in our economic position. The accounting impact could of course be quite significant, but that will depend a lot on a bunch of things starting with timing, and so given the percent of our portfolio that is off balance and how much of that is declining quarter-over-quarter, the impact of FAS 140 when in its 140(R) when it commences likely to decline overtime. Secondly, the nature of the accounting guidance is going to be extremely important as to how we bring those off balance sheet securities and assets back onto our balance sheet could have a material impact on a short-term impact on the bottom line. And certainly from a capital perspective, as you say, Don, look we mostly managed our business with tangible common equity ratio as our guide. We have always had managed assets in the denominator, so from a capital standpoint, we have always been blind to whether or not assets are on or off balance sheet, so we are confident that our level of capital would be appropriate regardless of the accounting change. Obviously, we will have to wait and see what FASB does and what the regulatory outcome might be, but even if we take the very worst outcome on every dimension of timing and structure, and regulatory response and so forth. I'll simply repeat what I said before, which is that would not require us to raise common equity or really any other form of Tier 1 capital even without target.
Don Fandetti - Citi: Okay, thank you.
Jeff Norris:  Next question, please?
Operator:  We will go next to Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  Thank you and good afternoon. Rich, I was just wondering if you could give any thoughts around the meetings going on in Washington DC later this week.
Rich Fairbank:  Yes. Good afternoon, Bob. The meeting, Thursday at the Whitehouse is the working session, what was basically set up as a working session among the executives who manage the credit card businesses at various banks to work with treasury and administration officials. And we appreciate the opportunity to participate in Thursday's meeting and welcome the constructive dialogue, including now that the President apparently is going to attend this as well. Ryan Schneider, our President of US card business will be there, representing Capital One. Fair access to credit is an issue of great importance, both to banks and the consumers. And Bob, you know the importance that we place on that so we are really looking forward to an open exchange of views. And I think that it's really important if the various parties can really get a common set of understandings and also understand the impact of choices and for a possible development on the regulatory environment and legislative environment, so that's what the meeting is about.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  Okay, thank you. The follow-up question just on the credit side. Capital One has not historically sold charge offs, is that you suggested I think maybe you did sell some in the UK. Are you doing anything different from managing the credit loss perspective, both on selling charge-offs, maybe on increasing use of deferrals things, two different items, but if you could touch on your intent to sell charge-offs, which is something you historically have not done. And if the level of deferrals are increasing, which I think it's also something that you, Capital One has generally been a light user of deferrals in the past.
Gary Perlin:  Yes, Bob charge-off debt, we have been probably relative to most of the industry a pretty light user of debt sales. I think there are few folks in the industry who got rather used to some of the benefits that came from a large continuing flow of debt sales. We try to not sort of get that dependency, but also really most importantly just look to debt sales as a sort of NPV based calculation to see when can someone else do it effectively for better economics than we can manage it. And debt sale is also a good way to manage to the capacity of in-house recoveries, where there can be capacity constraints sometimes in a worsening credit environment. So that's how we look at debt sales. We are glad, we have not had a big dependency on it because the debt sales market has really kind of declined. Interestingly, it held up last year. So over the past year, we have seen our liquidation rates decline by 20% to 40% depending on the segment of the credit card business. And it was sort of striking to us that the debt sale market sort of hung in there for most of last year, in terms of its pricing but it really kind of the bottom fell out of it in the first quarter, and so we don’t have much in a way of plans for debt sales. For the re-age policies which should be the industry term for some of the extension that you are talking about, Bob, for us we are inline with the industry and this has not changed and it is pretty tightly regulated by the OCC.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator: We will go next to Sanjay Sakhrani with KBW.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Hi, thanks, by my math, I think the dividends on the preferred were about $64 million this quarter, I mean, is that a quarterly run rate we should use for the rest of the year?
Gary Perlin:  Yes, Sanjay.
Sanjay Sakhrani - KBW: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up on the broader question on the regulatory proposal as they have been outlined, could you help us think about the economic impact if they are implemented in July of 2010 versus if they were implemented earlier than that date? Thanks.
Rich Fairbank:  Okay. First of all the big issue in the debate about the implementation of the federal reserve rules which are commonly called Reg AA or UDAP rules. The big debate I am sure, as you know relates to the ability to implement any earlier than the proposed date. So, all the issuers ourselves including are scrambling to do a very substantial amount if kind of technology and operational changes associated with the sweeping proposals. So it’s a very important issue to us in fact that the time is very important just in terms of literally the ability to pull it off,  The impact of this if it comes earlier, I suppose it will bring forward some changes that otherwise I think have always said will sort of be in the card, no pun intended for the industry over the course of next year. But I do want to say that the sort of account management changes some of the revenue moves that the various issuers have done make it -- I think that is going to mute some of the near-term immediate impact of that otherwise you would have seen when July of next year came along, but I think that the big question is how much of the industry is going to adapt its pricing relative to these changes and the most important issue is what happens on the front end, so let me give you an example here and this is the thing I am watching so closely.  Given that retroactive re-pricing of existing balances will not be allowed post the implementation of this, it means that, and because of the very, very low rate of amortization of these cards effectively, while it's a slight overstatement, credit card issuers will be stuck with the rate that they have for revolvers for the foreseeable future. And so I think the industry is addressing that with respect to their existing files over the course of these months, but for new originations, the thing to watch is the go-to rate because while the industry can use teasers and even teaser down from the go-to rates in the future, the go-to rate will be the defining rate that determines the long-term resilience we are going to have in the business.  When I look at the go to rates that the industry is competing with right now, it doesn’t look like it nearly covers the kind of long-term. It's not at the levels that you would need for long-term resilience, frankly go-to rates if you look at mail monitor data have actually been declining over the last number of months, very slightly declining but so have interest rates. If you adjust it for interest rates, they have actually gone up about 150 basis points which is good news but it is still well below where the go-to rates need to go to. So, I suggest all of you take, all of us. We certainly are very closely looking at that metric in terms of as a predictor of the future resilience in the card business.  
Jeff Norris: Next question please. 
Operator: We will go next to Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, good evening. Can you talk about the reserve level in US card business relative to the installment loan business? At 9.5%, is that (inaudible) a large portion of that, because if 9.5% in US card business that would be a pretty significant impact if you had a reserve at that kind of level, anywhere close to that kind of level on your off-balance sheet loan if FAS-140 were to go through. Thanks. 
Gary Perlin:  Chris, it's Gary, we don’t disclose the allowance in individual, parts of the various portfolios, I would say that again with the installment loan portfolio, we have been seeing a rising level of allowance because of the increasing loss rates. But remember that there is a countervailing effect coming from the impact of the reduction in the outstandings in the ILs. Remember also that the ILs are entirely or almost exclusively on balance sheet already, so they are not going to have an effect there. As far as FAS 140 goes, Chris, the impact to the allowance is going to be dependent on what the loss outlook is at the time and in terms of the impact of that loss allowance build at the time that we bring everything back on balance sheet. There may or may not be many countervailing factors depending on the way in which we bring those other things back onto balance sheet. So, again it's all accounting and we will certainly walk our way through it if and when we need to. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:   That answer won't make any sense, I think if US card at 9.5% reserving on balance sheet or installment loan is driving that level of reserve, because if it is 9.5% that's a huge number for the US card?
Gary Perlin:   Well, again the 9.5% allowance for reported loans in the US card segment covers both card, the revolving card as well as installment loans. If you take a look at the loss rate that we are experiencing on a managed basis and that's externally reported US card segment that was at 9.3% in March. You don’t remember as well that there is not necessarily an equal amount of credit card assets across the credit spectrum that are on the reported balance sheet for which there is allowance versus that which is securitized. And so again I think the closeness of the coverage ratio to the reported loss rate, should at least suggest that we are in the right ballpark exactly which product is contributing what amount is going to change overtime.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will go next to Bruce Harting with Barclays Capital. 
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital: Yes, your cost of deposits has dropped nicely along with other core deposit funded banks and if you could just go back to the discussion you had on loan shrinkage or reconciliation, I think I heard you say that you are planning to shrink the US card business but the installment loans will be a bigger part of that shrinkage. Could you just clarify in terms of that and I am just trying to connect with when we see the monthly trust data coming out in the next few months. The denominator effect that you are talking about, 50 basis points higher in the second quarter from denominator and shrinkage of loans that ties into my question, then the OCC minimum payment 20 basis point impact. So just from those two, that’s a 70 basis point impact that we will see coming through the monthly 8-K data. Is that correct? And then just on that loan question, I hate to go with too many of these tangents, but if you are going to have shrinkage in loan as you said but you are going to keep, I think I heard you say you are going to keep earning assets kind of flattish, just wondering what the rationale is for that and why not go ahead and shrink earning assets, as well to get the tangible equity up. Thank you.  
Gary Perlin:  You suggested there is a bunch of different comments and questions there. Let me just start with a couple of facts to make sure that we are all on the same page here. So, although the installment loans as unsecured consumer credit on an national basis are included in our reported US card segment. There are no installment loans in our credit card master trust. The only thing in the master trust would be consumer in small business card. So, the effect of the shrinkage in the IO portfolio is not going to have any impact at all on the card master trust. So let me just stop right there. Maybe get a better view here Bruce on how I can take that forward for you.
Rich Fairbank:  Bruce, I am sorry, could you ask the question again. I am not we got it all.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital:  Sort of two parts, I am just trying to get the overall logic or thinking behind, what's your philosophy right now with regard to asset liability management you have got a great funding source in your deposits. It just seems like it would be good time to shrink overall earning assets? So that’s one question and get the margin up and take advantage of the deposits and get the loan to deposit ratio down a little bit. And then the other part of that is you have made some comments about just trying to tie into your monthly data that I know apart from the trust now you are showing total managed charge offs right? So just trying to get a sense of how quickly we are going to see those credit numbers develop from the denominator effect and then get to that 10% charge off number you are talking about? So two I was not clear, one question on this charge off and credit numbers as they evolve in the next few months and then another question on funding philosophy and why not shrink the earning asset as well as the loans? Thanks.
Gary Perlin:  Okay. Bruce I would take both of those in order. In terms of the overall earning assets, as Rich indicated, if not for the acquisition of Chevy Chase, we would have shrunk overall earning assets in the quarter. Obviously there has been a shrinkage in the loan book coming largely from what Rich described which is the charge offs the run offs as well as the, as a reduced demand purchase falling in the like.  We had a couple of billion dollars of securities in our investment portfolio roll off in the first quarter. However, knowing that we have another $6 billion of investment securities rolling for the balance of the year, given what we saw largely in the first couple of weeks of January with agency mortgage backs at incredibly attractive levels, and a lot of consumer ABS which we know extremely well at very attractive levels. We chose to reinvest the proceeds of the roll off of some of our investment securities and also some of the deposits we were taking in.  We chose to invest those in our investment portfolio in the first quarter effectively to anticipate the roll off over the next three quarters of lower yielding investment securities, but certainly as we go through the course of the rest of the year having in a sense pre invested some of those proceeds you are likely to see a decline in the level of investment assets and therefore if we have shrinkage in loans and along with some mild shrinkage in the investment portfolio you could well see precisely what you would predict given our strong balance sheet, our strong funding sources which is shrinkage in overall earning assets. The timing is more or less our response to what we perceive to be the right kind of market opportunities. With respect to the shrinkage and how it plays through into the monthly data, again as I indicated, remember ILs are not in the common trust and what you are going to see in the trust data is less a matter of the denominator effect, you will see some of the OCC min pay affect that Rich described. And you will tend to see that with a slight lag because of the way trust accounting works, that’s on the downside on the credit side. On the upside, what Rich described in the way of revenue moves that are going to benefit the overall card business, you will also see that come through into the trust as well.
Rich Fairbank: Bruce let me just make one small clarification also, just to be precise here. We ourselves also are talking about two slightly different things and we talk about the monthly managed and then sort of the quarterly impact of this denominator effect. So the quarterly impact on the US card managed loss rate, this is the denominator, the 50 basis points denominator effect on average for the Q2 quarter and the OCC min pay effect on average 20 basis points for the second quarter. The monthly -- we also said the monthly managed numbers will -- that charge off rate will across 10% over the next couple of months. So that’s a monthly number, the others in average there, sligh differences in the effect per month, I just want to make that point.
Jeff Norris: And before we move on the next question Bruce, the thing that’s driving the monthly managed rate to cross 10% in the next couple of months is a combination of economic worsening the denominator impact and the OCC min pay impact. Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch with Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Thanks, I guess, I understand not wanting to give guidance on charge offs but given the way your reserve is established, how should we think about the reserve addition both this quarter and in subsequent quarters relative to what you might be expecting for an increase in losses from your balance sheet portfolio?
Gary Perlin: Happy to take that question Moshe. Look, the allowance build in this quarter entirely consistent with the assumptions that Rich gave of significant further economic deterioration. You see that in this quarter alone with the reduction in loan balances, the increase in the allowance not only are we increasing our allowance but we are increasing our coverage ratios, both the allowance to reported loans and in the national lending businesses, the allowance to delinquencies. The factors that drive allowance are often hard to predict, but I can tell for the first quarter just looking back here, that there were two factors that really accounted for the relative size of this quarter’s allowance in relation to the degree of experience and expected economic weakness that we are seeing and expect to see in the labor market. The first I believe, Rich indicated that our own results in the quarter were generally in-line with the expectations we had when we set the allowance at the end of the fourth quarter. despite the fact that the economy overall had degraded more sharply than we would have expected at that same time and so again we're going to constantly be calibrating to make sure we have the right kind of the expected loss rate for any given move in the economy.  The second effect is that although our overall credit during the quarter was more or less as expected. It was differentially better in auto. I think that’s pretty clear from the numbers, and auto is entirely on balance sheet and that’s going to have a relatively helpful effect when it comes to allowance. It was differentially worse in card as Rich described and because that’s not on balance sheet that’s not going to drive the allowance overall. So what I would say is that our first quarter allowance build, it still reflects a pessimistic outlook, certainly more pessimistic than the one on which the fourth quarter allowance was built. But it's one that recognizes a wide range of outcomes for the next twelve months.  I think as we go forward what we are going to have to do, is take a look at the potentially offsetting effects of, if there is a potential for further degradation in the outlook that will tend to push things up. But if the balances of loans are shrinking, that’s going to have a depressive effect on the allowance and is really going to be the relationship between those two that you see. And I think based on my conversations with so many of our investors and analysts. When they look back at the very large allowance build we had at the end of the fourth quarter, remember that the step change in the outlook that took place. All of the indicators pointing in the same direction at the end of the fourth quarter, although things have degraded; they have been a steady degradation this quarter. We have seen our performance pretty steady and we see mixed signals on what’s coming on in the future and I think when you put all these things together, you can kind of understand how we came up with this quarters' allowance. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Okay just a follow-up question, the contribution from Chevy Chase, I mean how should we think about the progression from this point forward, second quarter through the balance of the year?
Gary Perlin: Taking the question here, quickly Moshe, we showed you for this quarter and this quarter only as we often do. The impact of the acquisition in the quarter that happens and shows up as in any other category it will be rolled into our local banking segments starting in the second quarter. Remember the huge effects on the accounting results is coming from FAS 141(R), so you had truly elevated expenses all to do with the integration with the deal itself showing through in the first quarter that won't necessarily be there for very long. The other thing that will change quite dramatically is, Chevy Chase not unlike many local and regional institutions tend to have an asset-sensitivity on their balance sheet, which given the very sharp decline in short-term interest rates over the last several months, really hurts their performance in the first quarter. As we now have consolidated the management of the assets and liabilities, we are going to transform that into a more liability-sensitive position, which will allow us to benefit more from those Chevy Chase deposits. And again, hopefully we will be able to demonstrate the ability to get some of the synergies pretty quickly as well. So clearly we are going to look for an improving impact from Chevy Chase as we go through the course of the year, and you will see that and we will talk about it showing up in the local banking segment, including some unique effects of purchase accounting, because of the new standard. And when we get there, we will break it out so you can see it.
Jeff Norris:  Next question, please?
Operator:  We will go next to Bill Carcache with Fox-Pitt.
Bill Carcache - Fox-Pitt:  Hello, I have a couple of questions relating to your trust. First is the entire $118 million decline in the fair value of the I/O strips that you mentioned in your release, driven by the decline in the excess spread that we have been seeing in the trust. And given that the value of the I/O strip has fallen so much, which we expect to happen in the non-interest income line item next quarter if losses are going to continue to rise and also what's the maximum cash trapping that would occur if your average excess spread falls below 4.5%? And along the same lines, what are the key trigger points, what this cash trapping do to their earnings in book value, and finally would you provide support for the trust as excess spreads continue to fall, thanks.
Gary Perlin:  Okay, Bill. That was four or five questions, I'll do these, because they are all about the same subject, we will count that. Okay, so let’s just start with the impairment of the I/O strip, I believe Rich indicated the impact, about $120 million leaving the balance of just $10 million or $20 million less, so needless to say when that no longer has any value attributed to it. It can't, it can’t go down any further. That's not to say that you won't see some impact on our P&L should there be continued degradation in the trust that would come from two sources. The first would come from a reduced valuation of any of the trust interest that we have retained on our balance sheet. Also, if there is cash trapping, which we will get through in a moment, we have to discount that and that can also have an impact on income, so we may continue to see some impact on non-interest income. I would tend to doubt that we would see anything close to the kind of impact that we have seen in last couple of quarters in the I/O strip, but just when the I/O goes away, I don't want you to expect that you might not see any non-interest income impact from what's going on in credit, which takes us to the trust, so just a couple of facts, Bill, to make sure everyone's level set. For the Class C, that means the BBB securities in our master trust, we start trapping cash when the three month average excess spread goes below 4.5%, the three month average excess spread at the end of March was 6.23% or about one or three quarters percent higher than the trigger. So we are not trapping cash in relationship to that Class C at the present time. Of course we have seen a very marked degradation in excess spread over the course of the quarter, down to just over 4.8% in March. And looking back at prior year trends, April trust data, which you are going to see released in middle of May, would typically be the seasonal low point for both yield and excess spread in the trust, so I think it would be prudent to expect to see a further seasonal decline next month. Now, as Rich discussed a little bit earlier. In order to support the strength of our business, we have taken a number of moves on the revenue side, which will become obvious starting in the second quarter and probably more markedly in the second half of the year. And although those moves were taken simply for good business reasons, they will tend to benefit the trust. And we think that although they make sure it's a little bit of a lag, because how trust accounting works those actions will return the trust to a healthier position relative to recent new-term performance. Finally in terms of the amount of cash trapping, again, that will depend on what the excess spread level is, we are not there yet. If and when we were to get there, it will fluctuate quite a bit and we may trap cash and we may release depending on what's going on at any particular point in times. In terms of the financial statement impact, our cash trapping, there could be an impact or, would be an impact on earnings if we were to be there. As I suggested earlier, a spread account established in order to trap the cash is discounted at a rate that is kind of commensurate with the risk associated with other kinds of receivables retained interest, and so we could see an impact on non-interest income for those periods of time when cash is trapped, of course it then gets released and it could easily have an offsetting impact on non-interest income. The only other impact of cash trapping is really on the regulatory capital impact, because the excess spread that's trapped and the account is considered at risk from a regulatory capital standpoint, and we back out capital by holding dollar-for-dollar capital against it from a regulatory standpoint. And when we do any of our stress tests, we assume that our trusts are going to perform more or less like the rest of our balance sheet. And under those scenarios, where the trust might be in a position of trapping cash, our judgment about the adequacy and the resiliency of our capital takes into account the prospective hit that would come from that kind of situation. Again that is not necessarily once and forever, because that we expect that cash that gets trapped at some point in time gets released. But certainly in the short run, we want to be prepared for every eventuality. I hope that covered the landscape for you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator:  We will go next to Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets:  Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Just a real quick question on the bank, net charge-offs were down in the quarter, but non-performing assets were up quite a bit and looking to provision expense did not really increase that much. And I was hoping maybe you can reconcile the thought process behind the provision expense versus the non-performing assets and maybe just don't see that much than even better losses in those estimate and provide little more color about the New York market and what you are seeing in the loan categories?
Gary Perlin: Sure, Scott. It's Gary. Let me take the first part of your question, and I will hand it up to Rich to give you some color as to what we are seeing in the New York market or any of the others. Remember, there is a real seasonality to what goes on in the provision for the banks. So if you go back to the fourth quarter, you would have seen a relatively elevated level of charge-offs. These are very lumpy kinds of things as we do our review of the portfolio and move things to charge-off, we tend to see that. We've risen in the fourth quarter, you clear out a lot of the NPLs as we get into the first quarter. Again, we are going to reassess on a quarterly basis, loan-by-loan everything that happens with the overall level of performance in the markets, not surprising that you would see a decline in the level of charge-offs, but an increase in the level of NPLs. And so if you saw the fourth quarter allowance build, that was really drawn on the basis of the economic degradation as that continues, it's not surprising to see a level of provision that's more or less the same. The only other thing I will remind you about in our local banking segment, and it's broken out in the table, so you can see it is there is a one-off portfolio, it is called the small ticket commercial real estate portfolio. Those were loans that were originated by deal to our GreenPoint mortgage for sale into the secondary market, which we ended up having to hold when the secondary market pretty much shutdown. Remember that a lot of the overall bank statistics are going to be driven, by that one-off portfolio. But I think to really understand the quality of the commercial book I will hand it over to Rich, and I would look at that separately. 
Rich Fairbank: Okay Scott, it’s not lost on any of us that just all the bad news that seems to keep coming out with respect to jobs, particularly high paying jobs in the New York area. The city has lost about 87,000 jobs from what we can gather here and is projected to loose I mean another 150,000 jobs if the recession plays out as the projection by the Office of Management and Budget.  I think that one very good thing is that New York entered this downturn in much better shape than in past recession. In the early 90s when New York got sort of creamed on the commercial side, they started with a big oversupply of office and residential real estate. This is not the case today and one reason for that is by-product of September 11. So in our portfolio, New York portfolio is still performing really quite well and I think that there is one exception to that which is the fore sale construction portfolio which I talked about in our talking points, but quickly dividing this up, we have got the multi-family business. It’s about $5.4 billion and this multi-family segment which is apartment rentals has historically been very resilient to economic downturns and I think we expect the same this time around.  About 70% of our multi-family properties are subject to government mandated rent restrictions and it provides a level of stability I think that doesn’t exist in other markets in America. So that one is probably the very best performing, the one we are the most optimistic about.  Now our office portfolio is largely composed really of Class B and C properties and located throughout the five [borrows] and they have a really quite diverse tenant base and we have stayed away from some of the biggest signature kind of office buildings, I think are a little more challenged at this point.  We have over the years, and this is a great heritage from John Kenneth and John Wilson. The underwriting standards for this portfolio are rigorously and uncompromisingly based on in-place cash flows, they don’t bet on the come with respect to rent rate escalation, there were relatively low LTVs in the structure and so far this is performing pretty well.  Our retail portfolio is composed mostly of sort of neighborhood and community centers that are grocery anchored in particular and the grocery anchored retail centers tend in these downturns to be doing a little bit better. So that’s working pretty well.  The construction portfolio again is a big exception for that, the most important thing about that is just relatively small. And I mentioned the fore sale construction properties, they are under significant pressure, but I think we have tried to be pretty disciplined in working through our portfolio to identify those that are weak.  On the C&I side, we are really pretty well diversified across many industries and middle market borrowers and this is also performing really quite solidly. So, we are going to watch very closely the developments in New York. It's obviously no matter how good the numbers can be, it's obvious that New York has a long way to go in this downturn. And I think New York itself and we with our underwriting at least start in a pretty good place as we weather it could be big storm in New York.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets:  Thanks very much. 
Jeff Norris:   Next question, please.
Operator:  We will go next to John Stilmar with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Good evening, gentlemen. Quick question with regard to the balance sheet, clearly your strategy of favoring liquidity and preserving the ability to allocate capital to different businesses, it seems to be very evident, but can you put some fence post in around your guidance of flat earning assets. First of all is it managed flat earnings assets or reported?  And secondly can you talk about the dichotomy between the actual core commercial lending book, consumer lending book and then the liquidity portfolio and roughly what we can expect for dynamics over that over the next 12 months as sort of your base case or fairway assumptions right now?
Gary Perlin:  Sure, John. It's Gary. Just with respect to your first question, the flattish earning asset is on average managed basis with Chevy Chase. With respect to the dynamics going forward, again I think we would expect that this may or may not be the high watermark for the percentage of our portfolio that's in investment securities, if not we are probably pretty close to it based on the opportunities that we see in the market. So I would expect to see that portfolio starting to come down.  The question that’s tough to answer is when we will see the loan portfolio grow net of all of the attrition and the charge-offs and so forth. And that's really going to be dependant more on the economy. So, I guess just looking forward, things stay more or less as they are. You could see a little bit of shrinkage most of that you would see it coming from both investments and loans, unless we see opportunities surprisingly show up on either side.  Longer-term I think you will continue to see shrinkage in the investment portfolio but certainly we would expect to see some growth in the loan portfolio. I wish I could give you the dates on which all of that is going to happen, but I need a crystal ball that’s a lot better than the one that I have right now. 
John Stilmar - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Perfectly I understand, and than I hate to bring up the securitization trust again and it’s nothing regarding accounting, but one of the things that we have noticed over the past couple of months, there has been at least a divergence between the managed statistics, credit statistics and the trust statistics, it has always been a little bit lower, but that difference has become more amplified or the difference has become greater. Can you help me think through what some of those reasons may be and how should we think about that as we are looking forward and gauging future credit expectations given some of the details you have provided in the trust?
Gary Perlin: I can give a couple of hints, they wont always work John, but in your own mind if you see things coming out differently than you expect, first thing you should keep in mind is the managed US cards statistics that you see every month include all of our unsecured nationally originated consumer loans that includes IL’s. And so you are going to see that affecting what’s going on in the managed but that doesn’t necessarily affect the trust.  Secondly, amongst lag under normal circumstances usually doesn’t create a lot of disconnect, but given the speed with which things are happening both on the credit side and maybe on the revenue side, just having a lag of a month or so in the trust could also have an impact. And then finally just remember that the trust and the managed book are not exactly a mirror image of each other and so we can have slightly different performance on the balance sheet versus of. And then finally on the balance sheet, you are going to have more of a denominator effect as well. So ask yourself all of those questions and I am sure you will ask our IR team the same questions, those are the ones you should be asking. 
Jeff Norris : Next question please.
Operator: 
 : 
Richard Shane - Jefferies & Company:  Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. You guys provided guidance on January 20th and let's assume you had pretty good outlook into what was going on for the month of January at that point. When you look at what happened in February in March and in April, where was the break point, where was the point where you said what a loss guidance, our credit guidance needs to be revised, I don’t mean this from you have an obligation to go and update that, but what happened during the quarter. Are things continuing to get worse or just where was the breakpoint?
Rich Fairbank:  Richard, I don't know if I really used it, the word breakpoint, but when we give guidance about our credit card business charge offs, it's really based on this what I called what's baking in the oven which is basically driven by delinquencies and roll rates from one delinquency bucket to another. And the final charge-off numbers of course include recoveries and they include bankruptcies. So bankruptcies just kind of come in a sense sort of out of the blue and they don't even march through the bucket so too with recovery. Relative to our own forecast, the three things that deviated precisely from our forecast were bankruptcies which came in higher and they again don't go through the oven.  Recoveries which came in lower and don't go through the oven and then also late bucket roll rates increased somewhat also and that sort of, yes it is part of the oven but it's in the later part of that. But that's how the number ended up being 30 basis points higher for the quarter. And of course at the same time so that was kind of from a metrics point of view. At the same time of course Richard unemployment was massively accelerating during the quarter. So it is both the case that we said we exceeded our own internal estimates with respect to the card business. But I think it's also the case that the sort of electrifying increases in unemployment have not thus far been associated with electrifying increases in some of the credit numbers.
Richard Shane - Jefferies & Company: Got it and that's actually a very helpful answer, because I think what it suggests is that it was somewhat linear. The follow-up to that is, you saw three, let's ignore unemployment for a second, you saw three anomalous events within your portfolio. You guy's have an enormous amount of data and you are very good at mining that. Historically, the anomalies that you saw, the spike in bankruptcies, the deterioration of late phase BK roll rates, and the deterioration of recoveries, is that a sign that things are getting worse or is that a sign that the problems are starting to burn out, where does that occur in the credit cycle?
Rich Fairbank: Richard I don't even think these things arise to be called really anomalous events. I mean this world has so many, so much uncertainty around there. When we try to guide you with what's baking in the oven, it is still an imprecise thing, I don't think any of us would characterize the developments in BK role rates or recoveries to be anything more than just in a sense worsening, the thing that probably most has our attention in the quarter really are none of these things, it’s really the very significant increase in unemployment rate. So, and if you also, but if you also go back and just sort of track how all the contributors to losses that have gone sort of contractuals, bankruptcies and recoveries, the one that's most strikingly degrading overtime is bankruptcies and recoveries is probably, and recoveries moving closure with then to contractuals but a little bit worse. So it is just an example though despite all of our good efforts to try to carefully forecast the stuff, it’s just a reminder at the end of the day that this is an imprecise science, but I wouldn't get too carried away with the anomalous nature of these events. 
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will take our final question for the evening from Ken Bruce with Banc of America/Merrill Lynch.
Ken Bruce - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you, good evening and I appreciate for taking the time to answer the questions. We discussed the nature of the installment loans, I was hopping you might be able to provide some qualitative information about what is in that portfolio, I know you said in the past there were high FICO, that higher indebtedness borrowers, can you provide any additional clarity as to what's in that installment loan book why it's performing as bad as it is, what's your, if you are concerned with the broader consumer revolving portfolio will begin to demonstrate similar trends please?
Rich Fairbank: Yes, Ken, these loans went mostly to high FICO customers, a lot of them fairly super prime customers, but the key thing is they tended to be relatively more indebted customers than in our card business. And that's why they've proven to be ultimately more vulnerable in this downturn. Now, it's not that in doing the installment loan business we sought more indebted people, it's really the nature of the selection that happens with respect to this product. People attracted people who had very good credit records but had higher indebtedness and this has always been something that we've been very cautious about frankly across our whole business, it's a key reason we've had a relatively low mix on the revolver side and of more indebted folks. But here is an example probably within our portfolio, example of the part of our business that's attracted relatively more the higher indebted folks here. However, there is another thing about this Ken, that is really charge-off math and that is that the relative growth of the installment loan business was a fair amount higher over the last probably in the '07 - '08 time period than the credit card business which really didn't basically grow at all. So, in the installment loan business started off a much smaller base. So, you have just the math of more recent vintages here that is also really affecting the metrics. We have certainly found with respect to, it's almost the universal thing one finds across all the credits businesses. The vintages that you originated right at the penultimate days before the downturn, those tend to be performing the worse and that has a lot higher mix in our installment loan business, and we’re probably less than the average card company to have that kind of mix in our card business. Then finally the installment loan metrics have a big denominator effect because we’re basically shutting down the originations of these things. So, all those are conspiring to give this effect, but we are junkies about analyzing where you get positive and negative selection in credit. This is one of the wonderful and awful things about lending. It is not like actuarial prediction of things in the insurance base. This is about things that the intersection of supply and demand, and it's all about whether you attract positive or negative selection. One thing that I’ve always liked about the credit card business is that it attracts people who are not solely there just for a loan. They are into product by being a combination of a transactional product and an occasional or opportunistic borrowing product. It tends to have better selection sometimes with respect to credit and also a better opportunity for revenue, and a greater resilience for things we’ve talked about. So, that’s the (inaudible) again.
Ken Bruce - Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And when you walked in on Thursday to this working session with the administration, are you at all concerned that they are going to be pulling the credit card industry to be more lenient on credit and doing something that are frankly counterproductive given the economic cycle?
Rich Fairbank :   Well, I don’t know if we really know quiet what to expect from the meeting on Thursday, but as a macro point, we are very concerned about the highly politicized environment right now. One thing about the credit card business, this is a very complicated business that has witnessed the fact that the regulators in doing Reg AA, UDAP rules to basically two years, 65,000 comment letters and what feels I am sure to them like lifetimes to pull together the consumer issues and the safety and soundness issues in a very, very thoughtful set of rules. And now we sort of enter the political environment and the intersection of a lot of controversy about credit card practices at the very same time of course of the big downturn. I think this is high stakes environment and the most important thing is to get past the rhetoric to focus on really what's going on in the business, what is already being achieved by the federal reserve rules that haven’t even been implemented yet. And also to understand the consequences of what may happen with respect to consumer credit availability by virtue of some of the ideas that have been proposed in Congress. So, this is a high stakes time for card companies, it's the high stakes time for I think for what happens with respect to the consumer credit availability and we look forward to a good conversation on that.
Jeff Norris: That concludes our earning call for this evening. Thank you very much for joining us on the conference call tonight, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Now the investor relations staff will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good evening.
Operator:   That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris – Managing Vice President Investor Relations Richard D. Fairbank – Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Gary L. Perlin – Chief Financial Officer & Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts:  Robert Napoli – Piper Jaffray & Co. Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co. Kenneth Bruce – Merrill Lynch Donald Fandetti – Citigroup Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus [Mike Tiano] – Sandler O’Neill Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Steven Morton – J. P. Morgan Scott Valentin – Friedman Billings & Ramsey John Stilmar – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities Bruce Harting – Barclays Bank  
Operator :  Welcome the Capital One fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks there will be a question and answer period. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jeff Norris:  Welcome everyone to Capital One’s fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet please log on to Capital One’s website at www.CapitalOne.com and follow the links from there. In addition, to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2008 results.  With me today is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release please go to Capital One’s website, click on investors then click on quarterly earnings release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section entitled forward-looking information in the earnings release presentation in the risk factors section of our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank.
Richard D. Fairbank : I’ll begin tonight on Slide Three. Capital One’s operating results before goodwill impairment were a net loss of $585 million or -$1.59 per share in the fourth quarter of 2008 and net income of $895 million or $2.28 per share for the full year. Earnings from continuing operations which include goodwill impairment were negative in the quarter and slightly positive for the full year. And, total company earnings which add in the impact of discontinued operations and restructuring costs were negative for both the quarter and the year.  All three views of earnings reflect significant declines in both sequential quarter and year-over-year comparisons. The declines were primarily driven by higher provision expense. It comes as no surprise that credit performance and our credit outlook are the biggest drivers of fourth quarter and full year results. Charge offs increased across our lending businesses as the broad based economic downturn accelerated during the quarter. Additionally, our economic outlook for the next 12 months has deteriorated so we added just over $1 billion to our allowance for loan losses in anticipation of increasing charge offs in 2009. I’ll discuss credit performance and our outlook in just a moment. The quarterly and annual results also include a non-cash write down of $811 million of the goodwill associated with our auto finance business which Gary will discuss in more detail in a few minutes.  Against the backdrop of economic worsening and volatile markets, our strong and transparent balance sheet positions us to navigate the increasing cyclical credit headwinds. On the asset side of our balance sheet we’ve avoided many of the significant exposures and risks that banks are now experiencing. For example, residential mortgage and home equity lending comprised only about 8% of our total managed loans and construction lending comprises less than 2% of our total managed loans. We have no CDOs or [CIVs] in our investment portfolio. Economic stress certainly impacted our lending businesses causing rising charge offs over time and periodic additions to the allowance for loan losses. But, our assets do not create large sudden and unexpected mark-to-market write downs. Therefore, the risk to our balance sheet are relatively transparent and we anticipate and take actions to mitigate the impact of expected future losses.  We’ve increased our immediately available and committed liquidity to $40 billion. Total deposits at year end were $109 billion, up strongly for both the quarter and the full year and despite higher charge offs and the significant additions to our allowance in anticipation of future expected loan losses our tangible common equity to total managed assets or TCE stood at 5.6% at year end.  Slide Four summarizes delinquency and loss trends by business. Economic deterioration intensified during the fourth quarter driving increasing delinquency and charge off rates across all of our lending businesses. In short, we’ve been expecting economic worsening to become more evident in our own portfolio metrics for several quarters and it appears that the economic decline is in fact having a more direct impact on our portfolio trends in the fourth quarter.  In the US card business delinquencies and slow rates worsened in the fourth quarter. We also saw increasing severity, increasing bankruptcy filings and declining recoveries performance in the quarter. The US card business includes about $12 billion of installment loans, point-of-sale loans and unsecured closed end small business loans. These unsecured closed end loans are experiencing a greater degree of credit degradation than revolving credit card loans. Unsecured closed end loans are more weighted towards recent origination vintages and the credit performance of recent vintages is worse than that of older vintages. While our unsecured closed end loan customers are high FICO, they generally have higher indebtedness levels than credit card customers and we’ve observed greater increases in the risk of unsecured closed end loan customers in the boom and bust housing markets as compared to credit card customers in those geographies. While unsecured closed end loans account for about 15% of the oustandings in our US card business, these loans drove about 45% of the allowance build for the US card business. This outsized allowance impact is the result of both the differentially worse credit performance and the fact that unsecured closed end loans are predominately on balance sheet.  In our national lending segment we’ve stopped originating the vast majority of unsecured closed end loans and we’ve exited small business closed end loan originations. In fact, we did that in early 2008. To be clear, we continue to originate small business credit cards nationally and we continue to grow our relationship based small business loans and deposits in our local banking markets. Fourth quarter charge off rate in the US card business was 7.08% in line with the expectations we conveyed last quarter. However, we now expected that the US card charge off rate for the first quarter of 2009 will be around 8.1% rather than the mid 7% range we previously communicated. Unsecured closed end loans drove about 75% of this change as a result of the denominator effect of declining balances and differentially worse credit performance. We expect the denominator impact and credit performance of unsecured closed ends loans will continue to have an adverse impact on the US card charge off rates throughout 2009. We also expect continuing pressure on US card charge off rates through 2009 from the implementation of the OCC minimum payment policies which I discussed in some detail last quarter.  Credit trends in the international business reflect increasing economic deterioration in the UK offset by relative stability in our Canadian business. Auto finance credit trends continue to show the impact of seasonality, broad economic worsening, the denominator effect of the shrinking auto loan portfolio and the impact of sharply falling used car auction prices. We expect these trends to continue in to 2009.  Our 2008 originations continue to show early but encouraging results in our auto business. As we’ve retrenched and repositioned the business we’ve been able to originate loans with lower LTVs to customers with higher FICO scores. At the same time we’ve been able to improve pricing and margins in the current competitive environment. As a result we expect that the 2008 originations will yield adequate risk adjusted returns.  Early delinquency and loss performance of 2008 originations are consistent with our expectations. While declining loan balances pressure the optics of delinquency rate, charge off rate and other ratios with loans in the denominator we expect that the shrinking auto portfolio and improving credit profitability characteristics of the 2008 vintages will partially offset the negative impacts of the downturn and the continued seasoning of the more challenged 2006 and 2007 vintages. Credit performance also worsened in our local banking business in the quarter as the widening recession took hold in our local markets. Non-performing loans as a percentage of managed loans and charge off rates both increased in the quarter primarily as a result of increasing economic stress in the metro New York City market and to a lesser degree in Louisiana and Texas.  Our local banking consumer business also experienced an increase in severity as residential real estate collateral values fell. Across our businesses increasing losses and significant allowance build in anticipation of future losses drove sharp declines in profitability in the fourth quarter. Despite these significant credit pressures, our local banking and international businesses remained profitable for the full year 2008 and our US card business delivered $1 billion in net income for the year. Slide Five summarizes our outlook for managed losses for 2009. For several quarters we’ve articulated the next 12 months credit outlook associated with our setting of allowance. Unemployment and home prices have been and continue to be the most important economic variables that factor in to our outlook. Just three months ago the unemployment rate was 6.5% and we assumed it would rise to around 7% by mid 2009. That assumption was consistent with the consensus estimate at the time. There are many data sources that look at home price trends and we use several sources. As one example, at the end of the third quarter the Case-Shiller 20 City Index has fallen 21% from its peak and we assumed a further 10 percentage points decline in home prices by mid 2009. With these economic assumptions we had an outlook for about $7.2 billion in managed losses for the 12 months covering the fourth quarter of 2008 through the third quarter of 2009.  Economic conditions and consensus estimates of 2009 unemployment rate have deteriorated rapidly during the fourth quarter. Today, the unemployment rate is 7.2% already higher than the three month old consensus for mid 2009. There is a wide range of economists’ estimates for unemployment rate in 2009 ranging from about 8% to 9% and in a few cases above. We’re currently assuming that unemployment rate reaches 8.7% by the end of 2009. We’re using this assumption to set the loss outlook associated with our allowance and for our internal planning. But, to be clear, we continue to underwrite to a more severe unemployment assumption and we continue to conduct resilience testing to a variety of unemployment and economic scenarios many of which are well in excess of our planning assumptions. We’re also assuming that home prices continue to fall. At year end the Case-Shiller 20 City Index was down about 25% from its peak and we’re assuming it will decline by another 10 percentage points by the end of 2009. With our current economic assumptions we have an outlook for about $8.6 billion in managed losses over the next 12 months which happens to be the full year of 2009. Gary will discuss how our managed loss outlook factors in to our allowance for loan losses later in this call.  On Slide Six you can see that the mix of our earning assets shifted in 2008. While we originated several billion of new loans in the fourth quarter, ending loan balances did not grow in the quarter and declined modestly from the prior year. Several factors had a negative impact on ending loan balances in the fourth quarter of 2008. These factors include rising charge offs, normal amortization and attrition, declining purchase volumes and tightened underwriting in the midst of the economic downturn. Together these factors offset loan originations in the fourth quarter.  We’ve grown our investment portfolio throughout 2008. In the fourth quarter we purchased over $6 billion of high quality investment securities backed by mortgage and consumer loans. With fixed income securities trading at historically wide spreads we’ve seen compelling investment opportunities. In the current economic and market environment, investing our deposit funding in high quality short duration securities provides appropriate risk adjusted returns for our shareholders and supports the recovery and stabilization of secondary markets that are critical to consumer lending and the economy. Gary will discuss the portfolio in a few moments. Fourth quarter loan growth in the US card business was weaker than usual on the heels of week holiday spending. Managed loans grew by $1.6 billion or about 2% in the quarter. Fourth quarter balance growth resulted from the continuation of trends we experienced in the third quarter including weak but still positive seasonal balance growth, a decline in payment rates and fewer balance transfers away from Capital One.  Managed loans in the auto finance business declined by approximately $800 million in the quarter as a result of our ongoing repositioning of the business. Originations in the fourth quarter were about $1.5 billion, down more than 50% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007 and relatively flat compared to the third quarter of this year.  Managed loans in the international business declined by about $1.5 billion as a result of foreign exchange rate impacts as well as lower originations in the UK as the economy there continues to weaken. Local banking managed loans grew by about $420 million. Just as in prior quarters expected run off of residential mortgage loans partially offset growth in our middle market commercial franchise.  In 2009 we expect that charge offs, normal amortization and attrition and weaker spending and loan demand from credit worthy customers will more than offset originations driving a decline in managed loans. We expect that the decline in earning assets will be more modest resulting in a continuing mix shift from loans to high quality investment securities backed by mortgage and consumer loans.  As you can see on Slide Seven, total deposits grew 10% quarter-over-quarter and 31% year-over-year to $109 billion. We achieved this deposit growth while maintaining pricing discipline and margins. Ending deposits in our local banking business were $79 billion, up $3.8 billion or 5% from the third quarter and up $5.8 billion or 8% from the prior year. Local banking deposit growth accelerated in the quarter as our deposits strategies which focus on strong customer relationships, new products like our rewards checking and our well known brand gained traction. Local banking deposit margins were stable in 2008.  Gary will discuss our significant liquidity position in a few moments. In addition to our strong local banking deposit growth we also leveraged our other deposit gathering channel, brokered CDs, to build our liquidity in 2008. We continued our strategy of pricing below market leaders and setting prices to attract longer term deposits. The weighted average maturity of the brokered CDs we originated in the fourth quarter was about 27 months. Pricing discipline in this deposit channel helped us to achieve an improvement in overall deposit rates over the year. We drove significant deposit growth with disciplined pricing end margins in 2008 a year in which competition for deposits increased dramatically. We expect to growth local banking deposits in 2009. Growth in total deposits is expected to be somewhat slower than growth in local banking deposits. We also expected to maintain disciplined pricing in deposit margins in 2009.  While we’re on the subject of deposits I’d like to briefly mention our agreement to acquire Chevy Chase Bank which we announced in the fourth quarter. Slide Eight provides an overview of the acquisition. Because of our strong balance sheet we were able to realize a opportunity to acquire a leading local banking franchise in one of the best local banking markets in the United States.  Frank Saul and all of the leaders and employees of Chevy Chase Bank built a truly excellent local bank with exceptional customer relationships and technology capabilities. Adding Chevy Chase to our local banking business will expand our portfolio of attractive local banking franchises and further improve our core deposit funding base.  Credit risk is mitigated by a $1.75 billion net mark which is consistent with a 75% default rate and 45% severity on the Chevy Chase portfolio of out of footprint option ARM mortgages. And, the close proximity of Chevy Chase’s local market to the Capital One headquarters reduced integration risk and enables synergies.  We’ve had a chance to learn even more about the people and capabilities of Chevy Chase as we’ve begun our integration efforts and based on what we’ve seen so far we’re even more excited about the prospects of combining Chevy Chase with our local banking business.  Slide Nine summarizes margin trends. Revenue margin, net interest margin and risk adjusted margin all declined on both a sequential quarter and year-over-year basis. Deteriorating credit and credit outlook drove declines in revenue margin and risk adjusted margin. The outlook for higher losses was the primary drive of the -$131 million valuation adjustment to our interest only strip in the fourth quarter. The value of the interest only strip at the end of the quarter was $141 million. As our credit outlook worsens the amount of finance charge and fee revenue deemed uncollectible increases. We don’t recognize revenue on finance charges and fees we don’t expect to collect. In the fourth quarter of 2008, billed but unrecognized revenue was $591 million. This compares to $446 million in the third quarter of 2008 and $379 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. Revenue margin also declined as a result of lower purchase volumes in US cards. Fourth quarter net interest margin declined as a result of prime LIBOR dislocation in the quarter as well as the mix shift from loans to investment securities I discussed earlier. While the prime LIBOR spread has returned to normal levels the mix shift in earnings assets is expected to continue in to 2009. We expect a modest decline in full year 2009 revenue margin compared to full year 2008 with quarter-to-quarter variability. As you can see on Slide 10, our efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter was 47.9%, up over 500 basis points from the third quarter. The increase in the quarter resulted from lower revenue dollars and an expected seasonal increase in expenses. The efficiency ratio for the full year 2008 was 43.1% an improvement of 416 basis points year-over-year. The improvement in annual efficiency ratio resulted from the efficiency actions we’ve taken over the course of the year. These actions also resulted in a $447 million annual improvement in operating expenses in 2008.  Now, Gary will pick up the discussion beginning with our allowance for loan losses. 
Gary L. Perlin : Clearly the economic environment has been and will continue to be challenging for some time. But, despite the materially worse economic outlook we factored in, we have record levels of liquidity, our investment portfolio is transparent and low risk and our capital levels are amongst the strongest in the industry. Indeed, our balance sheet is the financial bedrock of our company and will provide the necessary stability to operate through this challenging economy.  I’ll start my comments on Slide 11 by discussing how our assumptions on key economic indicators and our outlook for materially weaker credit described by Rich are driving the steep increase in allowance coverage ratios. Our allowance now stands at $4.5 billion after building an additional $1 billion in the fourth quarter. Please recall that we only hold allowance for on balance sheet loans so this $4.5 billion is consistent with the expectation for $8.6 billion of managed losses in 2009 described by Rich. As a result of this build, our allowance as a percentage of reported loans as well as the allowance as a percentage of reported delinquencies in each of our national lending sub segments materially increased in the quarter. As consumers continued to feel increasing pressure we not only expect a higher percentage of those currently delinquent to charge off but also a higher percentage of our customers who are currently paying their bills to become delinquent. Whenever we begin to see stabilization of losses in consumer lending and in our closed end lending products in particular I would expect our coverage ratios to begin stabilizing as well. Moving on to another balance sheet item that had a material impact on our income statement in the quarter, I’ll discuss goodwill on Slide 12. We completed our annual goodwill testing in the fourth quarter and a result of our analysis we recognized an $811 million non-cash impairment to the value of goodwill in the auto sub segment. Such an impairment has no effect on our tangible capital ratios.  We had $12.8 billion of goodwill on our balance sheet at the beginning of the year, most of which was created in association with our acquisitions of [Hibernia] and [North Forks] banks. Goodwill was allocated to each of our major business lines in recognition of the fact that the benefits of lower cost funding and an overall reduced risk profile of the company from those acquisitions would accrue to each of our business lines.  A starting balance of $1.4 billion of goodwill was in the auto sub segment resulting largely from the banks but also from our auto related acquisitions of Summit Acceptance Corporation, People First and Onyx Acceptance Corporation. Our decision to scale back originations volume by some 50% has led to an expectation that our auto business will remain smaller than our previous estimates and therefore its fair value has been reduced. After recognizing the $811 million non-cash impairment, auto now carries $619 million of goodwill. After conducting similar analysis for the other sub segments we concluded that goodwill impairment was not required.  You’ve now heard from Rich about credit, margins and non-interest expense and I’ve just described our allowance build and goodwill impairment. So, turning to Slide 13, I’ll tie them all together to discuss our overall financial performance for the year. By all accounts the economic pressures of 2008 created numerous challenges for the financial performance of Capital One. However, controlling for the impact of credit and non-cash impairments on our financial results, the underlying earnings power of our company remains quite strong. At a time when the economy is contracting, our revenue actually rose by 6% prior to the impact of the change in our IO strip valuation and the suppression of finance charges and fees. Even taken in to account the $1 billion impact of those factors which are largely driven by the same credit expectations which determine our allowance build, our revenue was stable year-over-year and as Rich discussed earlier, we began taking purposeful steps to right size our cost structure nearly 18 months ago, well ahead of the economic pressures we’re now experiencing.  By implementing many of those efficiency actions in 2007 and early 2008 and as a result of reduced marketing spend this past year, we were able to manage our full year 2008 non-interest expense down by 8% while revenue remained stable. Looking ahead, we will continue to benefit from our cost actions and will pursue additional efforts to achieve sustainable efficiencies by reducing costs without taking actions that sacrifice our future including realizing synergies from the Chevy Chase acquisition while ensuring a smooth and successful integration. Clearly, provision was the primary driver of our operating earnings. With the increase in losses and degradation in our outlook causing a 66% increase in our provision expense in 2008. But, even after factoring in nearly $4.2 billion of combined credit related worsening across revenue and provision in 2008 we still earned approximately $2 per share of operating earnings before the non-cash goodwill impairment.  As we look forward, we can’t be certain how much or for how long these economic headwinds will continue to impact our credit performance and outlook. While we will maintain focus on taking disciplined and decisive steps to manage our income statement however, our primary source of strength in the near term will continue to be our rock solid balance sheet which I’ll describe in more detail beginning on Slide 14. We believe it’s prudent to maintain a robust liquidity position given current market conditions and our continued strong deposit growth contributed to an $8 billion increase in the quarter resulting in our ending the year with $40 billion in readily available liquidity. It’s also worth noting that with the closing of the Chevy Chase Bank acquisition our readily available liquidity position will be further enhanced by approximately $6 billion. While we are comforted by the absolute size of our liquidity portfolio, the true strength of our liquidity position is best evaluated by assessing its ability to support our balance sheet growth and refinancing needs. Even including the costs related to the Chevy Chase acquisition, our holding company liquidity would be sufficient to meet all its obligations and pay our current level of common stock dividend for well over three years without the need for dividends to be upstreamed from our bank subsidiaries. Moreover, our readily available liquidity is equal to six times our 2009 debt refinancing needs. But, solely looking to our stock pile understates our liquidity strength as it does not consider our capacity to raise liquidity beyond the modest amount of planned 2009 funding. As in 2008 we expected deposit growth to be the predominate source of funding in 2009. Continuing the trend of reducing the importance of securitization and other capital market funding to our company. As Rich noted, deposits in our bank channels are rising and margins are stable despite an increasingly competitive environment. At these levels, bank deposits are more attractive than the various government liquidity programs for which we are eligible or any other source of funds. You’ll note that the growth in readily available liquidity came mainly in the form of increased cash and unencumbered investments funded by deposits.  The high quality nature of this portfolio has always served as an important source of liquidity to us. Recently we’ve taken advantage of the dislocation in the capital markets to acquire relatively short duration high credit quality securities. These include government backed TLGP bank issue debt, agency mortgage backed securities as well as asset backed securities in classes we know very well all with extremely attractive risk adjusted returns. Turning to Slide 15 I’ll discuss that investment portfolio in more detail. We continue to maintain our long standing approach of holding highly liquid low risk investments in our portfolio rather than taking excessive credit risk to generate incremental returns. This investment approach can be attributed to our heritage of capital markets based fundings. Years ago Capital One needed to invest in highly liquidity securities because they had to be available to sell or pledge to raise liquidity at a moment’s notice if the capital markets weren’t available to us. Despite becoming a deposit rich bank over the past few years, we’ve largely maintained this investment philosophy. As market participants are well aware, the value of many fixed income securities fell materially in the fourth quarter in response to dislocation across the capital markets despite the good intentions embodied in [inaudible] government programs. As a consequence investment portfolio valuations have declined for many banks in turn pressuring tangible capital ratios.  Accordingly, I’d like to provide a detailed view of our investment portfolio, its fourth quarter performance and its impact on our capital. At the end of the year we had $32 billion in our investment portfolio comprising about 15% of our managed balance sheet with an average duration of about three and a half years. Much of this portfolio was built in 2008 including some $4 billion in the fourth quarter when high quality securities faced a dearth of ready buyers.  $23 billion or about 73% of the portfolio is comprised of treasuries, agencies and agency backed MBS. Despite the continued dislocation in market liquidity from fixed income securities in the fourth quarter, the fair market value of the total portfolio was approximately 97% of its book value as of the end of the year. The portfolio had a net unrealized pre-tax loss which will appear in other comprehensive income or OCI of approximately $1.1 billion. The largest contributor to the net unrealized loss in the portfolio as you can see was our $3.8 billion non-agency backed MBS which had an unrealized loss of just over $1 billion. 99% of these securities carry at least one AAA rating. They are backed by prime jumbo mortgage collateral with an average FICO score over 730 and have an average life of under two years.  Two thirds of these AAA securities are considered super senior AAA since they were structured with at least two times the credit enhancement necessary for a AAA rating. Given these enhancement levels on average, they could sustain cumulative collateral losses in excess of 950 basis points before they would start to suffer a principal loss. As referenced, on average [inaudible] losses on the collateral backing this portfolio is currently 10 basis points.  So, despite the deeply discounted prices of these securities resulting from the lack of liquidity in the secondary markets, we continue to expect to be fully repaid principal, a reasonable assumption given the credit enhancement levels and short remaining life. In fact, over the first few weeks of January, we have actually sold $68 million of this portfolio which we had marked as of December 31, 2008 at an substantial discount to our amortized costs for a slight gain and as has been the case we still do not own any [CIVs], CDOs or leveraged loans nor do we have exposure to equity hybrids or securities backed by option ARMs. As a result of the relative lack of high risk securities we recognized only $5 million of other than temporary impairment marks in the fourth quarter or about 50 basis points of the total unrealized loss related to our remaining $26 million in subprime mortgage bonds. In total we held less than $70 million in securities with subprime collateral. Given the quality, size and diversity of our liquidity portfolio and the ability to use many of these securities as collateral for borrowing at the Fed, federal home loan banks and other government sponsored liquidity programs, we very confident that we can hold temporarily depressed securities to maturity.  With the low risk of either principal loss or the need to liquidity prematurity we do not expect our unrealized loss to migrate in to any material realized loss that would reduce our capital which I’ll now discuss further on Slide 16. For years we have told you that we manage the company primarily to a tangible common equity to tangible managed asset ratio largely because we believe it is the most appropriate and durable measure of capital adequacy.  As you can see in the graph on Slide 16 our TCE ratio decreased 90 basis points in the fourth quarter to 5.57%. About half or 45 basis points of the decrease is attributable to the change in value of OCI with the other half largely driven by our fourth quarter results. Given the variety of measures of capital now being used by other banks, we’re providing a similar view of these other measures as a reference for analysts and investors.  In light of the strength of any measurement of our TCE position, our regulatory capital ratios continued to be markedly above well capitalized minimum. You’ll recall that at the time we announced our intent to acquire Chevy Chase Bank, we stated that the transaction would decrease our TCE ratio by approximately 100 basis points upon closing. If we were to look at our current capital ratios, pro forma with Chevy Chase we’d have a TCE ratio of 4.6%.  Although this would put us below our long term target for TCE, we believe all our capital ratios including TCE would remain healthy. Please remember that the capital impact of Chevy Chase already incorporates the lifetime losses we expect to experience on the Chevy Chase portfolio including an assumption of a 33% net loss on the option ARM portfolio which is equivalent to a 75% default rate with a 45% severity.  We continue to believe that mark is appropriate and net of these marked assets Chevy Chase’s other assets are very low risk and will have the impact of lowering the overall risk profile of Capital One. After accounting for the Chevy Chase acquisition and despite the potential for earnings pressure beyond the expected impact of the economic weakness on our provision, we believe that active management of our balance sheet will enable us to maintain stable capital ratios. Putting it all together; our capital strength remains a key cornerstone of our company. We will continue to maintain a strong TCE ratio and we have a material cushion above all regulatory capital ratios. Our relatively simple and transparent balance sheet minimizes the risk of large unexpected losses. Looking ahead, we are comfortable with our current and forecasted levels of TCE assuming our current dividend level. Obviously, we will actively manage our capital in conjunction with our evolving views of the economy and our portfolio. Turning to the final Slide I’ll summarize my thoughts of how the balance sheet will provide a strong foundation for our company. As we look ahead at the new year we do so with the knowledge that we are in the midst of the most challenging part of the economic cycle for our company. Charge offs will almost certainly worsen in 2009 in fact, if our current outlook proves accurate we’ll experience a similar year-over-year dollar degradation to that experienced in 2008. While I can’t predict changes to our allowance in 2009 without choosing among a wide range of possible losses and estimates in 2010, it’s safe to say that our 2009 provision expense will be well above that in 2008. With that said, our pre-provision earnings remain healthy as our management team takes disciplined and decisive steps to navigate this storm. But, the real root of my confidence stems from the fact that our balance sheet remains transparent and solid. In the face of significant economic weakening, we have substantially increased our allowance coverage ratios, grown our readily available liquidity at records level, maintained our unwavering commitment to manage our investment portfolio in a low risk manner and maintained healthy capital ratios even against the most conservative measurements. When taken together these factors will allow us to weather the storm and leverage our strength to deliver value over the cycle. With that, Rich and I will welcome your questions. 
Jeff Norris:  We will now start the Q&A session. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow up question. If you have any follow up questions after the Q&A session, the investor relations staff will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Napoli – Piper Jaffray & Co.
Robert Napoli – Piper Jaffray & Co.: My first question is on just digging in to the spending a little bit more on the US card business spending that you reported was down 10%. I was wondering if you could give more color around that if that’s a pure spending number or if you backed out balance transfers does that number change? And, what kind of trend are you seeing on spending in January so far? Has the trend worsened in to January.
Richard D. Fairbank : I don’t have the January numbers right in front of me but we certainly saw a notable decline in payment rates in the later part of the year and their down about 10% from a year ago. Basically what we see in our business is pretty consistent with what we see in the competitor data and consistent with essentially what seems to be reported by retailers. There’s also we do see a trend in balance transfers out. Our data is pure purchase volume not balance transfer, not cash advance so that’s a clear number.
Robert Napoli – Piper Jaffray & Co.: A follow up just on pricing in the credit card market, a number of your competitors I believe that they have been pretty clear that they have implemented price increases that I think we’ll see in the month of January. First of all, have you done similar and given that the consumer is already under pressure do you expect that to have additional upwards pressure on your credit losses?
Richard D. Fairbank : Bob, I think the net impact for card issuers like ourselves and our competitors, the net impact of repricing economically is going to be a strong positive. Any of these repricings will have second order effects in terms of increasing – can have some credit impacts but that’s certainly factored in, in our own calculations. Dynamic pricing management is certainly a part of how we manage the business and this year is no exception to that so we do have underway selected repricing in our portfolio. But, the net affect I think will be unquestionably positive in terms of the P&L of our business. I think that from extensive experience on repricing, APR based repricing, we certainly I think are pretty well grounded on the relatively modest second order credit affects. There are also some attrition affects as well but we’ve got that all factored in.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank.
Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank: I was just wondering if there is any noise in the numbers because link quarter revenue is up 6%, expenses down 6%, is there anything seasonal or not permanent? I’m sure you don’t like to have that relationship, or anything new that you might be doing to get expenses under control?
Gary L. Perlin : If you’re taking a look at the link quarters year-over-year remember that in the fourth quarter of ’07 we had a significant increase in that one quarter because of some litigation expenses related to the Visa settlement. On the revenue side, if you’ll remember, the fourth quarter of 2007 was pretty much the apogee of our revenue margin, particularly in the card business.  You’ll recall we had not made significant changes to any of the pricing or fees in our credit card portfolio through much of 2006 while we were migrating our technology platform. A lot of those changes were introduced throughout the course of 2007 and they tended to peak in the fourth quarter of 2007. So, you’re right there were some unique things in the fourth quarter ’07 so comparing it to fourth quarter ’08 I can understand what you’re looking at.
Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank: Well, I was looking a little bit more third quarter versus fourth quarter and maybe you don’t think that’s a fair comparison link quarter but it looks like revenues were down a lot more than expenses were up?
Gary L. Perlin : Revenues remember between the third quarter and fourth quarter, there are a number of credit related items in our revenue line item Mike so it’s going to be the combination of what Rich was describing earlier which was a right down of our IO strip which of course is highly credit related although there’s also a little bit of downward pressure through the prime LIBOR spread and also an increase to the amount of fees that are suppressed as a result of the new outlook for credit that we applied to our fourth quarter results.  So, if you simply take the IO strip of $131 million write down in the fourth quarter, suppression was up about $140 million between the third quarter and the fourth quarter, that explains most of the movement in revenue. As far as the expense side, fourth quarter we always tend to have a bit of seasonal uptick in expenses, various adjustments, we have an ongoing program of renewing some of our technology platforms and so forth and that just tend to hit in the fourth quarter. So, I would not read anything in terms of a shift in the run rate of either revenues or expenses in to those numbers.
Mike Mayo – Deutsche Bank: So maybe expenses go closer to the third quarter level going ahead?
Gary L. Perlin : I would take a look at the average spend rate over the course of 2008 and not focus on the particular movement in the fourth quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co.
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co.:  A couple of quick questions, historically what is the lag between the peak in unemployment and the peak in charge offs just so we have a way of looking at this going forward?
Richard D. Fairbank : I want to caution what I am going to say is based on the extensive examination of two humps of a camel so it’s a little bit of a limited data set. But, if you look particularly at the ’90, ’91 recession you can see a clear lag where unemployment actually lags charge offs in the credit card business by something on the order of six months.  In fact, I was the other day looking at unemployment data back for many decades it caught my eye that unemployment peaked in 1992, I believe it was June of 1992 that unemployment peaked at that time and we were way, many months in to a ranging aggressive roll out of our balance transfer product. So, I was reminded that our own view of the inflection point certainly proceeded the peak of unemployment. If you look at the 2001 to 2002 it doesn’t appear to be as much of a lag. So, our view is we have to manage under the assumption that there is no lag whatsoever. It will be an upside benefit if it turns out, and it’s plausible that some of the worsening that we see in our own portfolio which is a very real time measure of consumer behavior, that-that could in face preceded certain unemployment performance.  But, we are making no assumptions to that affect and we are assuming therefore that all of the projected worsening in unemployment will directly show up as incremental charge offs in our business.
Rick Shane – Jefferies & Co.: Of the $8.6 billion of loss guidance or reserve guidance for the next 12 months, how much of that is in the next nine months?
Richard D. Fairbank : In the next nine months basically $900 million of the $1.4 billion is in basically the next nine months and $500 million comes from substituting the fourth quarter of last year for the fourth quarter of this year. I think it’s a very important point that you mentioned, so in some of the past, the last couple of times we’ve given you this 12 month window, we pretty much said all of the incremental outlook of the charge offs is coming from adding the forward quarter and taking away the trialing quarter but it is noteworthy that $900 million is essentially in the worsening outlook for the overlapping three quarters. Just to comment on that, still sort of the question how much of that is sort of what we see baking in our oven and how much is sort of in a sense sort of has to happen if we assume the full worsening that would be implied by the dramatically increased unemployment rate. It’s got to show up pretty darn soon in our credit metrics. I think the way that I would describe it is that while still a fair amount of the worsening is not necessarily baking in our numbers but is sort of plausibly, sort of mathematically needs to happen in order to get to the number. I think I would describe though that what we’ve seen in roll rates and in delinquencies over the last couple of months at least plausible the uptick there gives us sort of a way to connect the dots between a pretty high charge off number that we’re projecting is coming and sort of what we see at this point in our own numbers.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Kenneth Bruce – Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce – Merrill Lynch: Could you give me some sense as to what you see the lower balance for the tangible common equity being? I understand you’ve got a strong capital base and you’re looking at this on a range of metrics but whether it be 4.6 or otherwise, how are you think about what the downside could be there?
Gary L. Perlin : Glad to take that question. Again, we’re very comfortable where we are and where we will be after the Chevy Chase acquisition is a strong place to be in terms of TCE and as I suggested we’re quite comfortable even with the current outlook and some of the scenarios one might run around it that we can maintain a level that is stable and around those levels. Again, it comes from the fact that most of our assets provide us a pretty good forward view of the losses that are coming.  We systematically are building allowance and therefore trying to stay current with the view there. Our investment securities as I went in to quite some detail, do not hold a lot of risk of large and material unexpected losses. So, if you take in to account which obviously we have, the current loss outlook that Rich just described, we bake those in to our numbers, we run some stress scenarios and keeping in mind the tools we have to manage our balance sheet growth, the mix of our balance sheet, the increasingly liquid nature of our balance sheet and other levers, we are quite confident that we can maintain healthy capital ratios. That said, we’re in a cycle where it’s always hard to predict with absolute certainly where things are going and should our outlook materially change we’ll evaluate the reasonableness of our position and what steps we need to take to maintain it.
Kenneth Bruce – Merrill Lynch: When you look at the closed end loans that are clearly underperforming at this stage, what is it about either the underwriting or the characteristics of that group of loans that makes that different than say a normal revolving credit card? Or, what would you suppose is maybe leading to the worse than expected performance at this point?
Richard D. Fairbank : There are several factors involving the closed end loans Ken. From a credit point of view, closed end loans tend to attract, just sort of by the nature who the customer base is that pursues an installment loan attends to attract a customer base that is a little more credit intense if you will relative to say the broad swath of our credit card base because, credit cards of course is also a transactional product as well as a borrowing product. These closed end loans in fact were to pretty darn strikingly high FICO customers basically super prime customers by profile but they certainly have degraded a lot more quickly than the overall sort of equivalent super prime credit card customer. A couple of things about the boom and bust market that we have seen, they are performing worse than the boom and bust market, we can see that, then the credit cards. And, the have a higher concentration in boom and bust markets as well. Also, at our particular portfolio there’s just a higher percentage kind of concentration of more recent vintages of closed end loans so that’s less a statement about closed end loans and a little bit more about our won mix. The other thing that is going to be I think probably maybe the biggest affect of closed end loans on our portfolio over the next year will be the denominator affect of the closed end loans which we have basically shut down the origination of the significant majority of our closed end installment loans.  Those things tend to amortize fairly rapidly and the denominator affect of that will materially impact our portfolio over the next year. It’s generally something in the kind of neighborhood of 50 basis points, their relative contribution to our charge off rate next year. That worsening will be in the neighborhood of 50 basis points. Actually, the vast majority of that is just the denominator affect. But, as you cross calibrate versus other card businesses keep that one in mind. In fact, there are a couple of things we’re going to need to lug around next year relative to our metrics because we do have the 50 basis points OCC affect as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Donald Fandetti – Citigroup.
Donald Fandetti – Citigroup: Sort of a broader question about your card business obviously the regulatory environment is more difficult, credit is tough and funding is trickier. I’m just curious if you sort of rethought the model longer term and how you look at the business today?
Richard D. Fairbank : I assume you’re talking about the credit card business?
Donald Fandetti – Citigroup: That’s right the credit card business.
Richard D. Fairbank : Well, you know we are junkies about strategic business structure and a lot of why we’re in credit cards and in local banking is we believe they are tremendously advantaged businesses from structural point of view relative to the sort of average business in the broader commercial banking space. The Fed rules, while we are very supportive of the vast majority of the Fed rules and I think they will be a net good, I certainly do have a haunt with respect to one aspect of the Fed rules and that’s the ban on retroactive repricing. It will probably reduce long term resilience. It is likely to reduce longer term resilience in the credit card business. Not probably for this downturn but more likely for the next one. Now, when I say probably why is that? It’s all a question of how the credit card industry responds in terms of pricing. If the industry and the structure of their pricing create a structure that enables the industry to have higher go to rates accommodating the potential for the next downturn that comes then the industry in a sense would have adapted fully to this. If the industry doesn’t get there then I think there will be some reduced resilience. So, the things I’m keeping a close eye on Ken is of course the impact of the Fed rules and it’s hard to quantify because a lot depends on how competitors respond. We also are keeping a very close eye on the bankruptcy cram down legislation which I think could have significant collateral damage to unsecured lenders even though it’s not the focus of the legislation and an eye on interchange legislation which I think has loss a little steam at this point. Where I stand now and for what I anticipate will be coming, might be coming, I still deeply believe that the credit card business is still by a large margin the structurally best lending business that I have seen. I think it has the very high likelihood to generate structurally very advantaged returns for as far out as we can see and most importantly I continue to believe it will be by a larger margin the most resilient consumer lending business in the downturn.  I think the billion that our credit card business made this year despite the pressures of the downturn is testament to the fact that this is a pretty darn resilient business. Nothing is infinitely resilient but, I like where we are.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: Can you talk at all about the international in a little more detail, the sharp run off in loans there as well as the big sequential quarter-over-quarter drop off in fee income? Do you expect that business to be profitable in 2009?
Richard D. Fairbank : I’m a little reluctant, I don’t really want to be in the business of projecting annual profits in any of our businesses but, let me just talk about what’s going on in that business. When you look at the metrics by the way, of our business in the quarter, foreign exchange is really the dominate story. The dramatic things happening with respect to Pound Sterling have created a sort of significant decline in the size of that business. However, the actual decline that we expect to have in the business is not just a foreign exchange story because as we’ve looked at the UK business – I’ve often described the UK business as it’s got the structural advantages of credit card but it’s inherently the UK market there is not as strong and robust as the US. Therefore, with a pretty watchful eye we have watched both the regulatory changes in that business and the sort of mini recession they had even before this downturn a few years ago.  Our conclusion Chris, what we feel is that our best choice at this point is to really hunker down and be very, very cautious about doing too many originations in the UK. So, you’re going to see a pretty steady decline in the size of this business even without any foreign exchange effects and it’s not a statement of giving up on the business it’s a statement of saying given that this business is we think less resilient than the US card business, we’re going to really take the hunker down strategy. In fact, if I pull it way up on this thing, let me comment just for a second about at Capital One we carefully choice the lending businesses we’re in. We stayed away from mortgages and a lot of other things that I think have been tough during the downturn. You also notice that we’ve taken aggressive actions on businesses that we think have less resilience than we think they need for a very bad downturn.  That’s why on the closed end installment loans, we’ve, kind of been featuring that one today, you’ve seen the dramatic dial back in auto, although I think we’re in a very strong position there at this point and we’ve got a very close eye on the UK.
Chris Brendler – Stifel Nicolaus: A quick follow up if I could, the minimum payment change, have you gotten any early read, I guess what I am concerned would be the minimum payment change was tested in a very different economy, any early read on how that’s going? Then a sort of related question, the $8.6 billion in losses, if you do hit a 8.7% unemployment rate would that require a lot of additional reserves? I don’t think you’re going to be growing the portfolio this year so can reserves hold relatively flat if you hit the $8.6 billion in losses this year?
Richard D. Fairbank : Let me say a few things. First of all OCC min pay is coming in pretty much right in line with our expectations. We’re kind of saying about a 50 to 60 basis point impact. As I recall last quarter we said around 10 in the first quarter and about 50, 50, 50 in the following quarters. Now, that’s not cumulative that’s just basically the delta that the charge off rate will carry around because of this.  We’re kind of saying 50 to 60 to give ourselves a little bit of a cushion for the fact that this is slightly untested waters. Basically everything we’ve seen about this Chris is coming in very consistent with our prior testing so we’re happy about that.  Let me make a comment about your very good question, if the $8.6 billion of losses sort of comes to pass and the unemployment scenario comes to pass and the things appear from an economic point of view appear to be stable, looking out from there will we need a significant allowance build? My answer would be generally, conceptually no. One of the nice thing about allowance build is you get to front load your trip. It’s the good and the bad news of the thing, you get to front load your trip in to the downturn. So, in that sense, when stability comes, other things being equal we wouldn’t need an incremental allowance build. Now, one caution is because our card business still has the majority of it off balance sheet, obviously changes in term of off and on balance sheet percentages and there are a number of other effects. The other thing is while the economy will be doing what it’s doing of course a very big factor will still be what we see cooking in our own oven of our credit performance as we get to the tail end of this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Mike Tiano] – Sandler O’Neill.
[Mike Tiano] – Sandler O’Neill: Can you give us a sense as to what degree you’ve more proactively pursue loan modifications earlier in the delinquency stages relative to prior periods? Along with that maybe give us an idea, remind us of how the accounting works if you were to modify a loan and reduce the principal, how does that flow through in terms of charge offs and do those loans then go back as current?
Gary L. Perlin : Recently we’ve been doing loan modifications similar to the Fannie and Freddie programs both for mortgages on our books and where permitted on our service book. At the same time we continue to evaluate alternatives particularly with respect to the best way to manage principal modifications. As Rich reminded you earlier, we have a relatively small mortgage portfolio. Most of it is still performing pretty well so we may not be the best crucible for what’s going on there. Our view generally is the traditional approach to loan modifications do not maximize values and the conditions we face today, we think that appropriate principal and other modifications for qualified borrowers will help maximize value and help keep more people in their homes so that’s what we’re going to be looking for. As far as the accounting, since it’s really not particularly material at this point I suggest that you check in with our IR folks after the call and they’ll walk you through the details on that.
[Mike Tiano] – Sandler O’Neill: Actually I meant like with respect to the credit card business. I guess the question is I’m trying to get a sense of as customers go delinquent are you in an attempt to increase the recovery rate going to those customers and trying to work with them to reduce potentially balances in order to improve what the ultimate loss will be?
Richard D. Fairbank : We have a very, very substantial collection and recovery operation that does a lot of negotiating with our consumers. It’s not focused really on loan modifications per say. Basically, we just take each situation and try to figure out what is the ability of a customer to pay and to try to work out something that will work for the consumer and will work for capital one. So, while I’m kind of seizing your questions, loan modifications is a subject right now that is near and dear to my heart because with the political focus on cram downs, I think that I just want to savor that there can be collateral damage to unsecured lenders. If you compare in the case of someone walking away from their home versus someone going in to bankruptcy – well, let’s compare three cases, someone walks away from their home. From the point of view of an unsecured lender would have in a sense the most incremental money still to pay. If there were a loan modification that could also be helpful vis-à-vis an unsecured lender. We feel concerned about the recent proposed legislation about forced loan modifications in bankruptcy because what happens, in addition to all the issues I think bankers feel about what that can do, losing control of that on the mortgage side and all the impact on mortgage backed security pricing and potential mark-to-markets and so on.  We’re trying to get our voice out there to say that kind of as a bystander on the unsecured side, if there is a big rush of folks to go bankrupt instead of normal loan mods that will have a damaging affect on unsecured lenders.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Gary, you mentioned deposits will be the main source of funding in 2009. I guess, how should we should we think about maturing securitizations? Will they be brought back on balance sheet? And, what is the total amount that will be maturing?
Gary L. Perlin : Sanjay we’ve got about $5 billion worth of credit card securitizations that come due this year. The likelihood is that those will be refunded either with deposits in which case they will immediately come on the balance sheet or they will be funded perhaps through the drawdown of some of our committed conduits. It’s a relatively small number and we’ll look and see what makes the most sense at the time. Again, at this point Sanjay if you take a look at our investment portfolio that I showed you, we’re actually at these kind of levels that we’re seeing in the asset backed markets right now we’re buyers we’re not sellers. So, I’m sure we won’t be bringing any public issues to market if we don’t see any improvement in the level of rates. So again, it will either be refunded with deposits or draw down of conduits. We’ll see how things play out over the course of the year.
Sanjay Sakhrani – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: I guess just a follow up on reserve adequacy, I just want to make sure I’m thinking about it correctly, when I look at the relationship between reserves to receivables, that ratio should equal the owned charge of rate, right? That’s kind of what you guys are targeting on a quarterly basis?
Gary L. Perlin : It tends to turn out that why were in fact the coverage is a little bit higher Sanjay but it’s really done business by business. So remember, in the slide that I showed you the coverage ratios you’re really just taking a look at the reported balance sheet where there actually - although the coverage ratio that you’re seeing on the slide that I showed you which is about 4.5% allowances as a percent of reported loans, actually the reported loan loss rate is substantially below that, it’s about 4.2%. If you take a look at the managed level of loan losses it gets a little closer. So again, it’s a good way to stand back and assess the reasonableness of the numbers but, by in large obviously we’re going to go ahead and build that up business by business based on the trends we’re seeing in each of those businesses.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Steven Morton – J. P. Morgan.
Steven Morton – J. P. Morgan: I was just like trying to back in core earnings this quarter by adding back in some of the stuff you pointed out like the IO write down, and the reserve build which is very substantial and it kind of looks like based on what you reported in this quarter that headed in to next year and based on your guidance that you’re going to maybe be narrowly profitable which is great considering you’re going through peak charge offs and maybe plus or minus around the statement I just made. Then, considering the fact that your TCE ratio is being hit a little bit with the Chevy Chase deal which I kind of think TCE to tangible gross assets is kind of ridiculous but people seem to be focused on it, how are you feeling about the dividend if you have an issue where you’re getting to a point where you’re either just covering it or barely covering it?
Gary L. Perlin : Remember this is really the first quarter since we instituted this dividend. The earnings as reported don’t cover the dividend. Obviously, when we set the dividend level 18 months ago we did so with the intent of making it sustainable and the time at which we instituted it, it was intentionally set lower compared to most of our banking peers because it was already clear at that point that there was some economic weakening on the horizon.  Again, I told you just a few minutes ago that as we assess the adequacy of our capital we have certainly modeled in the continuation of the dividend. As you say, the biggest factor that will determine our outlook for generating additional capital is going to be the economic outlook and we’ve taken in to account what we can see and what we can imagine but I suppose it could be even worse.  But, if you put it all together the dividend itself was designed to be sustainable through this cycle and while we’re comfortable with our current and forecast levels of TCE including the effect of Chevy Chase and the models impact of all the puts and takes, we’re comfortable with where we are on the capital and we’ll obviously continue to manage the capital. We’ll reassess all of the capital components of the strategy including the dividend and should there be a major change in our outlook for the portfolio or the economy you can assume we’ll continue to reassess. But, I think you have a pretty good handle on things Steve.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Valentin – Friedman Billings & Ramsey.
Scott Valentin – Friedman Billings & Ramsey: Just a question regarding on the bank net charge offs. After three or four quarters of relative stability we saw a pretty big jump across most of the categories. Can you talk about maybe, I assume that’s the New York market, maybe it’s Louisiana but can you talk about maybe what you’re seeing in terms of credit performance?
Richard D. Fairbank : We’ve enjoyed Scott, up until this point being in two of the geographies that were standout geographies relative to sort of what was going on nationally. I think what you see over this quarter was some of these markets coming back a little bit toward the mean. We have more concern with respect to the New York market than we do with Louisiana. Let me make a quick comment about Louisiana, obviously that’s down in the oil patch, the oil patch has had a tremendous boom and with prices falling we of course have some concern.  However, even in our energy lending that we do there, we’re very natural gas focused more than oil and that tends to be more robust vis-à-vis the United States, less, less volatile. So, we actually feel very solid with respect to Louisiana but we do believe that you will see some sort of worsening. New York is always one, I mean a week doesn’t go by that I don’t seek out our lending folks in New York and say I just can’t help but to read the paper every day and there’s 1,000s more jobs every day and of course so many of you on the phone are living that every day. Just to kind of savor this, the unemployment rate in New York hit I think it was 6.3% which was about a 24% increase from a year ago and obviously I think it is not fully captured the unemployment that is or will be coming there. There’s a couple of good things though that we feel about the New York situation, one is New York point which is a Capital One point, on the New York side, New York enters the downturn in pretty good shape relative to the 90s recession. New York back then had huge over supply in the office and the residential markets and was a much less attractive market for international business and tourism. There’s much particularly with respect to office and residential real estate, there’s dramatically tighter supply today and a more robust position. Probably the most important thing though to say to you is I think the way credit in the heritage of John [Canus] and through what we’re doing now we have I think a very conservative portfolio. Most importantly, the construction portfolio which is about $1.3 billion, that’s where the biggest deterioration certainly in our portfolio is and probably in others as well. That’s only $1.3 billion, it’s only about 10% of what do in New York. The New York multifamily business is about 40% of our New York commercial real estate business and that has been – there are a lot of structural reasons that the housing there is particularly robust. From an underwriting point of view, we haven’t changed our underwriting. Even as we watch CMBS sweep in to the marketplace and lose a lot of business because of the loser underwriting there so we’ve been underwriting to in place cash flows not to aspirational rent increases which of course I think has characterized the commercial mortgage backed securities markets.  So, I think what you should expect is that a fair amount of degradation in the New York marketplace. I think overall we’re about as well positioned as we could be in our book of business but I think we’re preparing for some worsening here.
Operator:  Your next question comes from John Stilmar – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
John Stilmar – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Rich, I want to start off, you had certainly spoken about the resiliency potentially being impacted by the inability to reprice. It seems like at least how current legislation stands, you have 2009 which allows you the ability to be a little more proactive with regards to managing your card portfolio. How do we think about the revenue sustainability of 2009 versus what may be in 2010? And, can you give us some sort of numerical guide post with which how to think about revenue margins as we start moving through what is an obvious credit migration?
Richard D. Fairbank : I think the implementation of the Fed rules in the middle of 2010 obviously creates a very important window for the card industry to use dynamic account management in pricing during this very critical time. That’s a very important thing and I think all the card issuers you will see fairly similar kind of actions over the course of this year. Now, in the near term that can be and is likely to actually be beneficial vis-à-vis revenue margin and were the industry’s pricing structure not to change, I think that from there I would expect revenue margins to go down. However, let me make two other points. First of all, I think there’s two types of adjustments that are going to need to happen related to two types of repricing. One thing that the industry has done, the thing that I think has created certainly the consternation that we have expressed over the recent years about the card business is the sort of automatic repricing that is baked in to the customer agreement and based on a triggering event.  What happened with the card industry is that the extent of automatic repricing became, in my opinion, the dominate way that the card businesses made money, some of the card players made money in their businesses over the last few years. The trigger now has been moved to 30 day delinquent and that is the only trigger so that is pretty much going to eliminate automatic based repricing and for a number of players who’s business model was very heavily dependent on that, they’re going to need to do a lot of retooling. For all of us in the industry, Capital One included, there will be on this and the payment allocation rules, there will be some financial hit starting in the middle of 2010 on these affects. I think for some players they may be a lot bigger than for others. The thing that makes it so hard to kind of predict how big the overall net effect is, is the industry has a window here to restructure the way credit cards work. In many ways I think going back to much more simple structures, the structures that use to exist, I would guess you’re going to see teaser rates and going to high go to rates would be probably the structure of the industry and a lot less complexity about how pricing goes. If you want to know how resilient the businesses can be in the long term and what’s going to happen to margins, take a very close look at where the go to rates come out.  That will gradually – I haven’t seen in the industry’s pricing any apparent changes yet in how they structure their products and their pricing knowing they still have a year and a half to go but I think it will be very interesting to watch and my view on how resilient the business is going to be and therefore to your question of what the revenue margin trends are going to be. It’s going to be driven on the industry’s choices over the next very critical year.
John Stilmar – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  As I shift focus one of the things it seems a little bit more novel about Capital One’s themes this quarter is certainly the idea of reallocating capital away from consumer lending and in to securities. While on the surface it doesn’t seem that irrational of a move, the question becomes what are we to expect in terms of the balance sheet over the coming quarters and the year with regards to the allocations between the lending business as well as the securities business and how should we think about the balance sheet?
Gary L. Perlin : One of the benefits of our banking transformation is the much more dynamic way in which we can manage our balance sheet. Rich spoke very much to the growing value of our banking franchise, the organic growth and the growth of deposits in our banking channels. Obviously there is going to be cyclicality in the economy. Our first priority is to make loans to credit worth customers but, as we continue to grow our deposit franchise and maintain disciplined pricing there we will generate liquidity that if it can’t be productively deployed in loans we’ll find a way to utilize our capacity to make sure that is well managed. Obviously, we’ll also have a very keen eye on capital and the risk adjusted returns that we can generate out of our investment portfolio. Right now those opportunities are quite substantial. If those opportunities were to go away the lending volume weren’t there, I’d expect what you’d see is we would be managing more tightly our balance sheet growth. I feel as though we now have all the tools on both sides of the balance sheet as well as mindset that we are going to truly try to optimize whatever part of the cycle we’re in. I’m sure when we’re on the other side of this you’ll probably see the investment portfolio coming down, the loan volume growing and we’ll look back and probably see a pattern that most banks have seen repeated many times over.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: I guess first just coming back to the dividend question, I can understand why you can pay it but I guess I’m wondering why you would pay it from the standpoint of you never really paid a dividend for that long, it was more kind of a move to be more bank like in multiple. There’s not a whole lot of multiple to be had as a bank right now and capital is just so valuable right now, why not just proactively suspend it or lower it just to conserve capital?
Gary L. Perlin : You’re right, when we set the dividend level we looked at our peers, our peers were increasingly banks. Again, we set it at what we believed to be quite a low level compared to most of the banks because we felt it was sustainable given our outlook for capital. Obviously we’ll keep reassessing what makes sense here but over the long haul we believe that we’ll have the capacity to generate good returns for our shareholders which will return capital return and when and how much is going to be a matter of where we are in the cycle and the long term expectations. You can assume we’ll continue to reassess it taking in to account the comments from you and many of our investors and we’ll do what makes sense.
Brian Foran – Goldman Sachs: Then if I could just ask a second one, we asked this question at our conference and I realize it’s only been a month so there’s not that much more data to go on but, historically you’ve had a one for one relationship, the industry has, give or take in recessions between unemployment and card losses and we’ve seen a lot of other historical relationships breakdown.  Is there anywhere in the book where you’re seeing anything that would kind of confirm that one for one or maybe in some of the states that have had more rapid increases in unemployment where you’re seeing gap changes or a more two to one or one and a half or whatever it is relationship between unemployment and card losses this cycle?
Richard D. Fairbank : Of course, we are trying to learn as much as we can from the past two downturns and the current one. Let me just say that even this loose one to one relationship we see in the past, don’t forget that there is a different denominator affect that what we may have this particular time because in each of the last two downturns growth slowed for the card issuing but it was still positive growth. I think you’re going to see a lot less in the way of growth and maybe a fair amount of declines this time. So, for starters there’s a little bit of normalizing for that affect. As we look in our models in the boom and bust markets where now unemployment data is coming out and we cross sectionally look at all the different MSAs and their HPA affect and the unemployment affect, we certainly see a strong HPA affect, we see the unemployment affect. In fact, we’ve even seen the unemployment affects in past modeling of specific HPAs and the HPA affect in some prior downturns as well in our early data some evidence of an interactive affect. But, I think that’s very intuitive in the sense that I think consumers, we have certainly believe intuitively in this, that consumers ability to just absorb bad things is harder when there are multiple bad things. If we take our modeling, if you net out all the modeling, the effect we have done from – if you look at our projection of next year where we have this $8.6 billion up from the $7.2 billion, if you look at the credit card part of that and go backwards you find actually that its net effect is pretty close to one to one plus the OCC min pay affect. But, that’s more by coincidence because actually in our own we would look at it as less than a one to one affect for unemployment. There’s an HPA effect that did not exist in prior downturns that’s certainly an important part of the losses for next year. We did add kind of an interactive component to the best that we could and of course that kind of by coincidence creates sort of a one to one ballpark and then there’s an OCC sort of min pay affect. I don’t think you’re badly served by the one to one but I think that we’re starting to get to the edges of where old – who knows in a sense really what’s beyond the frontier of the parameters that haven’t been measured in the past but certainly I think we feel as well grounded as we can be.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities.
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: I wanted to return quickly to the purchase volume in your card business. I noticed in your card business there was a 9% decline in the number of accounts to go with the nearly 11% decline purchase volume. So, I was wondering if you could add any color around the impact that the closed accounts or treated accounts might have had on the decline in purchase volume because your decline was from a pure purchase perspective was far greater than what we’ve seen out of the other large banks.
Richard D. Fairbank : I’m not sure that I’ve got any extra insight on that one. I do know that purchases per active account dropped about 5.7% year-over-year, quarter over prior year quarter. But, I probably would be speculating.
Craig Maurer – Calyon Securities: Was that 5.7% decline was a volume number?
Richard D. Fairbank : That was a purchase volume number, yes.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Bruce Harting – Barclays Bank.
Bruce Harting – Barclays Bank: Is the mark on the Chevy Chase mortgage portfolio cover what is expected to be all the troubled assets and will you likely utilize that mark to just sell down the mortgage portfolio before or after time of closing? Then, with regard to ABS maturities and Gary you said you’d be funding those as they came off most likely with deposits, that would be linked in to the other question I just asked, would you likely use the Chevy Chase deposits?  What’s the closing on that and as I look across the rates you’re paying on your various liabilities, if you replace securitization liabilities with deposits are we likely to get any margin expansion in ’09?
Gary L. Perlin : I’ll see if I can make sure I cover all those questions. We’re still looking for a close of the Chevy Chase deal sometime in the first quarter. Although there will be additional liquidity, I indicated $5 or $6 billion added as a result of that transaction is coming on top of $40 billion we already have so it won’t make a material difference as to how we refinance our maturing asset backed securities. Again, we’ll be looking for what is the best execution and if deposits are the way to go that’s definitely what we’ll do. As far as the mark on the Chevy Chase portfolio again, since that was done just about a month ago, we obviously had the benefit of deep diligence on the performance of all of those assets. We also because we were already in to the beginning of December, we’re anticipating a significant decline in the outlook in the economy so the outlook we have today is pretty much the outlook we used both in terms of unemployment and in terms of housing prices to come up with the mark certainly on the mortgage related portfolio. So, those are we think appropriately marked. As for the disposition of those assets, I think that will be based on the conditions of the market at the time. We certainly have no need to dispose of those assets to create liquidity. We are not planning to dispose of those assets to create liquidity. We’ll go ahead and manage those to try and outperform the mark over time if we possibly can. That’s pretty much what we’ll be looking to do. 
Richard D. Fairbank : I just wanted to make one clarification, you were asking about this sort of eyeball one to one relationship between unemployment and credit card charge offs, I think it’s really important to decompose those things in to dollars and charge off rate. I think there’s going to be a lot of uncertainty for card players about exactly what the hold denominator affect are in the coming year. The comments I made, because we always decouple things between dollars and rates, those were dollar comments where we project over the next year is less than a one to one for unemployment the HPA affect and sort of an interactive component kind of get us very loosely in this sort of one to one relationship.  For charge off rate you’re now adding another whole uncertainty for us and all the other players you look at with respect to in the end what are the balances. That’s something that will unfold over the course of the year in response to the environment.
Jeff Norris:  Thanks to all of you for joining us on our conference call this evening. Thank you also for your interest in Capital One. The investor relations staff where be here additionally this evening to answer any additional questions you may have. Have a great evening. 
Operator:  That does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Craig Maurer - CLSA Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co. Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus David Hochstim - Buckingham Research Howard Shapiro - Fox-Pitt, Kelton Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch
Operator:  Welcome to the Capital One third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jeff Norris:  In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter 2008 results. With me today is Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release.  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date of dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements.  For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports, which are accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  Now I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. 
Gary L. Perlin:  Capital One earned $1.00 per share in the third quarter or $1.03 per share from continuing operations, with credit continuing to drive earnings.  EPS from continuing operations was down 51% from the year ago quarter, largely as a result of higher provision expense, and down 17% from the second quarter of 2008, with higher provision expense being partially offset by higher revenue. Credit performance in the third quarter was largely in line with our expectations. Our managed charge off rate increased 15 basis points from the second quarter to 4.30% and the 30-plus delinquency rate increased 35 basis points to 3.99%. These credit metrics reflect both normal seasonal trends as well as continued credit pressure from the weakening economy which will translate into additional pressure in future quarters. This led us to add $209 million to our allowance for loan losses and to suppress $445 million of revenue build but deemed uncollectible. At $3.5 billion, our allowance is now consistent with an outlook for managed losses of $7.2 billion for the next 12 months.  Our balance sheet and funding strength continued to provide stability in these tumultuous times. Despite recent stress in the capital markets, we took the opportunity to raise additional capital through the issuance of approximately $750 million of common stock. This capital raise, coupled with continued capital generation from our businesses, increased our ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets by 29 basis points to 6.47%, comfortably above our target range of 5.5% to 6.0%. This robust capital position not only strengthens Capital One's ability to whether a severe economic downturn but it also puts us in a position to capitalize on market opportunities. As a further indication of balance sheet strength, our readily available liquidity stands at $32 billion. We increased our deposits by $6.5 billion to $99 billion in the third quarter, which helped drive an overall decline in funding costs. Our strong balance sheet and the power of our brand allowed us to generate these deposits while pricing significantly below competitors in various deposit channels. I'll discuss our balance sheet strength in more detail in a few moments. Let me start by covering revenue trends on Slide 4. Our revenue, net interest and risk adjusted margins all rebounded modestly in the third quarter. The increase in both revenue and net interest margin for the quarter was primarily driven by three factors - increased early stage delinquencies, seasonal impacts on fee recognition, and an improved cost of funds. You may recall that second quarter margins were compressed as lower fees resulted from a sharp drop in early stage delinquencies. At the time we noted that early stage delinquencies were likely depressed by economic stimulus checks sent during the second quarter. The absence of these checks in the third quarter, among other things, has caused early delinquencies to rise. As they have risen, so too have the late fees that show up in net interest income.  Also affecting our margins in the quarter was a negative $67 million valuation adjustment to our interest only strip, which now stands at $287 million. This reduction in non-interest income was driven primarily by an increase in expected future losses and, to a lesser extent, the assumption that recent prime LIBOR spreads persist. Because the anomalous spreads occurred very late in the quarter, they had very little impact on net interest margin in the third quarter.  All told, the prime LIBOR spread lowered our revenue by approximately $25 million in the third quarter, mostly in the strip or non-interest income. If the spread stays at this week's levels, however, it would negatively impact fourth quarter revenue by around $100 million, mostly in NIM. Obviously, if the spread normalizes, the impact could be less.  Moving to Slide 5, I'll address operating efficiency. Our efficiency ratio in the third quarter improved by 158 basis points to 42.6%. This improvement was driven by our ability to keep overall non-interest expenses flat while achieving 3% growth in managed revenue. As a result of the efficiency actions we've taken over the course of the year we expect our full year operating expenses to be around $6.2 billion or some $400 million below our 2007 level. While we expect seasonally higher expenses in the fourth quarter, we continue to expect our efficiency ratio for full year 2008 to remain in the mid-40% range or lower. Now turning to Slide 6, I'll start a quick discussion on credit performance. Credit in the quarter was largely in line with our expectations. National Lending charge offs rose 18 basis points to 5.85% and National Lending 30-plus delinquencies rose 56 basis points to 5.43%. Local Banking charge offs rose 12 basis points to 46 basis points while nonperforming loans rose 15 basis points to 96 basis points. These increases are consistent with both seasonality and the weakening economy. Rich will discuss both National Lending and Local Banking credit performance in more detail in a few minutes. Turning to Slide 7, I'll discuss how our view of credit is driving the loan loss allowance. As I noted earlier, we added $209 million to our allowance for loan losses in the third quarter, which increases the allowance as a percentage of reported loans for the fifth straight quarter to 3.6%. This allowance build was driven by our expectation that the continued deterioration of U.S. economic indicators we witnessed in the quarter will lead to increasing charge offs in the coming quarters. Our allowance now stands at $3.5 billion, which is consistent with an outlook for $7.2 billion in managed charge offs over the next 12 months. This compares to an annualized rate of $6.3 billion in charge offs in the third quarter. While the allowance increased as a percentage of total reported loans in U.S. Card and Auto as well as at the top of the house, you'll note on the chart that allowance as a percentage of reported delinquencies decreased modestly in each of our National Lending businesses.  Although the absolute coverage ratio levels remain quite high across our businesses and modest movements are part of the normal course of business, I'd like to take a short moment to explain why this particular metric trended down slightly in the quarter. For U.S. Card it's important to remember that early stage delinquencies have a higher probability of curing than late stage delinquencies. As the proportion of early stage delinquencies to overall delinquent balances rose in the third quarter, therefore, the ratio of allowance to overall Card delinquencies declined somewhat.  In our International businesses, we've scaled back growth and moved the overall mix of reported balances more at market, both of which improve our assumed collectibility and reduce the ratio of allowance to delinquencies in that segment as well.  Finally, in our Auto business, the seasoning of our shrinking portfolio and normal third quarter seasonality caused the coverage ratio to decline. With the $200 million increase to loan losses and the growth in allowance as a percent of reported loans to 3.6%, we are confident in our coverage ratio levels. I'll now cover capital on Slide 8. Our tangible common equity ratio increased 29 basis points to 6.47%, comfortably above the high end of our target range of 5.5% to 6.0%. Our regulatory capital ratios continue to be extremely strong as well, with our ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets rising about 60 basis points to an estimated 11.9%.  Given the visibility and strains in the financial system and global economy, reinforced in recent weeks, we are more committed than ever to supporting our business with a rock solid balance sheet through the recession. While we remain confident that our portfolio will continue to generate sufficient capital to support our business and capital ratios even after paying our dividend, we chose to raise additional common equity in the quarter to further fortify our balance sheet and position Capital One to be able to take advantage of market opportunities created by this difficult environment. Moving to Slide 9, I'll address liquidity and funding. We continue to carry substantial amounts of readily available liquidity despite the fact that we are in a period of slow loan growth and relatively low levels of funding maturities. As always, we do not rely on short-term funding such as securities repurchase agreements to finance long-term assets.  While the addition of deposit franchises has afforded us flexibility to choose funding sources based on price rather than necessity, we have never let ourselves become complacent regarding liquidity risk. Our liquidity management targets continue to reflect assumptions that our ability to fund in capital markets or brokered deposit markets is impaired for well over a year. We estimate that our current liquidity position is more than sufficient to cover our funding needs well into 2010, even in such a stressed scenario. Also, our holding company liquidity would be sufficient to meet all its obligations and pay our current common stock dividend for well over two years without the need for dividends to be upstreamed from our bank subsidiaries.  Our liquidity needs for the next 12 months are modest due to a cautiously growing balance sheet coupled with a small volume of debt maturities. We continue to tighten credit and pull back on loan growth in the current environment, and we have only $8 billion of debt maturities over the next 12 months. In contrast, our readily available liquidity is $32 billion or four times our debt refinancing needs. Our current liquidity position includes $7 billion in undrawn Federal Home Loan Bank capacity, which assumes the maximum haircut. We also have $8 billion in undrawn conduit capacity. These conduits are committed lines with the world's largest and strongest commercial banks. Most of these do not expire until 2010 and 2011, and we continue to have success in renewing these facilities early, recently completing extensions of $2 billion in conduits into 2011. And finally, we have $17 billion in unencumbered securities which we can pledge to secure borrowing or sell for cash. Turning to Slide 10, I'll provide a detailed composition of our investment portfolio. As you can see in the chart, our investment portfolio is comprised of highly liquid low risk instruments. Over 85% of the portfolio is either Agency MBS, which is now explicitly backed by the U.S. government, AAA rated Non-Agency MBS, or AAA rated ABS in asset classes we understand very well.  More important than what is in our portfolio, though, is what is not in our portfolio. We do not own any SIVs, CDOs, or leveraged loans. We also do not have exposure to equity, hybrids or securities backed by option ARMs.  We believe that our ample funding and conservative approach to liquidity are essential building blocks to a strong balance sheet, and that this approach has put Capital One in a position not only to navigate this storm but to capitalize on financially attractive opportunities when they arise. With that, I'll turn it over to Rich. 
Richard D. Fairbank:  During the third quarter home prices continued their long decline. Initial jobless claims and the unemployment both rose sharply. Consumer confidence trended downward, and retail sales growth continued to fall. On top of the continuing economic deterioration, we've witnessed unprecedented stress in capital markets and a sea change in the financial services landscape in a period of just a few weeks. Like all banks, Capital One is navigating through a very challenging and uncertain environment. Against that backdrop of increasing economic headwinds, Capital One delivered operating profits of $386 million in the quarter. Rising credit losses continue to pressure our profitability but, as a result of our efforts to manage the company through the downturn, we continue to deliver solid operating metrics, as Gary has discussed. There isn't much news in our third quarter results, especially compared to the unprecedented news in the financial services environment all around us, but we are not complacent. Based on what we're seeing in the world around us, we are significantly increasing the intensity of our efforts to aggressively manage the company for the benefit of our investors and customers throughout this downturn. I'll discuss our U.S. Card, Auto Finance and Local Banking businesses over the next few slides, but before leaving Slide 11, let me make some brief comments on our International business, which is comprised of our credit card businesses in the U.K. and Canada.  Our International business posted $12 million in net income in the third quarter, a decline from both the second quarter and the prior year quarter. Loans declined modestly as we continued to tighten and pull back in the U.K. and as a result of foreign exchange adjustments. Revenue margin and revenues were up modestly, and operating expenses declined. The charge off rate was essentially flat. The main driver of the decline in profitability was a significant allowance build in light of growing economic weakness in the U.K. The U.K. economy continues to deteriorate. The U.K. regulatory environment offers less flexibility with respect to fees and other revenue levers, and the entire industry has just been through a period of elevated consumer charge offs as U.K. consumers shifted toward greater use of insolvencies, the U.K. equivalent of bankruptcies.,  We have been cautious in the U.K. for some time now, and we've been shrinking our U.K. credit card portfolio and exiting other lending businesses in the U.K. for several quarters. We're maintaining our cautious stance, and we continue to watch the situation closely. Just as in the U.S., we're prepared to manage the U.K. business aggressively through the downturn.  In contrast to the U.K., our Canadian credit card business continues to perform very well, with stable credit performance and solid returns.  Finally, we booked a $74 million net loss in the Other category as compared to a $12 million net loss in the second quarter. The higher net loss resulted from the absence of the one-time gain from the sale of MasterCard stock in the second quarter and the third quarter IO write down that Gary discussed. I'll discuss our U.S. Card business on Slide 12. Remember, the U.S. Card business now includes our legacy U.S. Consumer Card business plus our Installment Lending, Small Business Card, and Point of Sale businesses. Third quarter net income increased modestly to $345 million despite continuing economic and cyclical headwind. We continue to take comprehensive actions to navigate the current downturn. We remain cautious on loan growth.  We continue to focus our marketing and originations on the parts of the U.S. Card market that we believe provide the best combination of risk adjusted returns and losses through the cycle. We've closed down inactive accounts, and we're implementing targeted line reductions. We maintaining increased intensity of collections and recovery operations, and we continue to aggressively pursue operating efficiency improvements.  Managed loans grew modestly from the second quarter of 2008, while our tighter underwriting resulted in an expected decline in accounts, managed loans grew as a result of balance builds on our existing accounts. Managed loan growth resulted from strong response to our targeted third quarter marketing offers, a reduction in balance transfers away from Capital One, and a modest decline in payment rates. We expect U.S. Card managed loans at the end of the year to be slightly higher than year end 2007.  We remain cautious on loan growth and very selective in the loans we book, however it is likely that the expected seasonal balance growth, continuing payment rate trends and fewer balance transfers away from Capital One will drive some additional balance growth through the end of the year.  Credit performance in the quarter was largely in line with our expectations. The 30-plus delinquency rate increased by 35 basis points in the quarter. The managed charge off rate improved by 13 basis points in the quarter, consistent with the low 6% range of expectations we discussed a quarter ago. We expect charge offs to rise to around 7% for the fourth quarter and to the mid-7% range for the first quarter of 2009. These U.S. Card charge off expectations are included in the loss outlook associated with our allowance.  Expected seasonal patterns would result in higher charge off levels in the fourth quarter, all else equal, and deteriorating economic conditions are likely to manifest in higher charge offs in the fourth quarter and the first quarter of 2009.  Revenue and revenue margin improved from the second quarter of 2008, in line with seasonal patterns we've observed in prior years. In the third quarter, delinquencies and early stage delinquency flow rates increased modestly, which drove an increase in past due fee revenues. The increase in delinquencies and early stage flow rates resulted from expected seasonal patterns as well as continuing economic pressure on consumers and the abatement of stimulus checks. Non-interest expense declined on both a year-over-year and sequential quarter basis. This is the result of our continuing operating and process efficiency efforts, as well as our more cautious stance on marketing.  Before leaving the discussion of our U.S. Card business, I'd like to pull up for a moment and elaborate on our implementation of the OCC Minimum Payment Guidelines and their expected impact on U.S. Card results. To be clear, the impacts I'm about to discuss are already reflected in the credit outlook associated with our allowance, but will impact U.S. Card charge off rates in 2009.  The OCC established minimum payment policies for the credit card industry in 2005. Because the other major card issuers were regulated by the OCC at that time, they implemented the minimum payment policies in 2006, during the best economic and credit environment in recent years. We were not regulated by the OCC at that time. We've now completed our transformation to become a diversified bank, and all of our banking subsidiaries converted to national associations regulated by the OCC. As a result, the OCC is now the primary regulator of our U.S. credit card business, so we're in the process of implementing the OCC minimum payment policies now. We are the only major issuer making this change now, and we're doing so during a period of economic headwinds and rising losses across the credit card industry. Our credit results in 2009 will include the impacts of making this change. That's why I wanted to share our initial assessment of the expected impacts on the minimum payment change. The OCC has specific policies governing credit card minimum payments. These are designed for force modest positive amortization for all card accounts. We've always been conservative with our minimum payment policies, and we've had relatively low rates of negative amortization on our portfolio.  Now specifically, under the new policy, the monthly minimum payment will be set a 1% of principal balance plus all interest assessed in the prior cycle plus the majority of other fees assessed in the prior cycle, including any past due fees. This compares to our previous policy, which for most accounts is a flat 3% minimum payment. The new policy will have the effect of increasing the minimum payment for delinquent customers while lowering it for many customers who are current. That will have the effect of accelerating and increasing charge offs for some past due customers. We have been conducting a phased conversion of our U.S. Card portfolio to OCC minimum payment policies, and the full portfolio will be converted by year end. We've also been running a test since June of 2007 to analyze the expected impacts on delinquencies and charge offs. We expect that the implementation of this policy will cause delinquencies and roll rates to increase starting in early 2009.  Based on our testing, we expect this change to increase the U.S. Card charge off rate by about 10 basis points in the first quarter of 2009 and by about 50 basis points in subsequent quarters of 2009. Our testing also indicates that the charge off impacts will begin to cure somewhat in 2010 as customers adjust to the new minimum payment policies. I should note that the actual impacts may be higher or lower than what we've seen in the tests since the economy continues to weaken.  Our outlook for U.S. Card charge off rate and our outlook for company wide charge off dollars for the next 12 months both include the expected impact of the change to OCC minimum payments.  Our U.S. Card business continues to deliver solid profitability and generate excess capital for the enterprise despite cyclical credit challenges, and our U.S. Card business remains resilient and is well positioned to successfully navigate near-term challenges and deliver solid results through the cycle. Turning to Slide 13, I'll discuss our Auto Finance business. Our Auto Finance business posted net income of $14.5 million for the quarter. Third quarter profits were driven by solid and stable revenue margin and efficiency as well as lower provision for loan losses as the overall portfolio continues to shrink. These factors more than offset the sharp increase in charge offs and delinquencies that are typical during the third quarter.  We took aggressive steps to retrench and reposition our Auto business at the beginning of the year. We pulled back on originations and we're shrinking managed loans. We improved the credit characteristics of new originations. We've leveraged pricing opportunities in the face of shrinking competitive supply, and we continue to aggressive manage operating costs.  Originations for the second quarter were $1.4 billion, down 56% from the third quarter of 2007. We're on track for Auto loan originations for the full year of 2008 to be at least 45% lower than 2007 originations. The total Auto loan portfolio shrank by $1.1 billion during the quarter and by $2.8 billion year-to-date.  As we've stepped back from our riskiest segments and focused only on our best dealer customers, the credit characteristics of new originations continued to improve, as evidenced by rising average FICO scores, improving loan to value ratios, and encouraging early delinquency performance of our 2008 origination vintages. We've been able to maintain pricing power and solid revenue margins while improving the credit characteristics of our new originations.  The overall results of our Auto Finance business are likely to be influenced by sometimes conflicting forces and trends. Expected seasonal increases in charge offs will put significant pressure on profitability for the remainder of 2008. The continuing pressure from the seasoning 2006 and 2007 vintages and broader cyclical economic challenges are likely to be a drag on results throughout 2009, and the continuing decline in loan balances will impact the optics of our Auto business.  For example, declining loan balances would reduce the denominator for calculations of metrics like charge off rates, delinquency rates and operating expenses as a percentage of loans. This would put upward pressure on these ratios, making them appear more negative than the actual trends in charge off, delinquency and operating expense dollars. On the other hand, the expected improvements in the credit performance and profitability of the 2008 origination vintages are likely to gradually improve Auto Finance performance over time. We also expect that Auto Finance performance will be helped by our continuing aggressive actions to improve operating efficiency. And the shrinking loan portfolio will continue to have favorable loan loss allowance impact.  We'll need to see further progress and improvement in overall results, but we believe the aggressively repositioning of the business and our continued actions to navigate the downturn will result in a substantially smaller Auto business that can deliver above hurdle risk adjusted returns over the cycle. We're monitoring the business results closely, especially the performance of new originations, and we'll be prepared to take further appropriate actions based on the results and industry conditions we see over the next few quarters. I'll discuss our Local Banking business on Slide 14. In the most turbulent banking environment in more than a generation, our Local Banking business delivered steady and solid results. On a sequential quarter basis, managed loans grew $400 million as expected runoff of residential mortgage loans partially offset growth in our middle market commercial franchise. Local Banking deposits grew by about $800 million in the quarter despite the expected runoff of public funds. Our deposit strategies focus on strong customer relationships, new products like our Rewards Checking, and our well-known brand. Therefore, we achieved third quarter deposit growth while maintaining pricing discipline and margins. Profits for the quarter increased to $88 million. Higher revenues and lower provision expense drives the growth in profits. Net income increased, resulting from the growth in loans and deposits combined with stable loan margins and improving deposit margin. Non-interest income improved as compared to the second quarter, during which one-time items temporarily reduced non-interest income. Charge offs and nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans both increased in the third quarter, consistent with the continuing deterioration in the economy. Despite these increases, the credit quality and trends in our Local Banking loan portfolio continue to outperform competitors across the country and in our footprint. With the Local Banking charge off rate just 46 basis points, we continue to believe that our Local Banking loan portfolio is very well positioned and is delivering solid credit performance as compared to other banks. Credit performance is supported by our favorable mix of loans. We've included additional detail on the composition and credit performance of our local banking loan portfolio in the press release schedules. We have relatively low exposure to construction lending, residential mortgages and other types of lending that are being hardest hit at this stage of the economic downturn. In our $29 billion commercial loan portfolio, we have less than $3 billion in construction loans and only about half of that amount is for residential for sale construction. In addition to a favorable loan mix, we have the good fortune to have our branch network and banking relationships in states and regions that are holding up well in the current downturn. Texas and Louisiana are bolstered by the energy economy and the fact that they were never really part of the boom and bust cycle that is impacting other parts of the Sun Belt. And Metro New York has a unique and strong local economy that continues to perform well despite growing pressure from the turmoil on Wall Street. We expect loan growth to remain basically flat for the remainder of 2008 as growth in commercial loans continues to offset the expected runoff of residential mortgages and the small ticket commercial real estate portfolio. We expect Local Banking deposit growth to continue in the fourth quarter. We continue to focus on building and maintaining deposit-led relationships with our commercial and small business customers. Our National Direct bank continues to post strong deposit growth. And, while it's still an early read, we continue to see solid consumer results in our branches following our platform conversion and our brand launch in Metro New York.  In our Local Banking business, we're maintaining competitive but disciplined pricing and driving deposit growth in a turbulent environment. We're building on our brand and our new products to strengthen and grow our consumer business, and we're continuing the tradition of providing great customer service to our commercial, small business and consumer customers across the franchise.  Slide 15 summarizes our outlook for 2008, which is largely unchanged since last quarter and since our secondary equity offering in September. We continue to expect a modest decline in managed loans as we remain cautious on loan growth. We also continue to expect double-digit growth in deposits. We expect low single-digit revenue growth consistent with low single-digit growth in average loans.  Efficiency ratio for the fourth quarter is likely to increase as a result of seasonal increases in operating expenses; however, we continue to expect that full year efficiency ratio will improve compared to 2007, finishing in the low to mid 40% range. And we now expect operating expenses for 2008 to be around $6.2 billion, a reduction of approximately $400 million from 2007 operating expenses.  The outlook for managed loans associated with our allowance for loan losses is approximately $7.2 billion over the next 12 months, as we announced at the time of our secondary equity offering in September. And our expectations for disciplined capital management are unchanged from the second quarter.  Looking ahead to 2009, we don’t expect any major changes in the trends we've seen in 2008. We'll remain cautious on loan growth, so we expect that managed loans will continue to shrink. We expect to remain bullish on deposit growth and disciplined in our deposit pricing. We expect that revenue growth will largely depend on the trends in loan and deposit volumes. We'll continue to aggressively manage costs while investing appropriately in our businesses. And we'll continue to manage our capital with discipline. With respect to credit trends, we'll continue to provide what we believe to be the most useful window into our credit performance and outlook. On a quarterly basis we'll share our view of U.S. credit card charge off rate for the next months. Each quarter we'll update the overall outlook for managed losses for the next 12 months that's associated with our allowance, and we'll continue to report monthly managed charge offs for our national lending businesses. I'll conclude tonight on Slide 16. Despite increasing economic headwinds, Capital One continues to deliver profits, generate capital and build resilience. As a result, we remain well positioned to navigate the current economic cycle. It's the decisions you make in the good times that largely determine how well you weather the bad times. That's why we've been preparing for a significant economic downturn for many years.  We've chosen resilient businesses and avoided many of the significant exposures and risks facing other banks. Residential mortgage and home equity lending is only about 8% of our total managed loans, and construction lending comprising less than 2% of our total managed loans. We have no CDOs or SIVs and no exposure to leveraged loans. We've moved decisively to exit businesses that prove to be less resilient, such as the GreenPoint origination business. We've consistently embedded conservatism into all of our underwriting decisions. We've built and fortified our funding and liquidity, and we've completed our transformation from a capital markets dependent lender to a diversified bank with close $1 billion in deposits.  All of these moves have put us in a strong position to successfully manage the company through today's near-term challenges. Of course, the decisions you make during the tough times are also critical, and we continue to act decisively and aggressively to manage the company for the benefit of shareholders in the face of these economic headwinds.  We've tightened underwriting standards across the board, and we've pulled back more sharply in the most challenged housing markets and in the least resilient credit segments. In our U.S. Card business we've gotten more conservative on credit line assignments, we've closed down inactive accounts, and we've begun very selectively to reduce credit lines. We've continue to tweak our underwriting models to recalibrate variables that may be unstable in this environment. We've adopted and adapted our models and approaches as the economic environment has changed, and we're intervening judgmentally to tighten even more aggressively than our models would indicate.  We've retrenched and repositioned the Auto business. We dialed back to the highest ground across the business and, in parts of the business like near-prime Auto, we've essentially exited the business.  We've maintained our increased focus on collections, with earlier entry, higher intensity and new tools. Even as we've invested in increased collections, we've made great progress in our efforts to reduce our cost structure and improve operating efficiency to enhance our long-term competitive position and build resilience to rising credit costs. We've further strengthened our diversified balance sheet in the quarter. We're maintaining our solid liquidity. We've continued to generate capital organically, and we raised equity capital through a secondary offering from a position of strength.  We've witnessed historic and unprecedented changes in the financial services world around us in recent weeks. For stronger players like Capital One, the sea change in the financial services landscape is creating compelling opportunities to create enduring shareholder value.  We're already seeing a wide range of opportunities come our way, with pricing and risk adjusted returns that are meaningfully better than what we've seen in the recent past. We've been most interested in deposit-oriented Local Banking opportunities. We'd only expect to pursue opportunities that are accretive, strategically attractive, supportive of our business model and consistent with our commitment to balance sheet strength. We believe that such opportunities would clearly create enduring shareholder value.  Because we remain cautious in the current environment and because we're committed to disciplined capital management, we've not yet made the choice to take the offensive, but we believe that compelling opportunities will continue to come to the players that demonstrate the most strength and resistance in the current cycle. Like all banks, we face increasing cyclical economic headwinds and market uncertainties. We remain well positioned to navigate the near-term challenges and to realize value-creating opportunities when the time is right.  Now Gary and I will answer your questions. 
Jeff Norris:  Okay, we'll now start the Q&A session. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Craig Maurer - CLSA.
Craig Maurer - CLSA:  A quick question on the U.K. You know, if you go back a number of years, the discussion around the U.K. when the consumer originally started to crack in terms of the credit card industry was there was that your feeling was that this was an economy that you wanted to bide your time in, that it would provide you with growth similar to what the U.S. went through during the big boom in the U.S. credit card industry. Considering the regulatory changes there and the obvious changes in the environment, do you still feel the same way about the U.K. economy?
Richard D. Fairbank: Craig, I think the U.K. is a less resilient card business than we have in the U.S. And I think the challenge there is really the confluence of the - I think there's an economic downturn in both countries, obviously. I think that the consumer started, certainly the credit card consumer started in a sort of less resilient position going into this particular downturn right now in the U.K. And then the very significant limitations that came from the regulatory decisions that were made there and, in fact, the overhang of regulatory risk that still exists in the U.K., all that collectively makes that business a less resilient business than our U.S. Card business. Now, you know, in some ways that's a bit of a tough comparison because I haven't experienced a lending business in my entire career that is as robust and resilient as the U.S. credit card business. But I do want to say it's a whole notch less resilient and more constrained in that sense. So what we are doing, Craig, is just really hunkering down and trying to, as conservatively as we can, manage during this downturn. So you will notice, in fact, that we have engineered about a 20% reduction in the size of the portfolio over the last number of quarters, basically. The standard for new originations is a very high bar, and we are okay with shrinking the business.  Our goal here is to try to - in many ways it's a parallel to Auto and some of the other businesses - retreat to the highest ground segments and very conservative underwriting and manage costs incredibly aggressively. We just finished an extensive in many ways transformation of the cost structure of the U.K. Card business with our outsourcing execution that we did in the second quarter.  So I think that we're taking the hunker down strategy, Craig, but you're absolutely right that this business has less to work with.
Craig Maurer - CLSA: So is this a market that might not fit into the long-term plans of Capital One and could you see selling this portfolio?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, you know, first of all, selling assets, this is a marketplace where - I sometimes use the word dodge ball; the whole world, in delevering, is trying to sell assets and phones are ringing off the hook on that. I don't think that's a practical solution for Capital One at this point.  But what I really want to say is the right thing to do is manage this thing to weather the storm on a surefooted basis. And on all of our businesses, as we get to the other side of this downturn, I think one thing that I think - for however bad the downturn is, in most of the businesses, unless you see intervention, further intervention on a regulatory or legislative environment in the middle of these downturns, in most cases I think the environments that await the players on the other side of this is one with a lot less competition and probably the very best time in the whole cycle. That's been my experience. So Craig, you know, I don't want to - we are very cautious about the U.K. That's why we spent a lot of time talking about it. But I think that the practical - I think the actions we're taking are the practical thing to do at this point, and I think that what we'll do is assess where we are as we round the corner of this business.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  Regarding several of the government programs announced recently, with the bank charter obviously you can take part in those. Any thoughts on maybe the preferred stock or taking advantage of some of the FDIC deposit insurance or the debt guarantee?
Richard D. Fairbank: Scott, yes, let me first say I think that the recent government measures you mentioned I think are positive and very much needed for the financial marketplace and for the world's economy, so I think we certainly welcome those. With respect to Capital One, I mean, I think the enhance FDIC insurance, I realize there's some choice to make visà-vis that. We'll have to go through and analyze that. But enhanced FDIC insurance, I think, is a good thing for all the banks. We have been a bank that has been in a position where we've had customers coming to us because we're viewed as one of the resilient banks as opposed to net outflow the other way, so I don't think we are in a position to need it as much, but I think that is a good thing certainly for the banking system. With respect to the preferred equity and the guaranteed debt programs, I mean, we are one of those institutions that is truly well capitalized and has plenty of liquidity, so, while we welcome this for the banking system, I think we're going to have to make an assessment about whether this is an appropriate thing for us to participate in. I mean, our standard would be, since we aren't in real need for it, it's just can we put the additional equity or funding to good use? And that's a decision we'll have to make over time.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: In terms of utilization rates on credit cards, are you seeing any real change there?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. Well, there is a modest change. Let me comment for a second, Scott, about metrics because the credit card, we watch, as you can imagine, obsessively watch all the usage patterns and all the credit related patterns on the credit card portfolio. And there are the core metrics of delinquencies, roll rates, charge offs, bankruptcies and recovery rates that are, you know, those are the hard core credit metrics, and we spend most of our time talking about those. d then you have a whole family of kind of the ancillary metrics that we look at out of curiosity, although we have not found in prior downturns or this one that they tend to be predictive of anything that you don't otherwise just see with respect to the hard core credit metrics.  With that, let me comment. While almost all the ancillary metrics have been very, very stable, there has been a slight increase in payment rate - a slight decline, excuse me, in payment rate and a slight corresponding increase in utilization rates. But this is really quite modest. It's about a 1 percentage point increase on average versus a year ago. It's very, very modest. When we look at the boom and bust markets, we love to focus on the boom and bust markets to see sort of, on steroids, the credit effects that go on in a marketplace like this. And we do see in marketplaces like that a bit of a rise in utilization rates.  But again, our view is we'll keep an eye on this metric and the corresponding payment rate metric, but I think that it's pretty mild and doesn't add incremental explanatory value to the hard core credit metric.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co.
Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co.:  In 2009, as you experience maturities on some of your outstanding debt and migrate how you're going to fund those receivables, should we expect any change in provision policies?
Gary L. Perlin: As I said earlier, our maturities over the course of the next year are quite modest, about $8 billion in total throughout all of 2009. Our ABS maturities are about just over $5 billion and our unsecured maturities a little over $2 billion. Obviously, we will go ahead an refinance those to the extent that we need to with whatever funding sources are the most attractive at the time. If it turns out that we are less off balance sheet, there won't be any policy change. The implication, however, would be that we would carry a higher balance in our allowance for assets that are being funded on balance sheet versus off balance sheet and obviously with less variability over time in the IO strip. So it's just going to be a matter of what is the best execution and we will be driven entirely by that. 
Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co.: Related to that, it's been helpful, the guidance effectively on charge offs on a rolling 12-month basis in that it gives us a good forward look. The challenge with that from our perspective is that it's hard to figure out on a quarter of 2005 basis if there are changes. Last quarter you indicated that you were provisioning on a level equivalent to $7 billion for the 12 months ended June 30th. Can you just give us an update? Obviously you've said what it'll be for September 30th on a 12-month basis. Can you just give us the comparable number for June 30, 2009?
Gary L. Perlin: Richard, it is still $7 billion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  My first question is maybe a broader question. One of the problems that obviously is in the market today is that everybody is pulling back and tightening and accumulating capital and obviously I understand why that has to be done, but as you're looking at assets, originations, have you raised the bar and are there assets at attractive risk adjusted returns that, if you were more confident about liquidity that you would be dying to make in this environment? Are the opportunities there and what would turn you to become a little bit more offensive if in fact those opportunities, those high risk adjusted return assets, are in the market today?
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, it's really a great and frequently debated question about, I mean, as we look at this marketplace because it's very clear in all of our markets competition is easing in some places. There's more pricing power, we can be more selective, etc.  What holds us back has nothing to do with frankly either capital or liquidity at the moment with respect to originations. It really is the elephant in the living room about the economy. And from our experience over 20 years of doing this, our haunt is that the assets originated as the economy is getting worse tend to have more adverse selection associated with them than assets at other times. And so if we just look just on the face of it, Bob, some of the stuff that comes over the transom in our origination programs looks awfully robust, but what we do - and maybe history will show it's too conservative - but we take whatever data that we've seen in the past, we worsen it for our base case, and then we overlay on top of that a 40% worsening on top of a worsened base case to assess whether we want to book this business. And by the time we do that, it's just that we find that we don't have that much appetite for origination. Where I think the asymmetrical benefit is, the asymmetrical benefit is in putting ourselves in a very strong position, capital liquidity and credit, so that when the inflection point comes and it's very clear we're in that best part of the cycle that we have nothing holding us back. The one thing I would say, though, everything I said relates to our origination strategy. I think with respect to acquisitions, acquisitions of seasoned businesses, seasoned portfolio or whatever, I think that distressed sales of those in this environment can in fact be exceptionally profitable. So our capital raise and our kind of looking out on the horizon for some significant opportunities is really more related to - at the moment - related to some acquisition benefits as opposed to cranking it up on the origination side.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray: My follow up question is just on the incremental trends in consumer spending. The spending on your cards were flat year-over-year and I just wondered if you could give a little color into what you've seen, September, October trends year-over-year, spending patterns of consumers, how much have then worsened?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, consumer spending, first of all, the right way to look at it on our portfolio is purchases per account to kind of normalize for all the other things going on. And per account, our spending is, I think, it's 4 point something percent. We can get the numbers for you, but it's just a little bit below the overall growth in purchases that has happened in the industry. So we can get some data on that. Everything that we've seen recently has been a mirror of what you see out there in the economy.  So I haven't seen the data in the last few days to see if they're consistent with some of the things we've heard about out there, but basically, the window we see into the consumer with respect to spending is almost exactly what you see on the outside in all the public metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:  On the credit side I think you talked about the increase in United States delinquencies and sort of more normal trends there. How comfortable are you with toward the outlook for credit [inaudible] that the minimum payment change? I understand the reserve you've got built, but it just seems like we're just starting to feel the impact of the weakening employment environment. Where do you see charge offs peaking in '09 if you had to guess today? 
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, first of all, the way we create this outlook is - that we talk about consistent with the provision build - is we base it on a couple of models. One model is a model built on the last two downturns. Unemployment is the key driver there. And then another model that we built in real-time in this downturn in which, not surprisingly, the big driver of credit worsening is changes in home prices. And so in our process we go out and we look at kind of consensus estimates for the macroeconomic variables and overlay a bunch of - synthesize and triangulate from a lot of different things.  The economic outlook assumed in our allowance build that Gary talked about is unemployment around 7% by mid 2009 and a nationwide peak to trough home price decline of 25%. Although I don't want to get too literal with that. We've been kind of reluctant to be so literal because these models are only as good as the limited data sets that we have. And of course there are so many interactions and so many new things and new personalities associated with each downturn.  So we're not in the peak prediction business. We don't do a single thing at Capital One that assumes a peak out there and then anything getting better. I mean, at some point it will, but basically what we share with you is an outlook of the next 12 months out. But we are managing the company to an underlying assumption that this downturn is going to be extended and long.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: On the Auto Finance business, I understand the denominator's having an impact there, but the year-over-year increase in delinquencies appears to be at least continuing unabated if not accelerating. I know the denominator's an impact but, with the employment picture that you're seeing in Card, wouldn't that suggest that Auto's going to continue to get worse and are the trusts that are in the Auto Finance portfolio in danger of bridging any triggers and how could you potentially deal with that?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes. I mean, all of our businesses use similar macroeconomic outlooks. I think there's certainly been striking degradation in the Auto Finance business over the last couple of years. It is our view in that business that probably about half of the worsening that you've seen in that business is pure economy based and probably half the collective loosening of industry practices in many ways across the Auto Finance business. I mean, that's kind of unrigorous because it's hard to totally tease them out. The Auto business has had a rough go of it, but all of it has the same economic assumptions underpinning it.  Gary, go ahead. You want to answer the trust question? 
Gary L. Perlin: Sure. Chris, just to say that we're not close on any of the triggers for our outlook Auto ABS. Of course, we haven't issued any for the better part of a year, so you're talking about some reasonably seasoned issues that are out there. Obviously, it's important to keep tracking them, and I'm sure that, with our IR team, we can go through any of the individual securities that might be of interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Hochstim - Buckingham Research.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research:  Could you just talk about what you're seeing in the way of deposit rates and competition in [inaudible]? And I guess a month or so ago you were seeing a lot of upward pressure in some markets from some - I guess liquidity challenged institutions. Has that abated and how much can you grow your Local Banking deposits?
Richard D. Fairbank: Okay, David. Yes, it's been pretty breathtaking, some of the celestial pricing that we've seen as liquidity pressures have driven some competitors to price extremely aggressively. We saw this much more in New York, not surprisingly, than we did in the South, and our response has been pretty much to hold our own in pricing while we see the extent of that pricing.  But just to calibrate during early September how bad it got, major competitors were pricing short-term CDs in their branches in New York at rates that in some cases were 100 basis points higher than our National Direct bank rates. And during this period we held rates steady and saw somewhat slower growth. But then, beginning mid-September, we saw a sharp and sustained growth in brokered branch CDs, National Direct, basically everything as we saw this phenomenon of the flight to quality. With respect to the last few weeks, the pricing has eased really quite a bit in New York. And it doesn't mean it won't pick up again tomorrow, but there has been a material easing since a few institutions have been purchased.
David Hochstim - Buckingham Research: And how much growth do you think is realistic per quarter at the Local Bank?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, I mean, I think that we're still bullish on the opportunity to grow, although I want to stress that we are still very margin focused so that the bank - we don't give the bank big growth targets and so on. We have the luxury of many different sources of liquidity. And even on the deposit side with the National Direct bank and even brokered deposits, we have multiple sources where we can do very targeted and segmented pricing. So we are very focused on no cannibalizing the great margins that we have in our Local Banking.  That said, we have had in addition to sort of recent inflows from the movement by consumers to go to their perceived stronger institutions, we actually are now just getting to that thing that we've waited for a long time ever since we bought the banks, which is to get to the place past integration and infrastructurally where we can start putting some unique Capital One products out there. So let me just give you just a little example here. First of all, with respect to - even when we, if I talked about New York here, just in converting to the Capital One brand, we saw a phenomenon that is rarely seen in acquisitions, which is instead of having net runoff we saw a 25% increase in new account openings, for example, immediately following the conversion to Capital One brand and before we actually were doing any advertising of it. Then we've done some other marketing campaigns and so on. And then just in coming out recently with our Consumer Rewards Checking campaign, which is designed to create integrated rewards across credit cards and various things, we have seen another step change in new account openings.  So this is early days and maybe next week it'll all die down, but we're pretty bullish here. And on a gradual basis over the next year you'll see more of Capital One getting back to doing good old fashioned marketing, which we've been waiting for a long time to do, but we've had still the sort of integration and infrastructural work that preceded it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Shapiro - Fox-Pitt, Kelton,
Howard Shapiro - Fox-Pitt, Kelton:  Gary, I was just wondering if you could tell us what you would consider a normalized TED spread that we could benchmark against as we look at elevated funding spreads? And is there anything you can do in terms of derivatives or the swaps market? I know derivatives are a dirty word, but to mitigate any of that increase in funding costs?
Gary L. Perlin: I'm really going to focus on the second part of your question because I don’t know what normal is anymore. So all I can do is kind of tell you what we see and what we're prepared for. And perhaps it might be helpful just to give you a couple of very high-level views about the structure of our balance sheet.  We've got about $37 billion worth of prime-based assets, and we have a net LIBOR liability of about $5 billion. Now if you take a look at all of our asset backs out there, you'd actually see that our gross LIBOR exposure is about $40 billion, but we also have $20 billion worth of LIBOR-based assets on the balance sheet, so that takes that kind of basis risk away.  And then with the balance of the $20 billion, actually $15 billion are subject to swaps, so derivatives are not a dirty word for us. We do have about $15 billion worth of swaps in which we're receiving LIBOR and paying fixed.  So net-net, our exposure is significantly less than it would be had we not taken advantage of the swaps market, if we had not taken advantage of avoiding the short-term funding. We've turned it out with swaps and that's, frankly, the best way for us to manage. Unfortunately at this point I wish I could tell you I was smart enough and prescient enough to have hedged out the other $5 billion, but I wasn't and it's too late. And so now what we need to do is hope that the improvement in the overall market tone and some of the moves the government's taken, not only here but obviously throughout the globe, will help see a little bit more normalization of the TED spread and of LIBOR to prime, which hopefully will reduce the kind of impact that we might otherwise see from these anomalies, as I described earlier. So I kind of gave you a sense of what it would be if we don’t see any improvement, but hopefully we'll be able to see it. And certainly the lesson learned for the long run is that our focus on managing that balance sheet pretty tightly really pays off.
Howard Shapiro - Fox-Pitt, Kelton: So if I could just make sure I understand, so the potential additional cost of $100 million in the fourth quarter would be on the higher funding cost vis-à-vis the $5 billion of LIBOR that's not in swap relationships?
Gary L. Perlin: That is correct. And there could also - in addition to the impact on the net interest margin coming from what you just described, Howard, although that would be the bulk of it. At the end of the quarter we'll have to take a look and see where we stand and what that might mean for the following couple of quarters because that could also affect the excess spread in the trust, therefore the IO position. But you've got it right. The bulk of the exposure we have in this quarter is on the net interest margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital.
Bruce Harting - Barclays Capital:  Can you talk a little bit about the run up in the small ticket MPA ratio, yet the charge off ratio seems to be pretty stable? And maybe a comment on commercial and multifamily real estate as well, that similar increase in the delinquency rate, but the charge offs remaining quite low.
Richard D. Fairbank: Bruce, the small ticket commercial, that's a $2.7 billion business, a portfolio that came from GreenPoint. It's a portfolio of Alt-A and small size commercial real estate loans originated through a national brokerage network. That, as we have announced in the past, that is entirely in runoff mode. It is basically one of our weakest portfolios. It's had a significant increase in nonperforming assets. But the actual the MPA increase that you see, overstates the program. Historically we have sold our nonperforming loans in this business fairly quickly. In the last quarter or two, the market for these loans has collapsed below appraised values and, Bruce, we've chosen to hang on to more of these loans. That's caused the nonperformers to rise because we're not selling them, and the charge offs to fall because we aren't yet recognizing the charge offs on these sales.  So it's a bit of an anomaly at the moment. Amidst all the noise there, the underlying portfolio performance has stayed about the same. Of course, we're fully reflecting expected losses in the allowance. With respect to the multifamily business, as a general statement, I think that we're with a very watchful eye looking at New York. New York has certainly been fairly resilient and I think we're very well positioned there. We have seen a little bit of softening, but nothing that would be particularly alarming to us with respect to the multifamily business, you know, in past cycles. And I think the way it is structured is probably strongest and most resilient of our entire New York Metro portfolio.  So, you know, we've got a watchful eye on that stuff, but we still feel, I think, quite good about where we are with respect to our New York real estate portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  I just wanted to put your comments together on capital. And I kind of took three things away from it, but make sure I'm not misreading what you're saying. So number one, it sounds like you don't need more common equity based on what you see now, but you are open to raising government preferreds but still evaluating. Two, it doesn't seem like you would really take that capital and recycle it into lending above and beyond what you would do anyway. And third, it seems like maybe you would be open to doing some acquisitions with that capital, but it sounds more like takeunders or failed bank type transactions as opposed to premium M&A. Is that kind of the right three conclusions to draw?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Brian. I mean, I think certainly we don't need more common and open to the government preferred program. That would be - yes, I mean, we'd have to assess the government preferred program. Wouldn't recycle it into lending, yes in the sense that, as we talked about earlier, we are - the binding constraint on our doing more loans isn't having more capital. It's really our great caution about the economy.  And with respect to the acquisitions, I wouldn't - yes, I mean, the most intriguing opportunity is sort of failed bank fire sales, but I wouldn't say that would be the only thing that we would look at. I would characterize our interest in acquisitions would be just to take advantage potentially - we'll have to see it when we get there - but to take advantage potentially of a dislocation in supply and demand in such a way that there's a one-time opportunity to do things that your normally wouldn't be able to do. So that would be our view, and certainly failed banks would probably be at the top of that list. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch:  Rich, you'd mentioned earlier that some legislative that occurred in the U.K. that limited pricing flexibility during an economic downturn had kind of led to some poor results there, and it looks like you might see something similar occur in the U.S. just as it relates to the legislative as well as regulatory changes that may reduce pricing flexibility. I was hoping you might be able to provide us with some update as to how you're looking at those bills as they work their way through Congress and what response you may have if they were passed close to what they look like today?
Richard D. Fairbank: Yes, Ken, I mean, I think that one of the things we all have to - one of the things that - of why we are always so conservative as we look toward downturns is the risk is the covariance of negative developments. And I think one of the lessons for a lot of institutions is they plan for one thing, but then a family of things kind of come along with it. So we try to be as extra conservative as we can.  We certainly - among the things that we worry the most about, is the risk of legislative reactions - maybe overreactions, Ken - in this environment. And so if we kind of - we of course have the Federal Reserve guidelines that are coming out and we've talked about that and we're fully preparing to go forward with that. The other risks that are out there relate to interchange. There's occasionally noise about fee levels and practices. And then also bankruptcy changes that could, while they're focused on the mortgage business, could have collateral impacts on secured lenders. So I don't think we necessarily - I mean, we see the same world that you do. Congress is really torqued up right now, and I think that we have to be prepared for the possibility that there could be consequences in all the legislation that comes out that could have collateral impact on the Card business. I don't have any particular insight into the imminence of that.
Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch: Okay, one of your competitors mentioned today - and it wasn't necessarily in response to the legislative changes - but just the evolving dynamic in the industry, part of it cyclical and, I think, part of it also structural that really are going to require credit card lenders to increase pricing, whether it be because of these legislative changes, whether it be because the funding costs are higher, spreads are considerably higher in the ABS market and obviously you've got ways to get around that, but it would look like there's going to be possibly kind of a need for some pricing power to pushed through into the Card sector and I was just wondering if you're beginning to see that or if it's really just too early for entertaining those types of strategies at this time?
Richard D. Fairbank: Ken, I think that we certainly have not seen any adaptive reactions yet. But one thing I really want to say about the Card business. The credit card business is the most resilient and most robust lending business by a large margin that I've ever personally experienced. And one of the things about it that is great is it's got a lot of different levers associated with the business, and it's a relationship business with a lot of adaptive flexibility.  And I think that one thing we've seen over the years is the credit card industry, as things happen, whether it's a legislative thing or actually just pricing by various competitors, the industry has a kind of remarkable ability to adapt. And so there's two things that we have to keep in mind as we think about the impact of any kind of legislative or regulatory effect. One is, what is on the face of it the impact of that effect? And then what is the likely industry adaptive reaction?  I have a lot of confidence over time in the adaptive strength of this industry and the long-term resilience of the credit card business. That said, I think that it is - one of my top concerns about the business is the kind of unpredictable risk associated with legislative changes.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Jeff Norris for any additional or closing remarks.
Jeff Norris:  Thanks, Kevin, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the conference call tonight. Thank you also for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations staff will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good evening.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray [David Hoppenstein] - Buckingham Research Group Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co. Bradley Ball - Citigroup Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co. Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch Moshe Orenbush - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Welcome to the Capital One second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jeff Norris:  Welcome to Capital One's second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. As usual, we're webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at CapitalOne.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2008 results. With me today is Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and press release please go to Capital One's website, click on Investors, then click on Quarterly Earnings Release. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factor section in our annual and quarterly reports, accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  At this time I'll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin. 
Gary L. Perlin:  I'll start on Slide 3 of the presentation.  Capital One earned $1.21 per share in the second quarter and $1.24 per share from continuing operations. EPS from continuing operations was down $0.69 from the year ago quarter, driven largely by higher provision expense. EPS from continuing operations was down $0.46 from the prior quarter, driven largely by lower revenues. I'll address quarter-over-quarter revenue drivers, both onetime and market related, following the rest of the highlights on Slide 3. Non-interest expense was down $54 million from the first to the second quarter, adjusting for the onetime legal reserve release last quarter. Credit performance in the second quarter was largely in line with our expectations for a weakening economy that we laid out one quarter ago.  Our managed charge-off rate increased 19 basis points from the first quarter to 4.15%, and the 30plus delinquency rate in our managed national lending book increased 14 basis points to 4.87%. While these credit metrics reflect modest credit pressure in the second quarter, there was a more pronounced deterioration in broader U.S. economic indicators. We assume this will translate into additional credit pressure in future quarters, causing us to increase our allowance coverage ratios and revenue suppression in the second quarter.  You may recall that we began tightening our underwriting during the first quarter of 2007 in anticipation of a weaker economy. You can see the effects of this tightening on our loan growth this quarter. Managed loans declined by $800 million as we've been more selective in originating new loans. Our originations in recent quarters have been focused on those business segments with greater resilience and lower loss profiles. The balance sheet remains a source of strength and stability for Capital One. Our philosophy of holding significant excess liquidity and leveraging diverse funding sources is of particular value in the current environment. During the quarter we grew our readily available liquidity position by $3 billion to $33 billion as we continued to accelerate funding originally scheduled for the second half of the year into the first half. We grew deposits by $4.7 billion in the quarter and maintained continued strong access to the capital markets through $2.6 billion of credit card securitizations. Finally, after paying dividends, our ratio of tangible common equity to total managed assets increased 15 basis points to end at 6.18%. Turning to Slide 4, I'll cover revenue trends. Our revenue and net interest margins experienced significant declines in this quarter after having risen substantially over the course of the previous 12 months due to a number of actions taken to protect the profitability of our lending businesses and to take advantage of the yield curve and fixed income credit market conditions. Our risk-adjusted margin has been declining since net charge-offs began rising in the middle of 2007. Revenue and net interest margins declined in the second quarter due to a number of onetime and seasonal events plus other drivers reflecting credit and market conditions.  I'll revenue these drivers and what they may say about future margin performance on Slide 5. I'll focus my comments primarily on the drivers of overall revenue margin because I believe the explanations for revenue margin decline are largely the same for our net interest margin as well since late fees, an important component of our national lending revenues, are included in our NIM. I would note from the outset however that margins in our local banking business actually improved modestly in the second quarter, as Rich will describe in a few moments when he reviews segment performance.  I'll start by discussing three factors that boosted our first quarter revenue margin and that either went away or were substantial lower effects in the second quarter. The first such factor is the changing interest rate environment.  Please recall the dramatic action by the Federal Reserve lowered short-term rates by 200 basis points within the first quarter. This unprecedented decline in rates in such a short period of time, coupled with the repricing lag between our funding instruments and variable rate card assets drove a temporary expansion of our first quarter margins. This temporary expansion reversed in the second quarter as the variable rate card assets repriced lower, catching up to our funding costs. Meanwhile, funding rates were little changed in the second quarter given the much more modest 25 basis point change in LIBOR. The negative effect of these interest rate movements on our first to second quarter revenue margin was approximately 30 basis points.  The second factor which boosted our first quarter margin was the seasonality of revenue in our Credit Card businesses. First quarter margin seasonality is driven by the combination of high balances entering the year at elevated delinquency status along with the seasonal paydown and delinquency curing that typically occurs during the first quarter. Second quarter margin seasonality is related to the absence of these effects, though margins typically decline to their more normal levels.  You can see these effects in some of our past year results, although I would caution you that 2007's results were distorted by the significant repricing actions we began in the second quarter of last year, which largely muted these seasonal effects. We estimate seasonality of revenue margin from credit cards to drive an approximate 15 basis point drop from the first quarter to the second.  The third factor boosting our first quarter margin was the $109 million gain in Visa stock sales, coupled with the $52 million gain on early extinguishment of some higher-cost debt. Together these onetime items added 35 basis points to revenue margin in the first quarter. In the second quarter we recognized a $45 million gain on the sale of MasterCard stock, which boosted revenue margins by 10 basis points in the quarter. Netting these onetime gains creates a quarter-to-quarter margin decline of approximately 25 basis points. There were two factors that affected the second quarter margin more directly. The first is the increase to the investment portfolio, an offshoot of our continued focus on building liquidity in the current environment. Since these investments are much lower yielding than our loan portfolio, their inclusion in the managed asset book had the effect of lowering revenue margin by approximately 25 basis points.  The second factor affecting quarterly revenue margin is the weakening economy, which we estimate drove approximately 35 basis points of the margin drop in the quarter. When economic stress increases, more delinquent customers fail to make payments and therefore flow to the next delinquency bucket. This increase in flow rates is the primary driver of the increased level of finance charges and fees that we're not recognizing as revenue. You'll note from the first footnote to our financial tables that revenue suppression in the second quarter was some $68 million more than in the prior quarter. While the collectibility of assessed finance charges and fees is decreased as delinquent borrowers become less likely to cure, we are also assessing less because of a decline in the number of borrowers in the early stages of delinquency. This reduction is probably related to consumers taking a more disciplined approach to managing their finances in light of the economic uncertainty. We've also taken actions over the past quarters to respond to the weaker economy, namely tighter underwriting and more aggressive collections to play a role in keeping early delinquencies lower. Additionally, the economic stimulus payments that were provided to Americans in the second quarter likely had a negative effect on late and over limit instances, although it's difficult to model this impact. Without these mitigating factors keeping early delinquencies low, margins would have been higher but so would future charge-offs. This is, therefore, a trade-off we're happy to make. Before moving on let me note the approximate $80 million impairment to our interest only strip valuation, which reduced non-interest income in the second quarter. This impact is included in the revenue margin described on Slide 5, reflecting the quarterly change in interest rates and credit. $42 million of the write-down relates to our U.S. Card Master Trust and was driven by the factors I just described. An additional $20 million of the IO strip impairment is related to our credit card trust in the U.K., a market which is once again experiencing increasing credit pressure, and the remainder is attributable to a variety of other securitizations, most of which are experiencing some credit pressure.  As this myriad of effects has run its course through our margin we expect revenue margin to be more stable going forward and continue to expect low to mid single-digit revenue growth in 2008. The biggest factor driving revenue growth within that range will be how credit trends play out, especially on our early delinquencies. If early delinquencies remain low, late and overlimit fees will also remain low and will come in nearer the low end of our revenue growth range. If delinquencies increase, then revenue growth will move towards the higher end of the range. With that, let's look at non-interest expenses on Page 6. Adjusting for the $91 million legal reserve release related to the Visa IPO in the first quarter, second quarter operating expense would have decreased by $45 million versus the prior quarter. We continue to focus on driving operating efficiency across the business, and are well on our way towards meeting the target announced in the second quarter of 2007 of reducing run rate expenses by $700 million by 2009. We also expect to exceed $200 million in reduced operating expenses in 2008 versus 2007. Marketing expenses have also been declining modestly, $10 million less in the second quarter than in the first quarter, as we maintain our cautious approach to booking new loans in the current environment. Despite reductions in marketing and operating expense, the quarterly decline in revenue caused our efficiency ratio to rise by a few percentage points. For full year 2008 we continue to expect our efficiency ratio to remain in the mid-40% range or lower. We also expect seasonality higher expenses in the second half of the year to put upward pressure on the efficiency ratio, but revenue trends will continue to be the primary driver of variation within the range. Turning now to Slides 7 and 8, I'll discuss credit and allowance. As I mentioned earlier, credit performance in the quarter reflects both the weakening economy as well as the actions we have taken to position our business to weather this cyclical downturn. Rich will discuss credit at the segment level in more detail in a few moments. I'll discuss how these credit trends affect our allowance for loan losses on Slide 8. Credit performance in the quarter was largely in line with the expectations we laid out one quarter ago. Based on the combination of stable delinquencies, portfolio contraction, and stable performance in the now $700 million plus runoff portfolio of Helocs originated by Greenpoint and held in other, our base allowance requirement called for a reduction of more than $100 million. However, deterioration in key U.S. economic indicators such as unemployment, housing prices, consumer confidence and inflation, continue to point to future weakening of our economy. Given the weaker economic indicators, we are assuming credit pressure will rising in the coming quarters. We're assuming that delinquency flow rates will further deteriorate as this pressure mounts, gross charge-offs will rise, and recoveries effectiveness will degrade. Recognizing these factors results in our building rather than releasing allowance by a total of $38 million. This brings our allowance for loan losses to $3.31 billion.  Our allowance to delinquency coverage increased for most businesses as you can see on Slide 8. These rising delinquency coverage ratios are consistent with an assumption that future credit pressure will be greater than that currently being experienced by our portfolio. Our auto finance coverage ratio fell a bit in the quarter due to seasonality and the seasoning effect of a contracting portfolio. Adjusting for these effects, however, our auto finance coverage ratio also would have increased. Our allowance now provides us the capacity to absorb the equivalent of about $7 billion in managed charge-offs over the next 12 months. While we can't make a direct linkage between the level of future charge-offs and specific levels of economic indicators, we view this scenario as consistent with the views that the U.S. is in recession.  At this point, I'll cover capital on Slide 9. Capital One continues to generate excess capital and continues to have navigated the current downturn without raising any form of capital in the market. The ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets rose in the second quarter by 15 basis points to 6.18%, above our target range of 5.5% to 6%. Our regulatory capital ratios continue to be extremely strong as well, with our ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets at about 11.4%. We will continue to pay our $0.375 quarterly dividend, but we currently view share buybacks as unlikely to resume until the economic outlook improves. Given the volatility and strains in the financial system these days, we expect to continue retaining excess capital despite the fact that our TCE ratio is above our long-term target range. Moving to Slide 10, I'll cover liquidity funding. Despite the difficult market conditions, we increased our readily available liquidity position by $3 billion to approximately $33 billion in the second quarter. This liquidity is five times our capital markets funding plan for the next 12 months, a coverage ratio that has steadily risen over the last few years as you can see on Slide 10. This strong liquidity position results from our conservative liquidity management mind-set, a lower asset growth plan, and the lowest volume of maturities we have seen in many years.  Additionally, our holding company liquidity remains quite strong, with sufficient cash on hand today to cover more than two years of parent obligations, including our current stock dividend.  As I mentioned earlier, we increased our investment portfolio by $3 billion to $25 billion as we built liquidity amidst difficult capital market conditions. While this incremental liquidity does reduce our margins a bit, current spreads between the bonds purchased and CDs issued this quarter enabled this position to be put on at an above-hurdle risk-adjusted return and is not preventing us from deploying capital elsewhere. When our economic outlook improves we expect to use this excess capital and liquidity to support future loan growth. We continue to manage our investment portfolio with no exposure to SIVs, CDOs, leveraged loans, nor any equity or hybrid exposure. Our portfolio is highly liquid and is 97% invested in AAA-rated securities. On the funding front, the second quarter featured a significant improvement in market liquidity versus the prior quarter. We took advantage of this improvement to issue $2.6 billion of credit card asset-backed securities, largely completing our 2008 credit card issuance plan. We may opportunistically issue modest additional asset-backed funding if circumstances warrant. [Despite] the improvement in capital markets, we once again capitalized on the strong demand for insured deposits. We grew by $4.7 billion in the quarter. Overall, and despite the significant pressure the current environment is placing on the profitability, liquidity and capital of financial institutions, Capital One remains rock solid. With that, I'll turn it over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank:  I'll begin on Slide 11. Significant cyclical headwinds drove a decline in our quarterly net income to $463 million. I'll discuss our U.S. Card, Auto Finance and Local Banking businesses over the next few slides. But before leaving Slide 11, let me make some brief comments on our International business, which is comprised of our credit card businesses in the U.K. and Canada.  Our International businesses posted $34 million in net income in the second quarter, in line with first quarter profits and up from the prior year quarter. Continued strong performance in Canada offset trends in the U.K., where the credit environment grew more challenging in the second quarter. We remain cautious about growth in the U.K. given considerable economic uncertainty there. Our U.K. loan balances continue to decline. While revenue margin in the U.K. is holding up, the lower loan volumes caused modest declines in revenue. Modestly lower revenue combined with increases in provision expense pressured our U.K. profits in the quarter. Our Canadian credit card business continues to perform very well, with stable credit performance and solid returns. Finally, we booked a $12 million net loss in the other category. The sequential quarter decline resulted from differences in the IO valuation and onetime items that Gary mentioned earlier. I'll discuss our U.S. Card business on Slide 12. Remember, the U.S. Card business now includes our legacy U.S. consumer card business plus our installment lending, point of sale and small business card businesses. To provide some additional context on the performance of the broader U.S. Card sub segment, we released historical pro forma credit results on July 15th along with the June monthly credit results. Second quarter net income declined to $340 million due to continuing economic and cyclical headwinds. We're taking many actions to navigate the current downturn. We remain cautious on loan growth. We continue to focus our marketing and originations on the parts of the U.S. credit card market that we believe provide the best combination of risk-adjusted returns and losses through the cycle. We're maintaining increased intensity of collections and recovery operations, and we continue to aggressively pursue operating efficiency improvements. Ending loans grew modestly from the prior year quarter and from the first quarter of 2008. In contrast, average loans are down modestly from the first quarter, reflecting our cautious approach to growth in the current cycle. We expect that our continued caution on loan growth will result in loan balances that are flat to slightly down in 2008.  Credit performance in the quarter was largely in line with our expectations. The 30plus delinquency rate improved in the quarter. Continuing economic pressures on delinquencies was offset by the expected curing of the temporary impact of the pricing and fee policy moves we made in the second half of last year. These offsetting effects allowed the typical seasonal improvement trends to show through in the second quarter delinquency rate. The managed charge-off rate increased in the quarter, consistent with the low 6% range of expectations we discussed a quarter ago. The increase in charge-off rate resulted mostly from the continuing deterioration of the U.S. economic environment. We expect charge-offs for the third quarter to remain in the low 6% range, then rise to about around 7% in the fourth quarter.  We expect charge-offs to increase as a result of three factors. First, expected seasonal patterns would result in higher charge-offs levels in the fourth quarter, all else equal. Second, we've observed continued weakening in economic indicators throughout the first half of the year. The impact of economic weakening is likely to be evident in our U.S. card charge-offs in the fourth quarter. And finally, the initial impacts of the OCC minimum payment changes I discussed last quarter are expected to begin in the fourth quarter. Non-interest expense declined on both a year-over-year and sequential quarter basis. This is the result of our continuing operating and process efficiency efforts, as well as our more cautious stance on marketing.  Revenue and revenue margin declined from the first quarter of 2008, driven by three factors. First, finance charges declined from their first quarter levels. First quarter finance charge revenue was unusually high as a result of the Fed interest rate cuts and contractual repricing lag that Gary discussed earlier. A seasonal build in our finance charge and fee suppression in the second quarter also contributed to the decline in finance charge revenue. Second, fee revenue declined as our customers continued to adjust to the pricing and fee policy changes we implemented in the second half of 2007. We originally expected this customer adjustment to be a bigger factor in the first quarter, but we actually observed most of the effect in the second quarter. We believe that our customers have now largely adjusted to the new terms, so we expect that the temporary impacts on both revenue and credit metrics have run their course. Third, we've seen a persistent pattern of delinquency flow rates during this economic downturn, with early stage flow rates remaining quite low while later stage flow rates have increased, as Gary talked about. The slope of delinquency flow rates has two negative impacts on revenue. First, the stable, early stage flow rates mean that loan balances moving from current to the first delinquency bucket are not increasing and therefore are not generating increased late fee revenues. Second, finance charges and fees we've already charged on balances that are at later stages of delinquency are becoming less likely to be collected, so we suppress them and reduce revenues accordingly. We expect the revenue margin to stabilize around its current level, with some month-to-month variability for the balance of 2008. This assumes that the drivers of revenue we experienced in the second quarter persist throughout the year.  Our U.S. Card business continues to deliver solid profitability and generate excess capital for the enterprise despite cyclical credit challenges. And our U.S. Card business remains resilient and well positioned to successfully navigate near-term challenges and deliver solid results through the cycle. Turning to Slide 13, I'll discuss our Auto Finance business. Our Auto Finance business posted net income of $34 million for the quarter. The return to profitability this quarter was driven by the seasonal improvement in charge-offs, solid revenue margins, and continuing reductions in operating costs. But looking beyond the second quarter, our Auto Finance business continues to face significant challenges from the seasoning of 20062007 origination vintages and cyclical economic headwinds. Additionally, auto resale values are falling as a result of declining auto sales and the rapid shift in consumer preferences to more fuel-efficient cars as gas prices continue to rise. To address these challenges we took aggressive steps to retrench and reposition our Auto business last quarter, and we continue to take decisive actions to position the Auto business to deliver above-hurdle risk-adjusted returns over the cycle. We're pulling back on originations and shrinking managed loans, we're improving the credit characteristics of the portfolio, we're leveraging pricing opportunities in the face of shrinking competitive supply, and we're reducing operating costs.  Originations for the second quarter were $1.5 billion, 38% lower than the first quarter and 49% lower than a year ago. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect auto loan originations for the fiscal year of 2008 to be at least 40% lower than 2007 originations. The total auto loan portfolio shrank by $1.2 billion during the quarter and by $1.7 billion year-to-date. By stepping back from our riskiest segments and focusing only on our best dealer customers, the credit characteristics of new originations continue to improve as evidenced by rising average FICO scores and improving loantovalue ratios. Although it's still very early and the sample sizes are small, the first few months of delinquency performance of 2008 origination vintages reflect the improved risk profile of our new bookings. Operating expense as a percentage of managed loans improved in the quarter despite the shrinking loan portfolio, however we expect that the lower level of originations will result in continuing declines in loan balances over the course of the year, which would impact the metrics of our Auto business. For example, declining loan balances would reduce the denominator for calculations of metrics like charge-off rates, delinquency rates, and operating expenses as a percentage of loans. This would put upward pressure on these ratios, making them appear more negative than the actual trends in charge-off, delinquency and operating expense dollars. Seasonal credit improvements helped the profitability of the Auto business in the second quarter, but expected seasonal increases in charge-offs will pressure the profitability of the business for the remainder of 2008. We believe the aggressive repositioning of the business and our continued actions to navigate the downturn will result in a substantially smaller auto business that can deliver above-hurdle risk-adjusted returns over this cycle. We're monitoring the business results closely, especially the performance of new originations, and we'll be prepared to take further appropriate actions based on the results and industry conditions we see over the next few quarters. I'll discuss our Local Banking business on Slide 14. Results in the Local Banking business remain steady and solid even as we complete the final pieces of a major integration and launch our brand in New York. On a sequential quarter basis, loan growth was largely flat as expected runoff of residential mortgage loans offset growth in the core commercial franchise. Local Banking deposits grew modestly in the quarter, despite the planned runoff of public funds. Profits declined as the economy continued to weaken during the quarter. Profits for the quarter were $67 million. Rising provision expense in the current economic downturn is the largest factor in both the sequential quarter and year-over-year decline.  While charge-offs have increased modestly, nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans has risen more sharply, driving an allowance build in the quarter. We also added to the allowance in the quarter based on the qualitative economic factors that Gary described earlier. With the Local Banking charge-offs rate at just 34 basis points, we continue to believe that our Local Banking loan portfolio is very well positioned and is delivering solid credit performance as compared to other banks. Credit performance is supported by our favorable mix of loans.  We've included additional detail on the composition and credit performance of our local banking loan portfolio in the press release schedules. We have relatively low exposure to construction lending, residential mortgages, and other types of lending that are being hardest hit at this stage of the economic downturn. In our $28 billion commercial loan portfolio, we have less than $3 billion in construction loans and only about half of that amount is for residential for sale construction. And although we've observed increasing risk in our legacy Greenpoint small-ticket commercial real estate loans, it is a small $2.8 billion portfolio from a business we've discontinued and it's in runoff mode. On the consumer side, Local Banking includes about $11 billion of mortgage and home equity loans. We hold approximately $8 billion of residential mortgages which are well seasoned, low LTV first mortgages with a chargeoff rate of 36 basis points. We also have about $2.5 billion in home equity loans which are included in the branch-based home equity and other consumer category in the press release tables. The branch-based home equity portfolio is about half first liens, and has a charge-off rate around 35 basis points. The remaining $900 million of other consumer is comprised of miscellaneous consumer loans with a charge-off rate of about 3.5%. Outside of the Local Banking portfolio we have less than $1 billion of the remaining Greenpoint home equity loans, which are held in the other category. While these loans continue to perform poorly, between reserves and marks we hold the equivalent of about a 21% reserve against future losses, and this portfolio continues to runoff. So in total, Capital One holds approximately $12 billion in residential mortgage and home equity loans, about 8% of our total managed loans.  In addition to a favorable loan mix we have the good fortune to have our branch network and banking relationships in states and regions that are holding up well in the current downturn. Texas and Louisiana are both bolstered by the energy economy and the fact that they were never really part of the boom and bust cycle that is impacting other parts of the Sun Belt, and metro New York has a strong local economy that continues to perform well.  Net interest income improved during the quarter as net interest margin on loans and deposits increased slightly. Loan spreads have improved due to mix and better pricing in the market, while deposit pricing came down in the second quarter following the Fed's first quarter rate cuts.  Revenue was negatively impacted in the quarter by reduced volumes at Capital One Home Loans as the mortgage market continued to suffer from weak demand. In addition, Home Loans recorded a $9 million increase in its reserve for repurchases based on an increase in repurchase requests received in the quarter. Finally, we wrote down our mortgage servicing rights by $10 million during the quarter to reflect the changes in the fair value of our servicing portfolio. Without these mortgage-related items, Banking segment revenues would have shown a slight improvement from Q1 levels. Non-interest expense declined from Q1 levels due to reduced integration costs and reductions in salary and benefit costs in the segment. Offsetting declines in operating expenses were increases in marketing expenses to support our brand launch and Q2 marketing campaign. We expect loan growth to remain flat for the remainder of 2008 as growth in commercial loans continues to offset the expected runoff of residential mortgages in the small-ticket commercial real estate portfolio.  We expect stronger Local Banking deposit growth in the second half of the year. We continue to focus on building and maintaining relationships with our commercial and small business customers, and although it's an early read, we've seen strong consumer results following our platform conversion and brand launch in metro New York. In our Local Banking business, we're building on our recent integration and brand launch to develop and execute new growth strategies and continue the tradition of providing great customer service to our banking customers across the franchise. Slide 15 summarizes our updated outlook for 2008. For the last three quarters we've provided guidance on key operating metrics. We've updated our expectations based on results and trends we've observed in our own portfolio and the broader economy through the first half of the year.  Specifically, in 2008 we expect a low single-digit decline in ending managed loans and double-digit growth in ending deposits. In the current economic and capital markets environment, we remain cautious on loan growth and bullish on deposit growth.  We expect low to mid single digit revenue growth. If revenue margins remain at or near second quarter levels, we'd expect to be toward the lower end of this range for the full year 2008.  We expect efficiency ratio for full year 2008 to be in the mid-40% or lower, with the quarterly efficiency ratio drifting up modestly in the second half of the year. Revenue trends will be the biggest driver of efficiency ratio. We expect 2008 operating expenses to be at least $200 million below their 2007 level. From a credit standpoint we expect continued pressure as the economy continues to weaken. And, as Gary mentioned earlier, we expect our TCE ratio to remain above our 5.5% to 6% target range until our economic outlook improves. I'll conclude tonight on Slide 16. Despite continuing economic headwinds, Capital One continues to deliver profits, generate capital and build resilience. As a result, we remain well positioned to navigate the current economic cycle.  As I said last quarter, it's the decisions one makes in the good times that largely determine how well one does in the bad times, and that's why, in many ways, we've been preparing for an economic downturn like this for years. We've chosen resilient businesses and avoided many of the significant exposures and risks facing other banks. Residential mortgage and home equity lending is about 8% of our total managed loans, and construction lending comprises less than 2% of our total managed loans.  We have no CDOs or SIVs, and no exposure to leveraged loans. We moved decisively to exit businesses we didn't like, such as the Greenpoint origination business. We've consistently embedded conservatism into all of our underwriting decisions. We've built and fortified our funding and liquidity, and we've completed our transformation from a capital markets dependent lender to a diversified bank.  All of these moves have put us in a strong position to successfully manage the company through today's near-term challenges.  Of course, the decisions one makes during the bad times are also critical, and we continue to act decisively and aggressively to manage the company for the benefit of shareholders in the face of cyclical economic headwinds. We've been through cycles before, and we're tapping that experience to inform and shape our actions today. We've tightened underwriting standards across the board, and we've pulled back sharply on the most challenged housing markets in the least resilient credit segments. We've retrenched and repositioned the auto business. We dialed back to the highest ground across the business and in parts of the business, like near-prime auto, we've essentially exited entirely.  We've continuously tweaked our underwriting models to recalibrate variables that may be unstable in this environment. For example, having a mortgage in California used to be a positive risk indicator, but not anymore. We've adapted our models and approaches as the economic environment has changed. We've gotten more conservative on credit line assignments and line increases. We increased focus on collections, with earlier entry, higher intensity, and new tools.  Even as we've invested in increased collections, we've made great progress on our efforts to reduce our cost structure and improve operating efficiency to enhance our long-term competitive position and build resilience to rising credit costs.  We've further strengthened and diversified the balance sheet in the quarter, adding to our solid liquidity and capital positions. We've raised our dividend last quarter, and our TCE ratio now exceeds the top end of our target range. Our balance sheet strength and our confidence in the future capital generation of our businesses allows us to maintain our dividend while also keeping our TCE ratio comfortably above our long-term target range until our economic outlook improves. I should note that our core tenet in underwriting is to always assume the future will be worse than the past. That doesn't immunize us from the cycle, but it does help ensure that we are well positioned to absorb the punishment of a down cycle from a capital and earnings perspective. Our experience in the last two down cycles is that as the economy worsens, recent vintages tend to perform worse than the rest of the portfolio, so we are being extra careful with new originations in this environment.  Finally, I should note that we also believe that some of the best business tends to be generated as the downturn bottoms out and credit starts to improve. But until we see signs of the bottom, we're going to be very cautious. Like all banks, we face significant cyclical, economic and market headwinds, but when I look at how we're positioned and the actions we're taking, I remain confident that we'll be able to navigate the near-term challenges and put our company in a position to deliver strong shareholder value through the cycle.  Now Gary and I are ready to answer your questions. 
Jeff Norris: We will now start the Q&A session. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray.
Robert Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  My question and follow up both are tied to regulatory and accounting issues. I just wondered if you could give an update on your thoughts on the potential effects and where you think FAS 140, 146, securitization assets moving back on balance sheet, where you think that's going to end up and the effect on you. And then any thoughts you have on the regulatory adjustments potentially being made to the credit card business as a whole. Thank you.
Gary L. Perlin: I'll start with the view on the proposed change to FAS 140, and I know Rich will pick up some views about some of the other pending regulatory changes in the credit card space.  Certainly with FAS 140 we are at a situation now where we don't have an exposure draft yet and, of course, the timing is uncertain, but as you might imagine, this is important to us and we're actively engaging with those who will shape the outcome. I should say we have sympathy and understanding for the desire to improve transparency on off balance sheet vehicles and ensure there's a clear picture of financial institutions' risks to all investors. That said, not all off balance sheet vehicles are created equal. Plain vanilla revolving credit card trusts are fully disclosed. We give monthly performance data, credit profiles and, of course, they remain firmly off balance sheet. And until we see the implementation details it will be hard to know exactly what the impact is, which is why our efforts and focus of late have been on trying to make sure that all those involved take the necessary time to make sure that all of the work is done to make sure we understand the impacts before moving to the finalization and, of course, the implementation of the new FAS 140. There are a lot of imponderables, both on the accounting side and on the capital side. Certainly we, like you, can come up with an absolute worst case of an initial impact on the accounting and capital side. And let me just cut to the chase and say that if you took the most conservative assumption on the accounting side in terms of no grandfathering, valuing all assets at par, needing to build allowance for everything that's currently off balance sheet, and assuming that there is no regulatory relief in terms of how that's treated, put all of that together and we would be in a position of not needing to raise any common equity. So we know, just as well as you do, Bob, and you've looked at it carefully, how to calculate the worst case, and we've done the same. But I think it's important that we recognize that there will be lots of decisions to be made that will affect the final outcome, and we certainly stand ready to work with FASB and with the regulators to try and get to the policy results that I think everybody really would like to see happen. So that's our view on FAS 140. 
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, with respect to the proposed Federal Reserve regulations on credit card practices, the proposed Fed rule is in a comment period, and we, of course, plan to provide our feedback directly to the Federal Reserve as part of this process. Many of the practices covered by this proposed rule are things that we have never done. Practices like universal default, double-cycle billing, but we're still analyzing the expected impact of the regulations. Our current view is that implementing the regulations as proposed would have potentially significant costs in the near term for Capital One and certainly for the credit card industry. In addition, the proposed rule likely will result in a reduction in resiliency in the industry as the ability of issuers to reprice existing balances is restricted. On the other hand in the longer term it's very plausible that the regulations could create some competitive opportunities for Capital One. Bob, we have not been comfortable with some of the prevailing practices in certain parts of the market, like the prime revolver segment, and we have for several years sat on the sidelines of very significant portions of that entire market. So if the new regulations level the playing field we could find some sizeable opportunities to reenter parts of the market like prime revolver with practices that we think enhance customer loyalty and drive long-term profitability.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [David Hoppenstein] - Buckingham Research Group.
David Hoppenstein - Buckingham Research Group:  Could you give us some color and what you're seeing in terms of regional differences in spending and payment and maybe in the uncollectible fees and interest?
Richard D. Fairbank: David, certainly purchase volumes are weaker. The most striking thing that we see regionally is weakness on the credit side of the business. So delinquencies, charge-offs, recoveries, bankruptcies, these are significant, these are now above portfolio averages for the 25% of the country that is going through the boom and bust, and they are worsening at a more rapid rate. We also do see mild effects on declining payment rates, a little bit higher relative utilization rates, although those are more modest. I don't think the primary news is really what's happening on the purchase side or in any of these usage-based metrics. The striking thing to us, again, is that folks in the boom and bust markets are certainly having a tougher time in this downturn, and we haven't seen any relief of that effect or really any recent closing of the gap between the rest of the country and their problems.
David Hoppenstein - Buckingham Research Group: Did you see any change over the course of the second quarter? Was June particularly worse than April and May?
Richard D. Fairbank: I'm not sure I can speak to June with respect to the boom and bust, but I think that when I've looked at just all the charts on annual trends, it again is this effect we've talked about for some time we certainly see.  One other effect I would say that we have seen, David, that's a little different from what we talked about last year is that the challenges consumers in the boom and bust markets are having are differentially hitting the mortgage holders more than the non-mortgage holders. Now in many ways this is intuitively plausible. It's just that we said last year in many ways it was more universal effect we saw in the boom and bust markets across mortgage holders and non-mortgage holders.  But lately we have seen actually more of the struggle concentrated with respect to the mortgage holders themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co.
Richard Shane - Jefferies & Co.:  I just want to go back through something, some comments that have been made, and just try to reconcile a couple things. You made the comment that credit is generally in line with your expectations. You made the comment that you built the allowance by about $38 million during the quarter. Last quarter you said that on a next 12-month basis you expected about $6.7 billion of charge-offs or you had an allowance to $6.7 billion of charge-offs. This quarter you say $7 billion allowance over the next 12 months. And again, there's slippage because the 12 months aren't quite comparable. Basically the implication is there's a $3 million increase in terms of allowance expectations. I'm not sure how that relates to the $38 million. But more importantly, when you look at the three quarters that are in common for those comparable periods - Q3, Q4 and Q1 of next year - is there any increase in your loss expectations for those periods, or is this entirely driven by higher expectations for Q2 in '09, which would be a huge increase on a year-over-year basis?
Gary L. Perlin: I certainly understand that every quarter that we have been talking about an allowance billed or released, and trying to relate that to an equivalent level of managed losses over the following 12 months. Remember that that is a bit of an approximate calculation because we only build allowance for the losses we expect for the loans which are on our balance sheet and therefore appropriately reported. So, for example, in this quarter where we built allowance by $38 million but can absorb losses of an extra $300 million over the course of the next 12 months, part of the reasoning behind that - in fact, the single biggest driver - is that as of the end of the first quarter, given the capital market conditions at the time, we assumed that we would not be able to securitize any additional loans. We thought that was the appropriate and prudent assumption. As I mentioned, we had better opportunities over the course of the quarter. We securitized $2.6 billion worth of loans, and therefore, with a higher level of securitization for a shrinking loan book, a smaller number of dollars of allowance against the reported balance sheet can actually absorb a higher level of managed losses.  So, again, we feel it's important to give you both a loss outlook through the managed number but also to give you a sense of how that might affect the allowance itself. So I think it's important to keep that in mind. In terms of the pattern of losses that we might expect, again, as you've heard us say before, when we take a look out six months we have a relatively good view of what to expect because we've got a situation for folks who are already in the delinquency buckets, and therefore the comment that I made and you repeated about our outlook not having changed dramatically means that for the third quarter of '08, the first quarter of '08 and the first quarter of '09, our charge-off outlook hasn't changed very much. Those were already captured in the 12-month forward view at the end of the first quarter. What we have done is to swap out Q2 '08, which we've just finished, and now we're capturing the second quarter of '09 in our 12-month outlook. And as a result, that does assume that with rising loss rates, we're simply going to have a higher level of losses in Q1 '09 than in Q2 '08, and that's the reason that we've gone ahead and increased our coverage ratios to anticipate all of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bradley Ball - Citigroup.
Bradley Ball - Citigroup:  Gary, did you say that you did not expect to issue any credit card ABS in the second half of this year? And I wonder if you could talk about the deposit growth expectations. Are those deposits coming mostly through purchase money through Internet offerings, and what rates are you offering there and what are the implications for your net interest margin if you're purchasing those deposits through the brokerage channel?
Gary L. Perlin: With respect to our funding plan, as I said, over the course of the second quarter we were able to access sequentially better and better terms on asset-backed funding. We did a total of $2.6 billion going from everywhere at about $175 over down to $110 over. And so what we did was to accelerate to the early part of the year some of our funding plan that would have normally come later in the year.  So my point here is that we have no need to issue asset-backed securities in the second half of the year but, again, if market conditions turn favorable we'll look at our other alternatives in terms of private conduits and so forth, and we may find that it's opportunistically appropriate to go ahead and do some additional funding. But there's certainly no need to do it, and that's why I wanted to give you that update on our plan. Part of the overall funding plan, of course, is what we expect in terms of deposit growth and Rich reiterated for you our expectations for deposit growth. And we expect that we'll be using all of our channels to grow deposits. There is, Brad, a good demand for guaranteed deposits. And we're seeing it in our branches; we're seeing it in our national direct bank. And we've also done some brokered CDs as well. I think we will be tilting more towards branch and national direct bank deposits over the balance of the year.  And as far as the terms and the price at which we're operating, if you take a look at even our brokered CDs have been, with weighted average maturities, well beyond two years. So I you have to recognize that we're being very price sensitive there and not doing anything to speak of inside of one year with the national direct bank, again, some of the longer maturities, although we have some new money market accounts that we've been putting out there. And again we expect we're going to get some more business in the branches now that the conversion is behind us and a lot of the new products that Rich mentioned are being rolled out. You can see the prices certainly for our national direct bank on our website. And if you take a look at the results in the second quarter you'll see the deposit margins have improved. So, although we've been able to get a good volume of deposits, those have not come at the expense of margin.
Bradley Ball - Citigroup: Could you talk quickly about your strategy in the U.K.? We note that you haven't grown there for awhile and you're indicating credit conditions have gotten worse. Where do you expect the U.K. franchise to be a couple years down the road? Where do you see it positioning relative to the High Street banks?
Richard D. Fairbank: Brad, right now we are very focused on being in the most secure position possible to weather a potential storm in the U.K. And we've been in that mode for quite some time because, of course, there was a fair amount of credit pressure through insolvencies in the industry as a warm up, in a sense, for a downturn that happened a couple of years ago. And that put us even more so into a very extra cautious, only grow if we're very comfortable it's well above hurdle rate, again, some pretty tough assumptions. So really ever since then, Brad, not a lot has happened in terms of the metrics. We've spent a lot of time working on the business and rebuilt some of the operating infrastructure and so on along the way. We remain really pretty cautious about the U.K just looking at the U.K. environment, it's certainly challenging. Consumer indebtedness is still at record levels. And, more certainly, the declining home values, inflationary pressures are certainly something that we worry about. There are some other factors actually that make the U.K quite a bit better than the U.S. The other factor that the industry's still adjusting to is the cap on fees that was implemented over the past year or so. So generally we're just being very cautious, make sure that we can weather the storm resiliently, but to keep our optionality on the other side of this in terms of the ability to go back and do what we have done in credit card businesses over the years.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  I'm just trying to get my arms around the remaining Greenpoint exposure, and the first thing is the small ticket CRE loans, are those the loans that North Fork used to try to sell through the Greenpoint sales force?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, the small ticket commercial loans are the same that was being done through the entire Greenpoint network on behalf of Greenpoint. Those were being originated for sale, and then we ended up holding the last couple of billion.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  And then how is the NPL ratio 2.4 but the losses are at 2.7.
Richard D. Fairbank: Brian, that's a bit of an anomaly because typically what we've done with that portfolio is rather than have it go to charge-off we have sold the assets prior to that point. We just didn't happen to do any sales in this particular period, and none of the business on the portfolio actually made it to charge-off. So that's more of an anomalous performance in the quarter.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: The $0.03 discontinued ops charge, is that a rep and warranty reserve or is that something else?
Gary L. Perlin: No, the $0.03, Brian, again, there was no additional rep and warranty charge for the Greenpoint book. That is in discontinued operations. So really all you're seeing there is the expenses related to maintaining that book, and also some advances on a couple of Heloc deals that had been previously securitized by Greenpoint. So that accounts for the $0.03.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.:  With regard to account attrition in the credit card portfolio, you mentioned low receivables growth. I'm just curious if that's targeted attrition, and if it is targeted, maybe what credit tiers you're targeting?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, first of all, just an overall comment about our attrition, Scott even despite the change in terms and repricing actions that we took in 2007, we actually are seeing the lowest account attrition rates that we've seen in years. So we're quite positive about that.  The relatively, well, the low to negative growth that you generally see going on recently with Capital One in the Card business is a matter of just our picking our spots selectively, really one customer at a time and one segment at a time. We generally have had the least growth in the prime revolver space, and so net-net that is still - netnet our portfolio is suffering some attrition there because it's not getting replenished as we're staying out of much of that part of the marketplace because of the same issues we've been talking about for years. We don’t think the risk-adjusted returns in that market clear our own estimation of some of the risks. But generally it's pretty much the same story we've said for a long time. This business, generally we find it resilient and continuing to be profitable. One other striking thing I'll say is that recent vintages - the universal principle that I've seen in prior downturns and I've seen in this one - that recent vintages tend to not, as the downturn really takes off, tend to not do as well as prior ones. We see that effect everywhere, but we see that effect the smallest in the Credit Card business where, again, I just think manifestation is the power of some of the underwriting choices we made and to some extent the performance of the business. We've also, Scott, just across the board tightened up our underwriting. We have continued every quarter to raise the bar on the boom and bust markets with respect to credit policy. Within the segments that we have been in we've gone to the highest ground. And in our own forecast, even our baseline forecast, we put a worsening in and then worsen that by another 40%. So the net of all of this, it doesn't generate much growth, but I think it puts us in a very solid position to be ready for the turn in the market.
Scott Valentin - Friedman, Billings, Ramsey & Co.: Auto originations are down. I know you have talked about shrinking that portfolio as well. Is $1.5 billion, I think that's the number, is that a good number to use going forward or do you expect a further reduction in originations?
Richard D. Fairbank: That is ballpark the running rate we're going to be at, plus or minus.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. :  Just a little follow-up on the revenue margin, if you could, or revenue trends. I think you look back a little bit, you had a really good first quarter, 17% growth. All of a sudden it drops like a rock. I think you actually raised your revenue guidance last quarter from low to low to mid, and now you're saying if trends stay stable you're going to be at the low end of the range, which means that revenue margins on a year-over-year basis are going to have to fall even further from here.  What changed from the time you put the Q out in mid-May to today, I just wanted to know, of those factors you detail in the presentation, is it really just the credit performance that changed so dramatically, that late stage roll rate, or are there other factors that you didn't anticipate that caused the revenue margins to collapse so quickly. And if it is the late-stage roll rate, what do you think is causing that? Is it housing that's causing people to go from delinquency to charge-off more quickly?
Richard D. Fairbank: We're not changing our range of guidance with respect to revenue that we had last quarter, but certainly you can see our commentary relative to the very plausible conditions that could take us to the low end of that revenue range. So let me comment on what we see happening with respect to revenue, and we're at a moment in time when I think there's a lot of moving parts and more than usual level of uncertainty about the forecasting of this number. But let's talk about a few factors. Certainly, economic stimulus payments which, particularly in May, they came out, but they're still coming out over this period of time. I don't think anybody's got a measure of that effect but, we see in various news reports that some people are using it to pay off their credit card balances, and I think that's been a downward stimulus on the early delinquencies, which, of course, affect revenues. A very important Capital One effect that we've been talking about for, really, I don't know, four quarters now, something like that, is the impact of our pricing and policy changes that we did last year. And if you look at the series of conversations we had in the later part of last year and every quarter in just about every conversation with Wall Street in the first half of this year we've said, look, this is a very beneficial thing to do, but it's going to put some noise into the credit metrics and into the revenue metrics. And I think we've really seen on the credit side how we deviated from the norm in the credit card industry and have pretty much now come back to the pack.  Chris, we were surprised by the lateness, how belated it seemed that the revenue effects seemed to manifest themselves. And we definitely outperformed our own expectations in the first quarter as the customers adjusting and that impact on revenue just still was stubbornly not manifesting itself. And we think, certainly importantly, that effect played out in the second quarter. Probably net-net relative to our expectations at the time we launched the pricing and policy changes, we have outperformed our own revenue expectations. But certainly there was a significant falloff between the first and second quarter with respect to that, and we believe that that thing has mostly run its course. The other one I think is really probably the most pivotal one to talk about and one that we'll continue to talk about every quarter as we watch it unfold in this downturn is what's happening with respect to roll rates of delinquencies.  The conventional wisdom in the credit card industry I think, among outsiders, certainly, has been that when consumers worsen, it shows up as early delinquencies, then it rolls through and six months later there are charge-offs. And that there is, along the way to higher charge-offs, there's also a significant clawback or a significant, in a sense automatic resilience, if you will. And, we've spent a lot of time studying this over the years. Even before this downturn we had been more skeptical from our analysis of just how much automatic resilience there is. But certainly I would say during this downturn, I don't think we're seeing a lot of automatic resilience.  What's actually happening, Chris, is if you picture the roll rate curve, what we call the roll rate curve, which is the rate at which consumers move into each stage of delinquency, that curve has pivoted so that the rate at which they're entering the very first bucket, which is the bucket before the one you see. You see the second bucket, which is the 59 days of delinquency, but the rate at which they enter the first one is strikingly low, and that is a very important component in the total revenue equation.  And as Gary and I talked about, the rate at which they're moving between delinquency buckets into the later stages has, in fact, increased, so what's happened is the delinquency roll rate curve has actually pivoted in a sense around the very first bucket which, if anything, has actually dropped. What this would mean is for a given level of charge-offs there's going to be less revenue certainly than conventional wisdom would have it. We are taking the interpretation that this pivot is a sustained effect and, not declaring victory from early stage positive delinquency, but in fact saying that this is probably a natural effect of how consumers are behaving in this downturn. And we see other manifestations of this effect, too. We see it on the over limit side.  I think what's going on, Chris, in consumer behavior is the consumers who can manage their finances are in fact really going to extra lengths to be very careful on all fronts. But being careful not to pay over limit fees, being careful not to get a late fee, whereas those that are well on their way to charging off are at a more distressed and less empowered situation than normal.  So I would counsel you to take our view that it's more likely that this pivoted roll rate curve will stay this way. And the one thing I want to say about clawback is I've spoken a lot about the resilience of the credit card business. There are two types of resilience. There's the - to whatever form, there's automatic resilience in the form of what we call clawback, and the other is proactive resilience. The overwhelmingly big effect is proactive resilience. You've seen it in our own book with respect to the ability to dynamically manage the portfolio, most importantly in terms of pricing, but also very much into credit line management and so on. The proactive resilience in this business is very much on display at Capital One, and is the dominant form of clawback. 
Christopher Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: It sounds like it could be housing related if you think about the last cycle that you had, people taking equity out of their house in home equity loans. If they ran into trouble, they ran into some delinquency and some hardship, they could use the house to fall back on, and now you're just not seeing that because once people get in trouble there's no other options. They're starting to - the roll rates are deteriorating in the later stages. Do you see that more in the regions with the hot housing markets, this effect, or is it nationwide?
Richard D. Fairbank: Well, the fact that we've increasingly of late seen a differential performance with respect to delinquencies and charge-offs of mortgage holders in the boom and bust markets versus the renters would suggest your hypothesis is correct. And it's very plausible.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.:  The first question relates to the allowance in the quarter. Gary, you mentioned that some of the observed delinquency trends in the quarter were a factor in reducing the base allowance requirement. I'm curious if you were able to quantify any impact on delinquencies in the quarter from stimulus checks? And the natural follow on to that is do you think that the stimulus checks did reduce delinquencies and therefore directly reduce your allowance requirements this quarter, which might serve to be caught up in the next quarter? 
Gary L. Perlin: Yes. As both Rich and I have said, Bob, we'd love to be able to give you more insight on the impact of the stimulus payments. Unfortunately, it's just very hard to model. It's something out of the ordinary. Certainly one can read various accounts in newspapers and so forth on how people are using the checks. It's reasonable to believe that people are using it in a defensive way, either to purchase necessities or to manage their debts. And it's not inconsistent with the behavior we're seeing, but I don't think we can get to the point of suggesting that there's a clear correlation there. In terms of the calculation of the allowance, again, different impacts in different businesses. So, as Rich said, with the old Greenpoint Heloc portfolio, for example, Rich described that, although at a very high level of losses, that's stabilized and that portfolio is running off pretty quickly. That's the kind of thing that would tend to have us reduce the allowance. Again, in the auto business, where we're seeing some contraction, what you can assume is that, with the allowance thing pretty stable, quarter to quarter, the contraction is more or less offsetting for any degradation that we may be seeing or assumptions on recovery rates and those sorts of things. I think by and large if you take a look at the big drivers of loss outlook, which is in all these macro statistics, whether it's housing crisis, unemployment, consumer confidence and so forth, that is consistent with greater weakness going forward than we have seen in our portfolio up until now, and that's why you see the coverage ratios of allowance to 30-plus delinquencies going up. And it's about as good as we can do, particularly when we have to capture that back six months of the 12-month outlook, where we have to make assumptions about people who are going to charge off between months 7 and 12 who today are current. And, again, all we can do is use our best models to come up with that.  
Bob Hughes - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.:  When I looked at the other segment, there was about a $4 billion increase in core deposits. Is that out of the direct bank, and where is the new online product offering's house, in the Banking segment or separately? 
Richard D. Fairbank: Bob, all of the deposits that are in the other segment are deposits raised through the broker channel because that is considered a treasury instrument. It's simply a funding instrument. You would see all of the national direct bank deposits in the local banking segment, as Rich described it. But when you add them all together and you can take a look at the margins, you can see that we are obviously very proactive in managing the channels to get the best possible pricing among the various choices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch:  My question relates to your capital retention strategy. I'm hoping you might be able to add some additional clarification. You're generating capital internally, which is, frankly, a very anomalous event in the financial services world these days. You have been very capable at growing deposits, reducing receivables. Your ABS is fairly stable. Can you give us some additional insight into your decision to want to retain capital going forward please? And then I have a follow up as well.
Gary L. Perlin: Well, Ken, I think it should pretty much speak for itself. We are in the same boat as everybody else to understand that our economy is under great pressure; hard to know exactly how deeply pressured the economy gets or how long it lasts. And as a result, while our allowance obviously will reflect our view of expected losses, one can only assume that the level of unexpected losses is higher today than it was, and therefore holding capital at this point in time beyond that which is used to pay our dividend is the appropriate thing for us to do from a defensive standpoint.  But the same capital that we're holding onto today, Ken, for defensive purposes, is available to support the growth in the book that Rich described us to expect to pursue as we see the economy improving. So think of it as defensive in the short run, but it's also my need to be able to make sure that when our businesses see the opportunities to grow I don't hold them back by virtue of not having the right amount of capital for them.
Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch: So in summary it's just you [inaudible] it in the short term. It gives you maybe some drag on earnings, but that's a reasonable price to pay for one, just protection on the downside, and two, the growth on the flip side of this cycle should ultimately see nice margin expansion so you don't need to borrow as much at that point?
Gary L. Perlin: Yes, drag on returns, not on earnings, but certainly a drag on returns. And as I said, even in our investment portfolio, because that capital is available to us and because of the anomalies we're seeing in the market, we've been able to generate some pretty good investment returns there. Normally we would prefer to use that capital towards the building of our loan book.
Operator: Your next question comes from Moshe Orenbush - Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbush - Credit Suisse:  It seems like your reserving methodology, as you've rolled forward this loss over the next four quarters, you don't really assume an improving economy. So given the fact that a number of your competitors actually have worse results than you now, what is going to be the signal that it's time to start investing that capital and growing the receivables again?
Richard D. Fairbank: Moshe, from my experience of 20 years of doing this consumer lending business, I think the term we use is the inflection point. How will you - if you believe the thesis that probably the worst business is the business book during the later part of a boom and then into the down cycle and the best is that which is booked past that inflection point, I think the key indicators would be, first of all, obviously ones looking at the economy and so on, although we certainly have seen, Moshe, that a lot of times our own, say, credit card performance is an early indicator of economic indicators and not the other way around. But we'd certainly have an eye to the economy, although my hunch is it might be a little late to the party from a metrics point of view. Obviously a big one is just looking at our own portfolio. But I think looking at recent vintages is very, very important, and the nature of positive or negative selection that we see coming right over the transom at the origination stage because what I've found over time, you don't necessarily have to wait a year to figure stuff out.  There's a lot of signs associated with the flow of applications at the point of origination that, looking at distribution of scores, looking at the credit profile, and a whole variety of metrics that we have that I think that the challenge we put out to all of our businesses, Moshe, is how will you know it when you see it, when the inflection point has come, and what are you going to do about that?  I don't think it's necessarily a universal Capital One moving at all times across all businesses. I think certainly between our commercial business in local geographies and nationally on the consumer side, these may come at different points. The key thing - my key pitch is this is asymmetrical risk until you hit the inflection point. And I think, back to Ken's question, we are best served by being extremely conservative, stockpiling capital, funding and credit capacity, if you will, to take advantage in a weaker market that comes on the other side of this. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch.
Kenneth Bruce - Merrill Lynch: Could you remind us just in terms of how the trusts are structured, at certain points in terms of either delinquency or default there is a cash-trapping mechanism. Could you just remind us maybe how that works and any levels that it would be areas to be considered in that? I know back in late '05 there were some trusts that may have triggered those outcomes.
Gary L. Perlin: Ken, it's a much longer answer than I think we should give you on the phone here certainly. The IR team can give you the details. Let me just leave you with two quick thoughts, the first of which is you can certainly look at excess spread in the trust as one good indicator of the health of the trust. And when you look at it, you'll realize that, even if you don't talk to IR tonight, you've got plenty of time to learn about it because we're nowhere close. But certainly I think it's a good time for you to make sure that we give you the fully story, and we'll be happy to do that.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session.
Jeff Norris: Thanks to all of you for joining us on the conference call today, and thank you for your interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations team will be here this evening to answer any additional questions you may have. Have a good evening.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Gary L. Perlin - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Richard D. Fairbank - Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer 
Analysts:  Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Craig Maurer - Calyon Capital Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company Eric Wasserstrom - UBS Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Hughes - KBW Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Steven Wharton – JP Morgan Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs  
Operator:  Welcome to the Capital One first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations.
Jeff Norris: Welcome to Capital One’s first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the internet, please log on to Capital One’s website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our first quarter 2008 results. With me today is Richard Fairbank, Capital One’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Gary Perlin, Capital One’s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One’s website, click on “Investors”, and then click on “Quarterly Earnings Release”. Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One’s financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today’s discussion and the materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials.  Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements.  For more information on these factors, please see the section titled Forward-Looking Information in the earnings release presentation and the Risk Factors section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. At this time, I’ll turn the call over to Mr. Perlin.
Gary L. Perlin: I’ll begin on Slide 3 of the presentation. Capital One posted first quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.47. We generated $1.70 per share from continuing operations which was offset by a $0.23 loss per share in discontinued operations. EPS from continuing operations was up $0.05 or 3% from the first quarter of 2007. Significant items of note in the quarter were a $310 million increase in the allowance for loan losses and a $200 million benefit related to the Visa IPO. In addition, we posted a $104 million increase in the representation and warranty reserve for loans originated and sold by GreenPoint Mortgage which accounts for nearly all of the loss in discontinued operations.  Revenue margin was stable from the fourth quarter of ‘07 to the first quarter of ‘08, but was up substantially from the prior year quarter. Over the course of the last 12 months strong margins coupled with solid operating leverage combined to offset the adverse impact of significantly higher credit costs. Credit is clearly the key performance driver in the most recent quarter and for our outlook going forward. For the first three months of 2008 charge-offs and delinquencies were consistent with the expectations we articulated in January. Since then, however, there has been clear evidence of a steadily weakening economy throughout the quarter, which causes us to expect further credit deterioration and led us to increase our loan loss allowance by an additional $310 million. Both Rich and I will spend a good portion of our remarks today talking about credit. Managed loans declined in the quarter by $3.3 billion from the fourth quarter of 2007 partly due to seasonal declines in credit card balances and partly due to our cautious approach to new loan origination across our consumer lending businesses. Deposits on the other hand grew by $4.9 billion in the quarter. Given the distressed state of capital markets, we leveraged our multiple deposit origination channels to raise cost-effective funding. Our balance sheet remains a source of strength and provides increasingly important opportunities to improve financial performance, as I’ll discuss in a moment. We continue to generate substantial amounts of capital which enabled us to increase the ratio of tangible common equity to tangible managed assets from 5.83% to 6.03% while increasing our quarterly dividend from $0.027 to $0.375.  We also leveraged our strong liquidity position to take advantage of capital market dislocations, to refinance previously issued high cost debt by buying it back in the secondary market and replacing it with cheaper sources of funding, including deposits. Finally, during the quarter we passed a significant milestone in the integration of our banking businesses by successfully completing brand and deposit platform conversions in our metro New York branch system. Let me now address these key drivers of Capital One’s financial performance in a bit more detail starting with margin trends on Slide 4. Revenue margin, net interest margin and risk adjusted margin were all up in the first quarter versus the year-ago quarter. Revenue margin and NIM were relatively stable versus the prior quarter while risk adjusted margin declined somewhat. There are a number of factors driving these margin dynamics in the quarter and over the last year. On a year-over-year basis, pricing and fee increases in US card helped drive significant improvement in both NIM and revenue margin. While sharply higher charge-offs caused by a weakening economy largely offset this benefit, resulting in a relatively stable risk adjusted margin. On a sequential quarter basis the increase in charge-offs caused risk adjusted margin to decline. Meanwhile both revenue margin and NIM were relatively stable as declining fees in US card were offset by a portion of the impact of the Visa IPO and benefits for more active management across the Capital One balance sheet, which I’d like to focus on for a moment now. While this quarter saw our branch banking operations being integrated, we integrated treasury operations immediately upon the closing of our acquisitions of Hibernia and North Fork.  The addition of significant amounts of deposit funding, including money market and interest-bearing checking accounts, has greatly expanded the tools we have to fund operations more cost effectively and to more actively manage our exposure to market rates. You see the positive impact of both of these developments in the first quarter. First, as the spread on Capital One parent and bank notes, like those of other financial institutions widened in response to the sharp decline of liquidity in the fixed income markets, we purchased at a discount approximately $1 billion of our highest cost debt securities. Retiring the debt at par led to the recognition of a $52 million gain in non-interest income. Refinancing this debt with much more attractively priced deposit funding also created a modest benefit to interest expense, which will continue in future quarters. Since acquiring the banks, we increased our liability sensitivity and with sharply declining interest rates and a significantly steeper yield curve, this benefited our net interest and revenue margins in the first quarter by offsetting the reduction in some US card revenues.  While Capital One’s overall appetite for interest rate risk remains relatively low compared to other banks, we have increased our limits and are prudently operating within them to benefit from market conditions. The benefits of lower rates and the steeper yield curve on our margins, along with solid expense management, should continue to provide some offset to higher credit costs. Let’s turn to Slide 5 where I’ll address expenses. Operating efficiency has been improving steadily and is visible both on a year-over-year basis and over linked quarters. The steady improvement in Capital One’s efficiency ratio is partially driven by the healthy growth in revenues we’ve delivered but it also demonstrates the solid progress we’ve made on our cost restructuring program, which will continue to strengthen our competitive position. The reported improvement in the last quarter is exaggerated by one-time impacts to revenue and expense related to the Visa IPO in the fourth quarter of ‘07 and first quarter of ‘08. But even if we net these out, our efficiency ratio would have fallen 260 basis points from the prior quarter to 41.6%.  Headcount was reduced by approximately 1,600 in the first quarter and by approximately 5,400 since the first quarter of last year. During the quarter we incurred $53 million in restructuring expense which resulted from decisions to outsource much of our UK card infrastructure and to restructure and downsize our auto finance operations. We anticipate these moves will eliminate about 1,000 positions. Integration expenses were $30 million in the quarter. While the bulk of our bank integration work is now complete, there are a variety of smaller integration projects that will continue to incur expenses for the next few quarters. Finally, marketing expenses were down moderately on both linked quarter and prior year bases as we remain cautious on loan growth in the wake of a steadily weakening US economy. Going forward, we expect our efficiency ratio to remain in the mid 40s or lower for the remainder of the year.  We are on track to deliver by 2009 some $700 million of run rate cost savings from the restructuring program launched in May of 2007. We continue to expect 2008 operating expenses to be at least $200 million below our 2007 expenses. Turning to Slide 6 and 7, I’ll touch briefly on credit performance and how it affected financial performance in the first quarter. Overall, credit metrics continue to reflect a weakening US economy and we see evidence of a cyclical downturn in all of our US businesses.  That said, and as you’ve already seen in our monthly managed credit statistics including March data which was included in our April 10 disclosure, charge-offs and delinquencies in the quarter were largely in line with the expectations we discussed in January. Despite credit performing as expected in the quarter, it’s clear that the macro-environment deteriorated pretty significantly, suggesting that this cyclical downturn may be deeper and longer than was anticipated in prior results. Turning to Slide 7, therefore, we now assume that more significant credit headwinds will adversely impact us later this year and into next year. We added $310 million to our allowance for loan losses due to this worsening, bringing the total allowance to just under $3.3 billion.  While allowance is held only against reported loans on our balance sheet, we estimate that this level of allowance would be consistent with managed charge-offs of approximately $6.7 billion over the next 12 months ending March 31, 2009. In line with this expectation for credit worsening later in 2008, the coverage ratios of allowance to reported 30-day plus dollar delinquencies increased for the company as a whole and for our US lending businesses. With this backdrop, let’s move on to discuss capital and liquidity. Even with rising levels of expected credit losses, Capital One continues to generate capital in excess of what is required to support balance sheet growth and our higher dividend pay out. As a result, our tangible common equity ratio increased from 5.83% to 6.03% during the first quarter which leaves us slightly above the high end of our long-term targeted range. In late January, our Board approved the increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.027 to $0.375 per share. This increase in dividend demonstrates the Board’s confidence in the company’s ability to generate capital throughout the economic cycle.  The Board also authorized a $2 billion share repurchase program in the quarter but given current economic uncertainty we intend to wait before executing any stock buyback at least until the second half of this year. In the meantime we continue to expect that our TCE ratio will remain at the high end of or above our 5.5% to 6% target range for the remainder of 2008. I’ll discuss liquidity and funding on Slide 9. The key to this quarter’s liquidity story was our deposit funding which, as is typically the case, serves as an important hedge against difficult wholesale markets as consumers and other investors move into bank deposits. We leveraged our multiple deposit channels to grow deposits by $4.9 billion in the quarter and now expect deposits to continue to comprise the majority of our incremental funding for the remainder of this year. While capital markets are obviously stressed, the AAA credit card securitization market continues to attract liquidity and we have executed $3 billion of AAA credit card securitization funding so far this year. Although execution has been at spreads much wider than the record tight levels of a year ago, the sharp decline in benchmark rates has somewhat mitigated the wider credit spreads resulting in all-in funding costs that are still attractive. Our liquidity philosophy is to prepare for sustained periods of stress in the capital markets, a mindset that has prepared us well for the current environment. It has resulted in our developing a substantial stock pile of $30 billion of readily available liquidity, an amount more than five times our anticipated level of capital markets funding during the next 12 months. We also have sufficient conduit capacity and other securitization levers to satisfy our card securitization funding plan until the second half of 2009. We continue to focus on reducing our need to access the wholesale markets as evidenced by the move of our auto finance business to one of our national banks, providing that business access to deposit funding.  This legal entity move also significantly benefited our holding company liquidity as we now have well over $5 billion of cash at the holding company, a level sufficient to support parent obligations and our current common stock dividend payments for more than two years. Our balance sheet is very well-positioned to weather the current cyclical downturn. Turning to Slide 10, I’ll conclude with a few comments on our new segment and sub-segment disclosures. We announced last November a realignment of our business units which resulted in a split of the previously constituted global financial services portfolio that had included both some US and overseas businesses.  Because our small business and installment loan businesses in the US, previously reported in GFS, have consistently followed the performance of our US consumer card business we have added them to our US card sub-segment which now includes all unsecured lending businesses in the U.S. This change aligns our reporting to that of many of our peers and recognizes that for some time small business card receivables have been included in our Master Credit Card Trust or COMT. It also allows us to provide you with additional visibility into our international activity by breaking out our UK and Canadian operations together into a sub segment P&L. Hopefully you will find this additional disclosure useful.  We have provided the prior five quarters of results for the new segments and have also provided monthly credit statistics for the first quarter in our earnings release tables. Going forward, we will continue providing monthly-managed credit statistics for the card and auto lending sub segments.  However, we will no longer provide monthly credit metrics for our local banking segment. Given the very low loss rates in this largely commercial portfolio and the inherent intra-quarter volatility of charge-off timing, we feel that monthly information is not very useful and, in fact, could be misleading. Thus, we will return to the practice of providing local banking credit information only on a quarterly basis. Before, I turn the call over to Rich, I’d like to note the increased first quarter profits, which appear in the Other category and you see on Slide 10. Aside from benefiting from the Visa IPO and other factors, it’s also worth remembering that the margin benefits I discussed earlier, which rose from more active balance sheet management show up in the Other category, which includes treasury results.  Like most other banks, Capital One operates an integrated treasury operation. We transfer price asset funding to the segments and in the case of the local banking segment, we transfer price deposit funding, as well.  Because assets and liabilities are transfer priced on a match duration basis, the results of the Capital One’s interest rate risk positioning are not reflected in the reported business segments. They are reported along with the results of other treasury activities such as securities gains and losses and adjustments to our IO strips in the Other category. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rich.
Richard D. Fairbank: I’ll discuss our US card, auto finance and local banking businesses over the next few slides. But before leaving Slide 10, let me make some brief comments on our international business, which is comprised of our credit card businesses in the UK and Canada.  The credit environment in the UK has remained stable for several quarters and our own credit performance has been stable to modestly improving for several quarters. However, we remain cautious about growth in the UK given the considerable economic uncertainty there.  Our Canadian credit card business continues to perform very well with stable credit performance and solid returns. Overall, net income for the international businesses increased significantly from the prior year quarter, as a result of the improvement in credit losses in the UK. Net income declined from the fourth quarter of 2007, which included a one-time gain from the sale of our Spanish business. I’ll discuss our US card business on Slide 11. As Gary just told you, the US card business now includes our legacy US consumer card business plus our installment lending point-of-sale and small business card businesses. The newly added businesses consist of about $17 billion of somewhat lower loss, lower margin loans, as compared to the legacy US consumer card business. All of the comparisons to prior periods have been adjusted to reflect the composition of the new US card sub segment.  While, obviously impacted by significant credit headwinds our US card business continues to demonstrate its resilience. First quarter net income of $491 million declined 8% from the prior year quarter, as strong revenue growth and continuing expense reductions partially offset increased charge-offs and allowance build. Delinquencies and charge-offs increased significantly compared to the first quarter of 2007, but credit performance in the quarter was largely in line with the expectations we articulated in January. As we have discussed previously, we made significant pricing and fee policy moves in the second and third quarters of 2007. While, these moves continue to generate significant revenue, they also caused our credit metrics to worsen earlier and to a greater degree than the industry during the second half of 2007.  We expected some of the negative credit impacts of our revenue moves to be temporary, as customers adjust to new pricing and terms. Curing of these temporary effects in the first quarter appears to be muting the negative impact of continued weakening and the broader economy. Because of these offsetting forces, delinquencies in the quarter reflected normal seasonal improvements, as compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. While, we are on the subject of US card credit, I’d like to highlight the expected implementation of OCC minimum payment requirements, which we first discussed in our recent 10-K for 2007.  As part of our ongoing plan to streamline and simplify our regulatory relationships, we’ve converted Capital One bank to a national association. Going forward, the primary regulator of our credit card businesses will be the OCC. The OCC has specific policies governing credit card minimum payment rules, and we are planning a staged implementation of these requirements through 2008.  Currently, the minimum payment we request from our customers is relatively high compared to other issuers. Therefore, switching to OCC minimum payment requirements will not have much of an impact on our customers who are current on their accounts. But because of the OCC minimum payment requirements are designed to eliminate negative amortization, implementing them is likely to accelerate charge-offs for some delinquent customers. We expect this change to increase overall US card delinquencies and losses modestly in late 2008 with further increases in 2009.  Our expectations are based on internal testing and directional indications of what competitors saw when they made this change. While I wanted to flag this change now, the new minimum payment policies will only be one factor in our US card credit card results. Looking forward, we expect US card credit metrics to move in line with broad industry and economic trends for the remainder of 2008. We expect US card charge-off rate in the low 6% range for the next six months. It is likely that US card charge-off rate will be higher in the fourth quarter, as a result of several factors.  First, expected seasonal patterns would result in higher charge-off levels, all else equal. Second, we’ve observed significant weakening and economic indicators during the first quarter. The impact of economic weakening is likely to be more evident in our US card credit metrics later in the year. Finally, the initial impacts of the OCC minimum payment changes I just mentioned are also expected to begin in the fourth quarter. In 2007, we took decisive actions to build revenues and improve our cost infrastructure, to strengthen our long-term competitive position and to manage our card business as effectively as possible as the credit cycle turned. As a result, our strong margins and expense improvements have been key drivers of resilience in the face of economic headwinds.  Revenue margin for the quarter was 16.4%, an increase of about 250 basis points from the first quarter of last year. On a sequential quarter basis, revenue margin declined from the fourth quarter 2007 peak of 17.4% as expected.  The decline in the quarter resulted mostly from customers adjusting to the new pricing and terms we implemented last year and from typical seasonal reductions in spending and interchange revenue. Another factor was the implementation of the final phases of our program of fee policy changes that began last year. During the first quarter, we implemented planned adjustments to our fee policies such as more flexible and targeted fee waivers. We expect US card revenue margin to decline again next quarter, as a result of the, if you will, full quarter effects of these adjustments we made this quarter. That said we expect US current revenue margin to remain at very strong levels such that the full year revenue margin for 2008 will be higher than the full year revenue margin for 2007.  Non-interest expenses declined throughout 2007 and in the first quarter of 2008, as a result of focused cost management and efficiency actions, which were enabled by the systems conversion we completed last year.  I’ll close my discussion of US card by recapping the many actions we continued to take to manage the business through the cycle. As we always have, we continued to tightly manage credit lines and specifically design products for each part of the credit risk spectrum. We continue to increase collections and recovery intensity and to aggressively pursue process and efficiency improvements within the US card business and we’re pulling back further on loan growth as industry trends and economic indicators weaken.  Our marketing efforts are focused on selectively growing only those sub segments of the US card business that we believe to be the most resilient through cycle. As a result of our continuing actions and the longstanding focus on ensuring resilience to credit cycles, our US card business remains well-positioned to successfully navigate near-term challenges and to continue its success through the cycle. Turning to Slide 12, I’ll discuss our auto finance business. The auto finance business posted a net loss of $82 million in the quarter, as we continued the significant pull back and repositioning of the business.  A pre-tax allowance build of approximately $160 million drove the loss in the quarter. The allowance build resulted from our view of the external environment and was not the result of any breakdowns in our credit policies. There were two important drivers of the allowance build.  First, our view of the overall consumer economic environment has materially worsened during the quarter, as Gary mentioned earlier. Second, auto resale values, as reflected in the Manheim Index, have fallen. We expect the declines to continue, which will increase the loss severities going forward.  As Gary showed earlier, our coverage ratio define as allowance as a percentage of 30 plus delinquencies, increased from 41% at the end of 2007 to 64% at the end of the first quarter. In light of the elevated loss performance of the existing loan portfolio and the current industry-wide environment, we took decisive containment actions at the end of 2007, as we discussed on the last earnings call. In the first quarter, we’ve moved even further to retrench and reposition our auto finance business. We have significantly ramped down originations volume in the first quarter by continuing to pull out of the more risky and uncertain areas of both prime and subprime, and essentially moving to higher ground.  We have exited the riskiest 25% of subprime originations and we continue to focus on the uppermost part of the subprime risk spectrum. We’ve virtually exited the near prime space all together. This has resulted in a decline of loan originations to $2.4 billion in the first quarter, 33% lower than Q4 2007 and 26% lower than a year ago in Q1 2007. The total auto portfolio shrank by approximately $0.5 billion versus the first quarter of 2007. The credit characteristics of the new originations continue to improve with FICO scores continuing to rise in both subprime and prime originations.  For example, the average FICO score of the prime business we are originating today is approximately 40 points higher than for prime originations a year ago and approximately 80 points higher than for prime originations two years ago. Even as credit characteristics have improved, we have leveraged pricing opportunities in the market, as competitive supply has decreased. We have increased our investment and focus on collections and recoveries, increasing our recoveries intensities to better manage the current situation. We have decisively moved to reduce other operating expenses in the business.  Despite an overall reduction in managed loans our expense ratio stands at 2.17% for the first quarter, a 15 basis point improvement from the sequential quarter and a 63 basis point improvement from a year ago. We continue to take direct and strong action in the auto business. We are further restricting our new originations to areas of increased stability and lower losses, while maintaining appropriate coverage in our bank footprint and our focus on our best dealer customers. This will accelerate a shrinking of our auto portfolio, as the existing portfolio runs off. We expect full year 2008 originations to be more than 40% below our 2007 originations and on a run rate basis we expect that originations will decline by more than 45% compared to the run rate in the fourth quarter of 2007. At our expected originations run rate, the shrinkage of managed loan to balances will accelerate. The lower loan balances will of course have several effects on the optics of our auto business. For example, declining loan balances will reduce the denominator for calculations of metrics like charge-off rates, delinquency rates and operating expense as a percentage of loans. This will put upward pressure on these ratios, making them appear more negative than the actual trends in charge-off delinquency and operating expense dollars. We’ve taken decisive actions to significantly pull back origination volumes, manage credit, increase pricing and reduce operating expenses. As a result, we believe that the loans we’re originating today will meet our expectation for risk adjusted returns and resilience through the cycle.  We believe our actions will result in a substantially smaller but more stable auto business. We will be monitoring the business results closely over the next few quarters, especially the performance of the new originations, and we’ll be prepared to take further appropriate actions based on the results. I’ll discuss our local banking business on Slide 13. We completed the successful integration of our local banking business onto a single deposit platform on March 12. We also launched the new Capital One bank brand in metro New York. I spent considerable time with our bank leadership team and our associates as they carefully planned and executed a sure-footed integration and I’ve seen firsthand their dedication to serving our customers.  This is the last major milestone in our banking integration efforts and I want to personally congratulate and thank all of the associates who made the integration a success. In the midst of executing a major integration, results in the local banking business remained steady and solid. On a sequential quarter basis, loans and deposits grew modestly and profits declined as the economy weakened during the quarter. Net income declined significantly compared to the first quarter of 2007, as a result of several factors. Provision expense increased from the year ago quarter consistent with the credit trends shown on the graph on the right of Slide 13.  Just as international lending businesses were coming off a period of historically low losses, we experienced rising losses in isolated parts of the commercial lending portfolio due to the softening economy. But our exposures in these areas are quite small. For example, while we saw some weakness in the credit performance of New Jersey construction lending, these loans comprised less than 1% of the commercial portfolio. Overall, our commercial portfolio continues to perform very well. Losses also increased in unsecured consumer lending, primarily due to higher losses on loans in Texas. In response, we’ve adjusted lending policy and pricing in Texas. At 31 basis points, the charge-off rate at our local banking portfolio is up significantly from the prior year quarter but remains well within our expectations and at a very low level. In addition to provision expense, several other factors contributed to the decline in first quarter net income. Operating expenses were higher partly due to the successful integration and conversion efforts in the quarter.  Non-interest income was lower as Capital One home loan originations declined significantly from the first quarter of 2007 as expected in the current mortgage environment and deposit margins were down modestly as a result of deposit mix shifting toward higher cost time deposits. In the current Capital Markets environment, we increased our marketing efforts and our direct banking channel to increase the company’s overall mix of deposit funding. For local banking the integrated deposit platform and the new brands are the foundation that will help us develop and execute new growth strategies and continue the tradition of providing great customer service to our banking customers across the franchise. Slide 14 summarizes our updated outlook for 2008. For the last two quarters we provided guidance on key operating metrics. We’ve updated our expectations based on first quarter results and trends we observe in our own portfolio and the broader economy. Specifically, in 2008 we expect flat loan growth and double-digit deposit growth. In the current economic and capital markets environment we will remain cautious on loan growth and bullish on deposit growth. Revenue growth should be in the low to mid single digits as deposited margin trends and US card moderate somewhat in 2008. Our efficiency ratio should be in the mid 40s or lower with overall operating expenses coming in at least $200 million below their 2007 level. From a credit standpoint we expect continued pressure as the economy continues to weaken and as Gary mentioned earlier, we expect our TCE ratio to be at the high-end or above our 5.5% to 6% target. In the first quarter of 2008, challenges and uncertainty in the economy, credit markets and capital markets increased and our expectations for credit reflect this. For all of the other operating metrics, our expectations remain consistent or modestly better as we manage the company to navigate the near-term challenges. I’ll conclude tonight on Slide 17. In many ways we’ve been preparing for an economic downturn for years. The businesses we’ve chosen, the conservatism we’ve embedded into all our underwriting decisions, the fortification of our funding and liquidity and our move to transform the company from monoline to bank have all put us in a very strong position to successfully manage the company through today’s near-term challenges. We have several key areas of strength that put us in a strong position. Our diversified bank balance sheet provides us with ample liquidity and a diverse set of funding options. It also enables balance sheet management strategies that generate returns in and of themselves. Our management actions have generated revenue and reduced operating cost to help offset significant increases in credit costs. As a result, our businesses continue to generate profits in capital. We are also in a strong position because we don’t have many of the significant exposures and risks facing other banks. We don’t have the investments that are creating large and unpredictable losses and significant capital issues for many banks. We have no CDOs or SIVs, and no exposure to leverage loans and our remaining exposure to poorly performing Alt-A home equity loans is less than 1% of managed loans. But being well positioned is never enough. We are acting decisively and aggressively to manage the company for the benefit of shareholders in the face of cyclical economic headwinds. We’ve been through cycles before and we are tapping that experience to inform and shape our actions today. In our auto finance business, our actions over the last two quarters amount to a significant retrenching and repositioning of the business. We are cutting the origination run rate by almost half and shrinking the overall portfolio and we are moving to the highest ground with respect to credit risk and pricing. We continually assess the returns and resilience of our lending businesses and we remain focused on the parts of each of our businesses that we believe to be the most resilient to economic stress. For example we pulled back to the core credit card business in the UK as we stopped originating personal loans and home equity loans in that market. In the US we stopped originating direct channel non-card small business loans and we’ve exited portions of the prime installment lending and point-of-sale market.  We’ve made the difficult but bold move of shutting down the GreenPoint Mortgage origination business, putting substantial mortgage related risks behind us. We moved to build revenue in our US card business to strengthen its resilience ahead of the economic headwinds. We’ve made great progress on our efforts to reduce our cost structure and improve operating efficiency to enhance our long-term competitive position and build resilience to rising credit costs and aided by our banking transformation we built a strong and diversified balance sheet with rock solid liquidity and capital positions. As our businesses continue to generate capital, we’ve raised our dividend and we are continuing to build our capital ratio to the high-end of our target range. Like all banks, we face significant cyclical economic and market headwinds but when I look at how we are positioned and the actions we are taking, I remain confident that we will be able to navigate the near-term challenges and put our company in a position to deliver strong shareholder value through the cycle. Now Gary and I will answer your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) We’ll go first to Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  I would like a little more color if I could on the worsening in the credit outlook by product if you give a little more? Are you seeing, is it more weighted to the auto business? Is it equally waited against all the products? Where, the significant worsening that you are seeing, a little more direct color by product.
Richard D. Fairbank:  Bob, the allowance build was really driven a lot more by less about what’s cooking in the oven in some sense and really what appears to be cooking if will you in the economy. So that’s the most important point I want to say. If we take our businesses, probably the one that has been the most benign has been the US credit card business.  And there our only caution is we might come in a little bit more benign than some of the competitors who didn’t have some of the offsetting effects relative to fee and pricing changes. So you can see our caution there is not to get, not to get carried away by some of the nice seasonal benign characteristics that we see in our U.S. card business.  As a general observation we believe that the, there is probably a reason though that the card business I think performs a little better at a time like this and things like installment loans which, by the way, are performing a notch, a half notch worse right now. One of our core principles is we think about resiliencies, we think consumers have a bias to pay the loans that they have that provide enduring value, credit card represents continuing open to buy and installment loan is pretty much a one off.  That may explain why there’s just a bit more worsening in the US installment loan business but this is still in the category of relatively moderate stuff. The place that we have had the most concerns in terms of what is cooking in the oven has been in the auto business, Bob, not because the actual underwriting is performing worse than we had expected.  It’s really the pretty striking effects going on with used car pricing and if you actually go back to the last recession, used car pricing went up actually during the recession and it’s clearly going the other way this time. Probably the biggest reason for that is the impact of oil prices that are hitting particularly the larger vehicles.  So, Bob, we actually feel overall quite good about the, in the aggregate about the performance of the loans on our portfolio, particularly in terms of just everything we read in the paper every day, but I just thing be it’s very prudent that we incorporate the very clear signals that we see occurring in the economy.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray:  On the bank is a pretty significant drop in the profitability run rate of the bank from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, I just wondered would you view that as a run rate in this environment $75 million per quarter?
Richard D. Fairbank:  No, Bob, $75 million per quarter. There are a few factors that drove the bank. Certainly there has been some worsening of credit. It’s on a fairly small base. Again we feel overall very good about bank credit. There’s been a little softness in the consumer loan portfolio in the Texas area.  That’s taken a little bit of a toll on the allowance build. That’s more of an allowance build than an ongoing P&L issue. The operating costs are elevated due to the conversion, although you won’t see it immediately come down in the next quarter because there’s some post conversion still activities going on and a step up, significant step up with respect to marketing.  So I wouldn’t say it represents the running rate over time. I think more it’s just a window into some of the pressures at the moment, moderate pressures on the bank segment.
Operator:  We’ll take our next question from Bruce Harting - Lehman Brothers.
Bruce Harting - Lehman Brothers:  Adjusting back for the old segments, do you have the number on what the credit charge-off number would have been? What’s the UK strategy from here and can you size that for us? And then finally, in a more normalized credit environment, what Gary, should we be benchmarking in terms of ROE or RO tangible E? 
Richard D. Fairbank:  Well, with respect to the new and old segments, you have all those numbers already, Bruce, because we published the monthly statistics through the course of the first quarter on the old basis and now we are giving you the new basis. So you should also be able to give yourself a sense of how those two interact and you’ll be able to adjust any forecasts you have for these new segments.
Gary L. Perlin:  Bruce, was your second question, did I hear you say the UK strategy? I am going to assume your question was the UK strategy. Basically the UK strategy is a microcosm of our whole strategy these days in that we are trying to be very cautious. So here the UK has seen a pretty significant moderation in terms of credit risk particularly if you adjust for things like debt sales, it has been significant.  It’s not something to declare victory about and we obviously still have concerns about the UK economy and, of course, we’ve seen what the central bank has been doing there with respect to cutting rates.  So the UK is very similar to what the way we are looking at the credit card business in the US which is to just make sure what we are booking is healthy and resilient and to make sure operating costs and the economics of the business are as strong as possible at a time like this and to be on the look out for those inflexion points when it’s clear that you have a combination of clear, clear indications internally that some of the worse credit is behind us.  And also indications externally that the both that the economy is going to be strong and that we are going to have positive as opposed to negative selection with respect to our applicants.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Craig Maurer - Calyon Capital.
Craig Maurer - Calyon Capital:  Has your asset liability sensitivity changed substantially since you reported it in your 10-K? And, secondly, compared to your expectations how has traffic been in the New York branches since you have gone through your conversion? 
Gary L. Perlin:  Craig I will take that first question. No, the sensitivity has not changed materially since the time of the K. For those who might not have focused on it, we did indicate in the K that we have a change in our overall risk limits, as I described a few moments ago. We have much more flexibility.  Many more indeterminate maturity deposits which allow to us feel more comfortable with a larger limit on risk so we’ve gone from a limit of 3% of our net interest income over the course of the next 12 months in response to a 200 basis points shock in rates up to a 5% limit. We are well within that limit but we are now feeling like we can operate more effectively within the limits that we have because of the range of funding flexibility that we have.  We had set ourselves up in a liability sensitive way before the beginning of the first quarter and that’s why we benefited from the change in the interest rate environment over the course of the first quarter and that sensitivity remains more or less as you saw it in the K.
Richard D. Fairbank:  Craig, with respect to traffic in the branches, I just want to make an overall observation first of all as I learned over time in shopping various branches there is a huge difference between one branch and the next one, in any bank really, in terms of the amount of activity that you observe in the bank branch and the biggest driver of that is whether it tends to be a commercially oriented or a consumer oriented bank.  General principle, the commercial oriented branches tend to have very low traffic. The consumer wants them to have high traffic. New York City has more of a lean on the commercial side. They tend to be less heavily frequented, so just keep that one in mind.  We’re actually struck that in our branches through this conversion even though we consciously pulled back marketing in the footprint to enable the conversion to happen, we actually have deposits up and attrition rates are actually lower than North Fork’s running rate, say, a year ago. And we’ve actually seen new consumer checking account openings in the branches increase about 20% since the brand change despite the fact we really have not stepped up marketing yet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company.
Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company:  On Page 14 you make the comment about the dividend that you expect $0.375 dividend to continue. Last quarter the commentary was that the dividend policy was stated as approximately 25% of net income after taxes. Has the policy changed or should we assume that it’s the same because that was a proxy for guidance?
Gary L. Perlin:  If you go back to actually last September when we tried to give people an indication of what dividend level to expect at the beginning of ‘08 after we finished our $3 billion share repurchase program, what we did was to give you a sense of a percent of expected net income, so you could size the dividend that we would be moving to in this new environment.  We also indicated that we expected that that dividend would be fixed at a dollar level and it was a pretty strong commitment on our part, which I think we have reiterated here. But I think you should believe and look at our dividend level as being $0.375 per quarter and obviously our Board will be reviewing that over time. But I think it’s best to think of it as a fixed dollar amount.
Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company:  So we can no longer necessarily relate that to the 25% payout ratio.
Gary L. Perlin:  That’s correct.
Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company:  How much AAA capacity, you said you issued $3 billion this quarter, how much AAA capacity do you have remaining from the already issued sub notes?
Gary L. Perlin:  Well, I think you really want to think about this in a couple of different ways, Rick, because to a large extent we can go pretty much through the second half of 2009 with the funding tools that we already have and that would mean staying out of the public markets by limiting our issuance into the conduit market, and utilizing the stockpile that we have.  We actually have not been issuing the subordinated tranches of late, although we had quite a lot stockpiled, certainly enough to take us through this year with AAA public issues. But, frankly, given where the levels are at, most credit card issuers are actually holding onto those subordinated tranches because they make a whole lot more sense getting funded with deposits than they do in the public market.  So I would tend to think of our funding capacity on an overall basis rather than just how much can be in AAA and how much in subordinated, and I would keep in your mind at least from this point forward pretty much through 2009, and we’ll update you every quarter.
Operator:  We’ll go next to Eric Wasserstrom - UBS.
Eric Wasserstrom - UBS:  Can you remind us how much goodwill you have on your balance sheet that relates to your auto acquisitions? Does the repositioning that you’ve undertaken and the lack of evident profitability for some period of time as you reposition creating a risk to that?  Rick, with respect to your comments about increasing the allowance based largely on the economic outlook, it was my understanding that regulators and auditors relied on some other change rather than an economic outlook but rather something in terms of roll rate or delinquency pipeline or something that would merit that change, can you just elaborate on that?
Gary L. Perlin:  The auto business carried just over $1.4 billion worth of goodwill as of December 31. You can find that in the 10-K. And I think you have to remember that in terms of future goodwill assessments, goodwill is a forward-looking view of the business.  And I believe what Rich has described in terms of how we’re managing our auto business is in response to where we are in the cycle, and it certainly does not necessarily tell us what the long-term profitability outlook for that business is. So we will monitor and assess the goodwill annually unless conditions suggest otherwise. But at this point it’s the $1.43 billion you saw in the 10-K. And, Eric, your other question was about whether or not the allowance was coming from the roll rate analysis or from the outlook. And clearly this is a point in time, and there are these times in various economic cycles where recent performance may or may not be as good a predictor of the future simply because we are in either uncharted territory in terms of economic conditions or we’re clearly on a trend that we seem to be on right now in terms of a deteriorating market. So when we take a look at the first six months of expected losses, particularly in the card business, obviously roll rate analysis is extremely helpful to grounding what that allowance estimate is because we can see what’s going on through the buckets. Obviously, there are some uncertainties around recoveries. There are some uncertainties around bankruptcies and so forth. But by and large we get a pretty good picture of the first six months. In terms of the months 7 to 12, obviously, we are talking about accounts that might go to charge-off in that time period, which today are current. And so there we have to rely a whole lot more on environmental factors which, as Rich described, with the steady decline in employment with some of the pressure continuing on housing prices, running that through our experience and our models and looking at the different geographies and so forth.  That’s a little bit more of an art but certainly is going to be more of an outlook-based view of losses than we have for the first six months. So we have to put together that roll rate based analysis for the first half of the year, more at the outlook for the second, and certainly right now it appears that caution is the watch word, particularly as we look out beyond six months.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus.
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus:  Along the same line on the credit outlook, can you talk at all about the differences between you talked last quarter about certain geographies showing weakness and that was if you back out of those geographies, everything looks fine.  What’s changed along that front? Are you seeing any change in the mortgage customers at this point? Any changes in the segments, prime versus super prime versus subprime.  I’m really focusing on the card business right now as well as vintages. Is it the ‘06 and ‘07 vintages that are performing worse? If you could just dimension your credit outlook and your credit performance versus those four metrics, geography, mortgage exposure, vintage and segment, that would be helpful.
Richard D. Fairbank:  Certainly until, through the middle of ‘07 the “normalization” that we were seeing in card charge-offs was very, very predominantly in the 25% of the country that we tend to call the HPA, boom/bust markets. Parenthetically most of the abnormalization that preceded it was also in those markets.  In midyear we saw this effect as we looked at delinquencies in roll rates, we saw an effect nationally, and I’ll come back to that in a second. But I do want to say that there still is a fairly sizeable delta between the boom/bust markets, in terms of all the credit metrics, versus the 75% rest of the country. But I do want to caution that I think that our metrics moved nationally more than the truly reflecting what was going on economically at the time because this was the impact of our pricing and fee policy changes that we put in around that time. So as a proxy for that effect though we also have looked at our other businesses and we see generally the same principles that it’s mostly been boom and bust a lot.  But I do want to say, Chris, across all of our consumer lending businesses we do see a national effect. There is just a fairly sizeable delta between the boom and bust markets and the rest of the country. The next question you asked was what about our mortgage customers who are highly delinquent. We gave out a statistics over the past year saying that pretty strikingly to us because we’d actually not looked at this statistic before. The percentage, if we look at all of our credit card customers who are 90 or more days delinquent on their mortgages, what is their status with respect to credit cards? And we found the striking finding that two-thirds of them were still current with respect to their credit cards.  Chris, our latest read of this hot off the presses is 66%. So this is pretty steady. Now a lot of people grabbed this and said, well, the payment hierarchies have really changed with respect to consumers. We have had a chance to go back for most of this decade and look at this number. And it’s actually been around the 60s, the low to higher part of the 60s for the whole decade.  So I think it shows less about a change in how consumers behave and maybe more in many ways, I think, what really happens when consumers bail out on their mortgage pretty much it’s a one variable model and it relates to the fact that it relates to the value of that home. So you asked about prime and super prime. Generally, prime and super prime are both going through the same effects as subprime. Subprime has had a bigger effect with respect to some of the fee changes, obviously because it’s a more fee intensive segment. On a percentage basis, actually, super prime has degraded more than the rest of the portfolio. But still we’re talking about off of a smaller base.  And vintages, in all of our businesses across Capital One, all of our consumer businesses, as a general statement, there has been recent vintages tend to perform worse. The last couple of years tend to perform worse relative to expectations than prior vintages. However, this effect has been relatively modest really in our credit card business.  So there is that effect, but when I look at the strategy changes we’re doing, the policy changes, there is tightening, but fundamentally the assumptions that we made going into this downturn and the way that we’ve done our underwriting is, I think, really being validated as we really go through it.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Bob Hughes - KBW.
Bob Hughes - KBW:  Relating to GreenPoint, Gary, if you could tell us what the level of the rapid warranty reserve was at quarter end. What the trends are you’re seeing there and why you felt the need to add such a significant amount to that reserve? And then what do you think the tail might be from discontinued operations?  And the second question relates to the changing segments. Previously, you suggested card losses in the first half of ‘08 would be in the mid-6s and I’m wondering if you could tell us without the change in reporting what that guidance might have looked like today.
Gary L. Perlin:  With respect to the first question on the rep and warranty reserve, the current balance after the build of $104 million in the quarter is $142 million. All of that, of course, shows up in discontinued operations and the significant build was really driven by both an increase in incidence of claims and severity.  So on the incidence side with the worsening credit environment buyers have been increasing the level of claims back to us. Most of those are now well past the early payment default period. And so those claims when received relate largely to underwriting or alleged incidence of fraud. And there was a significant increase in claims and, as a result, we felt it prudent to increase the size of the reserve. On the severity side, we’ve also had as most people have had an adjustment downward in the valuation of the loans that we actually have repurchased. We have approximately $113 million of repurchased loans held at the end of the quarter and putting a lower cost to market adjustments on that also flowed through into the reserve. In terms of the tail, Bob, it’s really hard to say because we are in uncharted territories in the mortgage space. Again, having discontinued our originations now last summer we effectively are past the early payment default stage at which the repurchase claims go through very quickly. We’re now to the point where claims will have to be reviewed on an individual case-by-case basis and we’re obviously making sure to do that work.  So certainly we believe we’ve got an adequate allowance at this point for the rep and warranty risk, but I can’t really speak to what might happen in terms of future incidence or severity other than saying that it will have to be past EPDs and, therefore, into claims of fraud or poor underwriting. As far as the new segments versus the old segments, Bob, again not to be too simplistic about it but we’ve given you quite a lot of history where you can compare the two. And the old segment guidance we had given you was charge-off rates probably in the mid-6s. I think if you translated that into the new card segment that would be more like the low-6s.  Hopefully we’ve given you all the information you need to be able to back out and figure out how to look at it. Going forward we think that given that installment loans and small business card and so forth really do behave so much like other unsecured credit given that they’re managed by many of the same people on many of the same platforms. We think over time you’ll find this to be more useful.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets:  Earlier you mentioned the downturn in the economy becoming more severe. Can you provide some color maybe where you were earlier in the year in terms of unemployment forecast or GDP forecast to where you are today to give a sense of how much degradation in the economy you’re expecting?
Gary L. Perlin:  Scott, I think it’s probably the question we get most often and that we are least able to answer is to absolutely correlate our performance to one specific metric as where it stands. I think the easiest way to think about it is a quarter ago as we were reporting fourth quarter earnings and building an allowance we had just seen really the first tick up in unemployment.  We had not yet seen job losses, which we have now seen for the last three months. We saw unemployment claims levels in the mid $300,000 range three months ago. We’re now obviously much more towards the $400,000 range. So I think what we’re trying to do is calibrate the degree of degradation in the economy and what that might mean.  And then, decide how much we might want to translate that into estimated losses into the future. So what we’re really trying to do is calibrate the degree of degradation to the degree of expected losses in the future. If I could absolutely tie those for you to a specific metric, I would, but unfortunately, that’s just beyond my capacity.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets:  On the stimulus package people are trying to quantify that as well. Do you expect any material impact on credit quality from stimulus package and I understand it is hard to quantify. Do you have any data from the last stimulus package, back it was in 2003?
Gary L. Perlin:  No. Scott, we have not, again, done a specific forecast on that but I think if you take a look at the consensus of what economists are saying. Take a look at various surveys; take a look at the web sites. I think we’re not going to have particular insight beyond that.  I think the general view, of course, is that the stimulus package was very much needed. The subsequent degradation in what we’re seeing in the economy suggests that the stimulus package, while it may help, will obviously not turn the trends around in and of themselves.
Richard D. Fairbank:  Scott, with respect to the macroeconomic assumptions, when we have looked historically at Capital One, as I often say, studying statistically two humps on a camel, for all of its limitations, there clearly is the strongest correlation is between unemployment and the credit statistics and consumer lending.  We of course have a situation right now where the employment relative to a lot of other things has still been relatively benign and there’s clearly worsening going on with respect to consumer lending metrics. We’re trying to be as quantitative and rigorous as we can so we’re not just pulling numbers out of the air. What has been very productive is to go back under the belief that each economy is different is to actually use this economy and try to model it as it unfolds. And as we do that and look at things like unemployment and HPA and every metric we can find differentially across the United States, obviously the one that really jumps out is the HPA effect.  So a strong thing that we have done in our own modeling is to look ahead at consensus expectations with respect to HPA by geographical area and try to use that as an important component of modeling, and then try to overlay some unemployment effects inherent in consensus views as we look at that. So as Gary said, it’s not science, it’s probably poor man’s art but it’s the best we have.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse:  Could you comment on your expect reserving throughout the year given that you added $300 million to the reserve in the quarter with a higher credit loss expectation. What would happen if that credit loss expectation were realized? And then, could you specifically talk a little bit about the auto reserve because I would assume with the drop in receivables throughout the year that some of that could be recovered?
Gary L. Perlin:  The simple answer on future level of allowance build and reserving is really going to be driven by how closely our estimates for the first six months really track to reality and then what’s happening on the economy will inform what we believe for the back six months of the 12-month period over which we need to reserve. So as Rich and I think have been trying to convey, we believe we’ve done as good a job as one can, to try and take into account existing credit data to build the model for the first six months.  And we’ve taken pretty much the current trend in the economy and roll that forward as to estimating the next six months, but we’re going to have to refresh that and obviously we will try and give you a sense of what dollars of charge-off really correspond to the allowance level we’re building.  Because frankly, your view could easily be as good as ours and we want to make sure that you’re able to benchmark whether or not our level of reserving is appropriate for the level of charge-offs you expect versus the level that we expect. But I think we believe that we’re appropriately allowed right now and as we see change in the economy we’ll obviously respond accordingly. And as far as the auto business goes, certainly if we continue to see a decline in the origination volume that will lead to a decline in the overall outstandings. And the level of outstandings is a critical piece to the calculation of the allowance and that would in and of itself, if there’s no degradation in the external environment or expected losses, that would lead to an allowance release over time.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse:  If charge-offs in the economy performed exactly as you currently anticipate, does that mean the reserve would be stable?
Gary L. Perlin:  Well, it would if at the time, let’s roll it forward, Moshe. Six months from now we were exactly right, the level of the allowance six months from now will depend on the outlook at that time for the next 12 months.  So again under normal circumstances it would be a lot easier for me to say, yes, we’ve got it right. Then we probably reserved right but as long as the economy is in a pretty clear downtrend until we know how low it goes and how long it lasts, it’s really going to be a refresh of the 12-month outlook in the future that does it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Steven Wharton – JP Morgan.
Steven Wharton – JP Morgan:  It strikes me as coincidental that you had, what, $250 million in net debt gain and in the Visa gain, pre-tax gains this quarter and then you increased your allowance by $310 and then I know you had that $100 million thing for GreenPoint.  And then you’re telling me that basically what’s cooking in the oven is basically in line with your plans but yet the macro environment is worse. So it seems like to me you use the gain to build the reserve, which I have no problems with, but maybe that’s a cynical view obviously.  But I’m just wondering, is there any way you can tell us what portion of your reserve is so unallocated so to speak, or like what portion of the reserve on a percentage basis would represent like macro uncertainty versus maybe what it was a quarter ago just to give me more color?
Gary L. Perlin:  Let me just really quickly for you, Steve, first of all respond to the last part of your question by saying that the level of our allowance that relates to “other factors” which is effectively things beyond what we see in our roll rates is about between 5% and 7.5% of the overall allowance.  So just to dimension that for you, let me just be clear and simple. The calculation of the allowance is based on the loss outlook, and if you will recall, when we told you what our allowance was at year-end we said that it assumed a 12-month forward loss outlook of about $5.9 billion and now that loss outlook is estimated at around $6.7 billion for the next 12 months.  Obviously that is a big swing. We adjust that for things like, how much of that is going to be in our securitized book versus our non-securitized book, and that’s how you end up with a precise allowance calculation, as I just described of this $310 million of allowance build. I will say, and I think Rich and I were both pretty forthcoming on the last call, that there was quite a lot of noise in our credit data through the fourth quarter of 2007 because of some of the impacts of the fee in pricing changes we made and I think we now feel like we’ve got a better view of exactly what’s happening, as a result of the economy as opposed to things that may be happening in our own portfolio. And so that allowed us to get to a pretty precise calculation of the allowance and that’s how we get there.  In terms of the some of the potential income offsets, the proceeds from the Visa IPO and the release of the legal reserve associated with it are what they are.  With respect to some of the benefits on the balance sheet management, I’m hoping that there is at least some loose negative correlation between what happens in credit as the economy worsens and our ability to generate more returns out of our balance sheet through the management of our interest rate exposure. Obviously, not a one-to-one correlation but I think that would not to me seem coincidental. They are both reflecting the same economic and interest rate environment.  So you’re seeing the best view of the future, as we can give it to you with as much visibility as we can provide.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs:  Can you clarify the operating expense guidance and specifically Visa alone drove a $230 million decline 4Q to 1Q, so is the guidance for $230 million of decline from Visa plus another $200 million decline from the expense space?
Gary L. Perlin:  First of all, what you need to remember is that of the $200 million benefit that we had from the Visa IPO, only about $90 million of that was a benefit to our operating expense line because that was the reverse of the legal reserve we had posted at the end of the fourth quarter. The balance of it, which was just the returns for the redemption of shares, showed up in non-interest income. So and yes, there was a flip from the fourth quarter to the first, which would be about $180 million. When we gave you the estimate of $200 million of OpEx reduction at the time of the fourth quarter call what we indicated was that we were baking into that the presumption that some of our collections and recoveries expenses would go up with the degrading credit environment and we thought that would eat up some of the “benefit” that would come from the reversal of this legal charge.  When you hear what we’re saying about our overall outlook for credit I think it would only be prudent to assume that some expenses will result in areas of collection and recovery, for example, to try and manage through that.  So the guidance is, what it says which is minimum of $200 million reduction in OpEx from 2007 to 2008 without making lots of adjustments. As we go through the year and we are able to put a finer point on that for you we certainly will.
Operator:  And that was our final question today.
Jeff Norris: Thanks to all of you for joining us on this conference call today. And thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. The Investor Relations staff will be here this evening to answer any questions you may have. Have a great evening.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations Richard Fairbank - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gary Perlin - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Bruce Harting - Lehman Brothers Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Steven Wharton - JP Morgan Meredith Whitney - Oppenheimer Rick Shane - Jefferies and Company Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Markets David Hochstim - Bear Stearns Brad Ball - Citi Bob Hughes - KBW
Operator: Good day, everyone. Welcome to the Capital One fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris, Managing Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you very much Cynthia, and welcome to everyone, to Capital One's fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the Internet. To access the call on the Internet, please log on to Capital One's website at capitalone.com and follow the links from there. In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our fourth quarter 2007 results. With me today is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer. Rich and Gary will walk you through this presentation. To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on "Investors" then click on "Quarterly Earnings Release." Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and materials speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on those factors, please see the section titled "Forward-looking Information" in the earnings release presentation and the "Risk Factors" section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. At this time I'll turn the call over to Mr. Fairbank. Rich?
Richard Fairbank - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff, and thanks to everyone for joining us on the call tonight. I'll begin by summarizing the results of the quarter on slide three. Capital One posted diluted earnings per share of $0.60 in the fourth quarter and $3.97 for the full year 2007. As you know, we announced our fourth quarter and full year 2007 earnings per share on January 10th. Today's earnings release adds more detailed financial tables for the company and for our business segment, but it's consistent with our announcement two weeks ago. Given the January 10th announcement and the opportunity we’ve had to engage with investors and analysts since then. Our presentation tonight will focus on key issues rather than our traditional walkthrough the company and segment financial results. We have included all the usual financial slides in an appendix for your convenience. But our discussion this evening will focus on the most important issues on investor's mind beginning with the credit and market environment. Simply put we are acting decisively and aggressively to manage the company for the benefit of shareholders in the face of cyclical economic headwind. In essence, we are managing the company today as it for recession we already here. We are pulling back on loan growth, focusing on our most resilient businesses, and closely managing credit with the insights and experience we have garnered in prior economic downturn. We are attacking cost and pushing for further operating efficiency gains. We are building revenues and focusing on achieving strong risk adjusted returns across our businesses and we are being disciplines towards the capital. We are maintaining our commitment to return excess capital to our shareholders, while at the same time building our capital position in today's economic and capital markets environment. And all our actions are designed to ensure that our business has achieved above hurdle returns on capital or have clear line of sight to doing so in the near future. Our fourth quarter and full year 2007 results reflect challenges we faced throughout the year as well as continuing uncertainty and challenges going into 2008. But we remain confident, that our strong balance sheet, resilient businesses and decisive actions were successfully help us navigate an economic downturn and the Capital One will be poised for a strong rebound on the other side of the cycle. I will discuss credit beginning on slide four, with the look at credit metrics in our national lending and local banking businesses. Because of our credit results and how we are responding are best understood by looking at each of our businesses. I will turn now to a discussion of credit performance and the actions we're taking to mange credit in each of our national lending businesses and then our local banking business. Slide 5, shows quarterly net income and credit results for our US Card business. Fourth quarter net income of $522 million was up strongly from the fourth quarter of 2006. As revenue growth and expense reductions more than offset increased charge-offs and allowances. Delinquencies and charge-offs increased on both a year-over-year and sequential quarter basis. Like others in the US Card business, our delinquency and charge-off increases resulted in part from the normalization of charge-offs following the unusually favorably credit environment in 2006 and from economic weakening, evidenced in recently released economic indicators. The sequential quarter increased also reflects expected seasonal pattern. Our rising credit metrics in 2007 were exacerbated by our significant pull back from the primer revolver's base throughout the year and by our pricing and fee moves in the second and third quarter. Both the prime pull back and the pricing in fee moves contributed to the increases in our credit metrics several months before the deterioration in economic indicators became apparent. But they also contributed to revenue margin expansion that helped our US Card business to post more than $2 billion in net income and returns on allocated capital in excess of 40% in 2007, even with significantly higher provision expense. Looking forward, we expect US Card revenue margins to decline from peak fourth quarter levels in the first quarter and to be in the high-teens throughout 2008. There are several reasons for the expected decline. In other words this is the fourth quarter that will be RP, can we expect the decline in 2008. We expect to assess fewer fees on customers as they continue to adjust to new pricing in fee policies. We're also making planed fee policy adjustments in the first quarter, such as a more generous and targeted fee waiver policy, which will reduce fee revenues somewhat. We expect the seasonal decline in purchase volumes and interchange fees. And we expect an increase in introductory rate assets in our card portfolio, as we pursue some opportunities we see in super prime revolver segment. We remain confident that strong revenue margins will help our US Card business to whether cyclical economic pressures. We expect the US Card managed charge-off rate to be in the mid-6% range in the first half of 2008, consistent with delinquencies throughout the latter half of 2007. Additionally, we expect the January monthly managed charge-off rate to be a bit higher, around 7%, as the initial impact of our move from 30-day to 25-day grace period last June, complete its move through six months of delinquency buckets to reach charge-off this month. While we're confident that our US Card business is well-positioned today, we're also taking action to further strengthen our resiliency and sustain our ability to deliver well above hurdle financial returns in the phase of cyclical credit challenges. We're applying lessons we've learned in prior cyclical downturns. For example, we specifically design product structures and tightly manage credit lines appropriate to each part of the credit risk spectrum, an approach that served us very well in the last downturn in the United States. We're maintaining a prudent and measured approach to underwriting and marketing. In 2008, we expect to little to no loan growth in US Card, and no change in the mix of our portfolio. We've ramped up collections capacity and intensity earlier in this cycle. We are taking the more opportunistic and flexible approach to charge-off debt sales as a recovery tool. And we are aggressively pursuing process and efficiency improvements leveraging the new infrastructure platform we implemented successfully in 2007. The choices we have made in our US Card business over the years, have always prioritize profit growth over loan growth, with the particular focus on ensuring resilience to credit cycle. Our choices in 2007 and now as we entered 2008 are consistent with this long standing approach. Slide six summarizes quarterly results in our auto finance business. Charge-offs and delinquencies in auto finance have followed expected seasonal patterns in 2007, but it continued to worsen from 2006 levels. Because we hold the vast majority of our auto loans on balance sheet, the deterioration in charge-off and delinquency also results a significant allowance build. The combination of rising charge-offs and allowance has driven overall 2007 auto finance results that are clearly unacceptable. In the fourth quarter we took decisive action to refocus and reposition the auto business for improved performance through cyclical credit challenges and return to better profitability and financial return. Our actions result in a significant growth pullback and a focus on loans with better credit characteristics across the risk spectrum. We have scaled back our dealer prime business by focusing on a much smaller network of dealers with whom we have deeper relationships and better credit and profitability performance. We focused on originating loans with better credit characteristics by tightening underwriting and steering our originations up market within both the subprime and prime parts of the market. In subprime, we have stopped originating loans to the riskiest sub-segments were essentially existing the riskiest 25% of subprime originations from the third quarter and earlier time period. In prime, we have almost completely exceeded the so called near prime space, which is resulted in dramatic improvement an average FICO scores in our prime originations. Today, the average FICO scores of our prime originations are 30 points better than prime originations from the fourth quarter of 2006, and 70 points better than prime originations from the fourth quarter of 2005. We will also able to increase pricing on fourth quarter originations as competitive supply decreased. Thus, while originations continue to grow in October and November, the loans we originated had both better credit profiles and higher pricing.
 : Overall, we expect to ramp down origination volumes with origination run rate down significantly by the second quarter of the year. This should result in a decline in auto loan balances in 2008 with further migration to higher quality loans within both prime and subprime. Lower loan balances will have several effects on the optics of our auto business. For example, declining loan balances will reduce the denominator for calculation of metrics like charge-off rate, delinquency rate, and operating expenses as percentage of loans. This will put upward pressure on these ratios making them appear more negative than the actual trends in charge-off, delinquency, and operating expense dollars. Declining loan balances may also have a meaningful substantive of benefit to the net income of our auto business, because most auto loans are held on balance sheet, lower loan balances means that all else being equal, we won't need to add as much to our allowance for loan losses. While auto finance results in 2007 are unacceptable, we believe that significantly reduced originations, a smaller portfolio with better credit characteristic, improved pricing and aggressive management of operating expense should combine to help our auto finance business achieve better financial returns in 2008. We will be monitoring our performance carefully and will be ready to adjust quickly inline with rapidly changing market conditions. Slide 7, summarizes the results of our global financial services business. Credit metrics and global financial services or GFS were up modestly in the fourth quarter. In the domestic GFS businesses, the credit performance and drivers are very similar to the US Card businesses that I just discussed. These results are muted by strong credit results in our Canadian credit card business as well as stable to modestly improving credit performance in our U.K. credit card business. Despite the more favorable credit performance outside the US, we remain cautious in our outlook for the U.K. and Canada, given the risk that US economic pressures could spread to other parts of the world. In the fourth quarter, GFS continued to deliver solid loan growth. Profits in the quarter were driven by a one-time gain on the sale of our Spanish credit card portfolio as we exited that business. Slide 8, shows quarterly results for our local banking business. Starting with credit, our local banking loan portfolio continues to perform well, though we've seen some charge-off increases from the third quarter. Just as in our national lending businesses, we're coming off a period of historically low losses, at 28 basis points, the level of losses in our local banking portfolio is well within our expectations, and continues to represent solid credit performance. The fourth quarter increase resulted mostly from modestly higher losses in our bank consumer real estate portfolio, though they remain very low. Losses were also up in unsecured lending in bank, primarily due to higher losses on consumer loans in Texas. We have adjusted our lending policy and pricing in Texas, but expect see some further increases there at that portfolio season. Our commercial portfolio continues to perform very well. We have also look closely our exposure to residential real estate and feel quite good about where we are. We are seeing some weakening in construction loans particularly in the New Jersey area. The New Jersey construction loans represent just 1% of our $27 billion commercial book. It should be notice that just under a third of our commercial real estate portfolio is a multifamily housing, which is historically performed exceptionally well through economic downturns. Finally, it's worth noting that our bank loan portfolio is concentrated in the New York area and in Louisiana and Texas, out side of the real trouble spot in the housing market. Overall, local banking delivered solid results and remains on track to complete our integration efforts later in the first quarter. Profits remained solid with the sequential decline driven by fourth quarter provision bills consistent with the credit trend I just discussed. Loans grew modestly and deposits were flat as compared to the prior quarter, margins were stable. Under the talented and experienced leadership team that is now fully in place our local banking business continued to delivered solid results and has poised for the final face of the successful integration. We are taking decisive actions across the company to manage through cyclical credit challenges and slide 9, summarizes these actions. We have pull back and continue to pull back on our lending programs. We have tightened underwriting across our businesses and we've selectively increased the pricing to build more resilience into our loan portfolios. Overall, we remain cautious on loan growth across our businesses, and we remain focused on the part of each of business that we believe to be the most resilient to economic stress. In contract, we expect to grow deposits both in the branches and through our direct-to-consumer and brokered deposit channels. Some of our most important actions levered the strength of our balance sheet and the transformation of our company that we completed with our bank acquisitions, which Gary will discuss in a moment. There is no doubt, that we like other banks will continue to face cyclical credit challenges in 2008. But we are well positioned for the challenges with resilient businesses, experience in managing through prior cyclical downturns, ample liquidity, funding flexibility, and strong capital position. We are not just well-positioned. We are actively managing the company to protect our franchise and to deliver shareholder returns over the cycle. Now I will turn the call over to Gary, who will pick-up on the theme of decisive actions, as they relate to our income statement and balance sheet. Gary?
Gary Perlin - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer: Thanks, Rich. Turning to slide ten, I will summarize the income statement and balance sheet actions we have taken and are taking to protect the franchise from economic downturn. On the income statement maintaining our high-revenue margins, while taking out costs will partially offset the higher levels of provision, a result from weakening economy. And the balance sheet, our diligence in maintaining high levels of liquidity coupled with enhanced funding flexibility provide us wherewithal to support the needs of our business to periods of economic weakness. Additionally, our high levels of return on tangible equity provide sufficient capacity to increase our capital base. Turning to page 11, I will discuss our revenue and expense trends. Our fourth quarter revenue margin rose 62 basis points versus the prior year quarter, principally due to the pullback in US Card prime and the pricing actions that Rich discussed a few minutes ago. Despite an expected decline in 2008 from our fourth quarter high point revenue margin should remain at very strong levels going forward. Our efficiency ratio has trended downward in recent years, as we've been aggressively streamlining operations and driving costs out of our business. As you can see, this improving trend continued in 2007, with the exception of the fourth quarter due to some one-time legal expenses. We remain on track to deliver the $700 million in cost savings anticipated in the restructuring program we launched just last year, and are accelerating our efforts to drive out costs in this tough economic environment. This is evidenced by the fact that we have already eliminated nearly 2,000 jobs, since our June 2007 announcement, not counting those associated with the shutdown of originations at GreenPoint Mortgage and canceled the substantial number of acquisitions for previously planned headcount growth.  As a result of actions we have taken and continue to take, we expect 2008 operating expenses to be at least $200 million lower than in 2007. This takes into account the fact that increases in collections and recovery expenses are likely to offset the effects of one-time legal expenses in the fourth quarter of 2007. We continue to target an efficiency ratio in the mid 40% range for 2008. The operating leverage demonstrated here will help to partially offset the higher levels of provision that result from a weakening economy. Turning to slide twelve, provision expense in the fourth quarter was approximately $1.9 billion, which includes $643 million of build in our allowance for reported loan losses. This build raises by 20% our coverage ratio of allowance, as a percent of reported loans, from 2.4% as of the end of the third quarter in '07 up to 2.9% as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2007. The resulting allowance, as a percent of 30-day plus delinquencies, is in excess of 100% for all of our unsecured consumer lending businesses just under 50% for our secured auto business and almost 300% of the GreenPoint mortgage originated consumer loans now help for investment in the other category. The allowance is driven by the loss outlook at yearend which reflects fourth quarter credit metrics and the recognition of the weakening trends in the US economy as we entered 2008. At yearend, our allowance for loan losses was $3 billion, which relates exclusively to loans reported on our balance sheet. This is consistent with an outlook for managed charge-offs including those in our securitize portfolios of approximate $5.9 billion for 2008. Now moving to slide 13, I will cover some highlights of our balance sheet strategy. You heard Rich mentioned several times tonight that our experience in managing through difficult environments in the past provides us confidence that we can do so again in this current market. This is especially true in terms of funding and liquidity, since in the past Capital One have to navigate difficult markets as a smaller lower rated company with more modest liquidity and a significantly greater reliance on the capital markets than we have today. One of our core tenants is maintaining the ability to fund our growth in refinancing needs in the wake of might major market dislocations. This has led us to build a substantial supply of committed or readily available liquidity in general in particularly for those assets which we typically fund in wholesale markets. At present, we have approximately $29 billion in total liquidity comprised of the $12 billion of cash and highly rated unencumbered marketable securities, $11 billion of undrawn but committed conduit capacity the vast majority of which is committed for three year terms and more than $6 billion of collateral that we can fetched to the Federal Home Loan Bank using current market advanced rates. Now because other banks are taking significant write-downs on their investment portfolios, I am often asked about ours. The securities portfolio has zero exposure to CDOs or SF's and includes only $40 million in subprime securities. The value of Capital One's Investment portfolio increased nearly $300 million in the second half of 2007 and now has a small unrealized gain. As the benefit from lower rates has exceeded the impact of wider spreads, keeping our modest credit sensitivity. Now beyond holding liquidity for general market conditions, we structured our balance sheet and legal entities to maximize flexibility and to address potential challenges in accessing particular funding markets. In line with this strategy, we recently moved Capital One Auto Finance previously a wholly owned finance company subsidiary of our holding company to become a direct operating subsidiary of our national bank. This move significantly expands the range of funding choices for our auto finance business and improves the holding company's liquidity profile. We fully expect to tap markets throughout 2008. Still, our substantial stock file of subordinated card securitization notes thinks that we could limit our issuance to AAA securities for over a year. Even if markets were totally closed, our term conduit capacity would allow us to cover maturities and planned growth without issuing public securities at all into 2009. Now, these are clearly extreme contingencies which we do not expect to materialize. But even in improving markets, our funding flexibility allows us to achieve favorable results by tapping the most attractive markets and market windows. Finally, with our expanding branch footprint in our direct banking channels, we would expect to increase our level of deposit funding overtime, especially when wholesale markets are relatively less attractive. Moving now to slide fourteen, we ended 2007 with a tangible common equity to tangible managed assets ratio of about 5.8%, within our target range of 5.5% to 6%. Given the current uncertainty in the economic and capital markets environment, we expect to manage our TCE ratio toward the high-end or possibly above our target range into 2008. Our business remains strongly capital generative. High margins, coupled with slower growth expectations, yield significant excess capital, even in times at elevated losses. We have modeled a variety of the economic scenarios, using our direct experience as well as overall industry performance in past recessions. We used these historical stress scenarios to simulate the potential impact of a weakening economy on our earnings and capital forecasts. We modeled both the percentage increase and consumer charge-offs, experienced in past recessions across product lines, as well as the shape and duration of these impacts to charge-offs by product. Against an even more stress scenario, one which also includes simultaneous increases in loss rates in our non-consumer businesses. A normalizing for the unusually low level of consumer charge-offs at which we began the current cycle, we expect our business to remain solidly profitable. Indeed, our portfolio would continue to generate sufficient excess capital to support our target TCE ratio, while allowing us to return an increased level of capital to shareholders. We have completed our $3 billion stock buyback program by purchasing $772 million in stock in the fourth quarter. We continue to expect our Board of Directors to declare a 2008 dividend of approximately 25% of expected 2008 earnings beginning with the dividend payable in February 2008. Even the increase in our TCE target for 2008, we will likely be foregoing stock buybacks for the next few quarters, as we further build our capital ratio through the internal generation of capital. Whether we resume buybacks in the second half of 2008 or into 2009 will depend substantially in how well or how poorly for that matter the US economy performs. As I have said before, our top priority uses of capital generation to support organic growth into pay dividends. Stock buybacks are secondary use of excess capital. It will be used to keep our capital base at an efficient level. Turning to slide 15, let me end by summarizing our outlook for 2008. Even the significant uncertainty in the US economy we are not providing EPS guidance for 2008. Instead, we will continue to provide guidance on key operating metrics and we will discuss our ongoing view of credit risk as the future unfolds. We believe this represents a more thoughtful way to discuss our business prospects with our investors. Specifically in 2008, we expect balance sheet growth in the low single-digits. While we remain cautious on loan growth we are bullish on deposit growth. Revenue growth should be in the low single-digits, is the positive margin trends in US Card moderate somewhat in 2008. And our efficiency ratio should be in the mid 40% with overall operating expenses coming in at least $200 million below their 2007 level. From a credit standpoint, we expect continued pressure if the economy continues to weaken. And as I mentioned a moment ago, we expect to hold a bit more capital this year for continuing our pattern of returning excess capital to share holders. In closing, I would like to remind you with my presentation at our annual investor conference just a few months ago, when I discussed our expected returns over the cycles. While returns in 2008 will likely be pressured by credit headwinds as the economy weakens. Once the economy begins to stabilize, we would expect the rate of growth and provision expense to mere that of loans. At that point, rising revenue, operating leverage, and ongoing capital by dividends and buybacks we deliver mid-to-high-teen's total return for shareholders assuming no PE multiple expansions. This in a nutshell, is the longer term value proposition we see for Capital One shareholders. With that, we will open it up for Q&A. Jeff?
Jeff Norris - Managing Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you, Gary. We'll now start our Q&A session. It occurs to see the other investors and analysts who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to one question plus a single follow-up question. If you have any follow-ups after the Q&A session, the Investor Relation staff will be available after the call. Cynthia, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions).We will take our first question from Bruce Harting with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Bruce Harting : Is the strategy on the dividend, just inform us so that when you actually have first quarterly numbers and then can you talk about the various impacts of the said years, and I imagined that the North Fork brand and balance sheet is probably the most sensitive and most likely to experience most rapid margin expansion and if you can quantify that perhaps Gary or some of the moving parts appreciated? Thanks.
Gary Perlin: Sure, Bruce I will be glad to take up both. The timing of the dividend announcement will be as normal for the dividend to be paid in February as soon as our board has met, and made that decision, it will be communicated to you. I do understand that because the board has indicated that their intent is to start the '08 dividend level at around 25% of estimated '08 earnings, pretty tempting they have kind of multiply that number by 4 to come up with guidance, which of course Rich and I aren't giving you on this call, and the reason of course is because the degree of uncertainty in the economy. So, I'm sure our board will be looking at the operating metrics, I've already shared with you, they will be looking at the uncertainties in the economy, and do recall that the board is not committed to a fixed payout ratio ex-post, but rather to use X and T some sort of sense of '08 outcomes is way of starting themselves on a dollar level of dividends that's consistent with our capital requirements and our commitment to deliver shareholder value. But I would simply suggest in advance of the Board's decision that you take a look at their dividend declaration and you treat that as a commitment rather than as a forecast. With respect to the action by the Fed, Bruce, yesterday and what might come forward, looking at our balance sheet, as a whole, we are mildly liability-sensitive, perhaps not as much as some, but we are liability-sensitive, so lower rates will be mildly beneficial to us. You won't see those results necessarily in the banking segment. You will see it at the top of the house because of the way in which we centralize the management of our net interest margin, but we should get some mild benefit at least depending on the amount of easing the Fed ultimately does. And then, of course to the extent lower interest rates would help to avert or perhaps soften the impact of a possible recession, we would certainly expect the benefit there from lower charge-off. So, whether we get the bigger benefit from our balance sheet or from the potentially positive impact on charge-offs kind of early to say, but certainly welcome move as far as we are concerned.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will take our next question from Bob Napoli with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Bob Napoli: Thank you. First question is on the credit trend at end of the quarter and then going in to we’re getting near the end of January, I mean it was a spike I think things that worse accelerating pace in December. What are you seeing or are you seeing that spike continue into January in each of your businesses or you seeing moderation or you seeing it differently and what do you think cause that sudden weakness at the end of the quarter?
Gary Perlin: Bob, it’s Gary, I’ll start with we’ve saw perhaps Richard want to talk a little bit about what we’re seeing now. Again what we saw in December was quite consistent with our expectation things that we had signal because of elevated delinquencies in flow rates for variety of reasons through the second half, but we certainly wanted to see those results come through in December before we were able to close the books and share the results that we did with you on January 10th. So nothing unexpected in those results, in fact they were quite consistent with our expectations.
Bob Napoli: In the month of January, the trends in January versus December?
Richard Fairbank:  Bob, we don’t have -- you maybe surprise to hear that, but the way it works in the business, we don’t have a great view mid month on the credit trends. We really, we like you really wait till the end of the month and look at the numbers. So but speaking the overall card business, when we're talking about, charge-offs going to around 7% in January. Certainly that is so to speak baking in the oven in a sense and that's pretty much charge-off math. And we're confident also of the sort of decline of that peak for the rest of the first half of the year.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will take our next question from Steven Wharton with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Wharton : Hi, Rich and Gary. I was just trying to get a better sense of where we are from a card charge-off perspective in relation to kind of your prior history in the economic outlook. I mean, we haven't really seen negative job growth yet and yet I think in the maybe the first quarter of 2003 you had card charge-offs of around 770. I know you had a lot more denominator growth back then, but you also had a lot more subprime and I think that was also consistent with the so called diabolical spike. For those I remember that (inaudible). So, I just wonder what you thought going forward from here, if job growth does turned decisively negative I guess what's the upper range of potential U.S. Card losses.
Richard Fairbank: Steve, let me make a comment about unemployment and credit, card credit, for example as we have talked about the reasonably strong relationship that exist, that we have seen in the prior two recessions with respect to this. If you look back to the last two recession, there was a key difference in that the early -- the 2001 recession was sort of an event base thing than led to sort of a rapid set of changes, whereas the 91 recessions was more probably similar to the one we have now, in a sense there's a rolling set of bad development out there. What we have found particularly, when we have looked back at the 90, 91 recession, interestingly the credit card metrics moved six months before the -- a lot of the government metrics, and particularly the unemployment metric. So, when we look back and track the hump from credit card delinquencies and then the hump from unemployment, the credit card preceded it by about six months and also, preceded it up and preceded it down. Now first of all, analyzing one or two humps on a camel is a little bit risky in terms of making any definitive statements. But I kind of felt as we were going through that recession, that I remember saying that, the government should be looking more at credit card metrics as one of the indicators that belatedly they come upon. So, I do believe that, gut feel Steve that, some of the worsening that maybe hasn't shown up in some of the unemployment metrics is already being reflected in the credit card performance that we see now. We also have some unique things related to mix and things like that are also in our numbers. That said, of course, it would be our expectation, that if unemployment worsen significantly that, that would still have a, from here, negative effect on our credit card metrics.
Jeff Norris:  Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Meredith Whitney with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Meredith Whitney : Good afternoon. I just have one quick question. For 2008, do you expect to be profitable in your auto division?
Gary Perlin:  Yes, Meredith, we are actually doing everything we can to make sure that we achieve the profitability we have been looking forward in that business by -- we are continuing to reduce our cost, as Rich said, we are going to be focused on the more profitable parts of that business and pulling back over the course of the year, in such a way that we can return to profitability, that's certainly our goal.
Meredith Whitney : To return to profitability by the end and just for modeling purposes, beginning…
Gary Perlin: For 2008?
Meredith Whitney : That's as far as go in terms of…
Gary Perlin: Well, again with the uncertainty in the credit and how these things play through and the seasonality of this business, I think it's easy to look at it for the whole year Meredith.
Richard Fairbank: Meredith, the other thing I want to say that's striking as we live both the credit card business and the auto business because auto is essentially all on balance sheet, the impact of changes in the credit outlook are much more dramatic in the vertical P&L of the auto business than they are in the credit card business and of course, we have 70% of our credit assets securitized and essentially off balance sheet.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rick Shane with Jefferies and Company. Please go ahead.
Rick Shane : Thanks guys, when you look at the sort of outlook for credit, I mean, you're very specific in terms of where you see US Card losses in the first half of the year, do you see that as the peak at this point, what's your view, should we expect in the back half of the year, its going to continue to rise or/and if you can sort of, layout sort of what the cases or whatever you think the outlook would be?
Richard Fairbank: First of all, we have specifically not given a credit forecast for the year and when you watch our experience in, given you some guidance associated with credit, you've seen that we ourselves have been challenged to stay up with some of the changes in the economy. Let me comment, though just as a general comment, there are seasonality benefits that play out over the course of the first half of the year that been reserved themselves in the second half of the year. So, in a typical year, you’ll see actually a higher charge-ff in the second half of the year than in the first half of the year. So, we talked a lot about how can we best help you all things through, you know the future credit environment, we don’t want to just say, well gosh, who knows how the economy is going to go. So, we don’t want to be in the forecasting business. What we’ve done is given you our view through the window that is much more reliable for us, which is the first, is the six months that are essentially cooking in the oven of our credit card business. It doesn’t mean that we can be absolutely precise with that, but generally we can be fairly close on that, outside of that what is cooking of course are bankruptcies and recoveries that are not actually part of that process, but generally we have pretty good reliability in the window for the first six months. Beyond that it really is going to be driven by the economy and I think your views on that are probably as good as our views on that.
Rick Shane : And Rich, that's a very fair answer and again I realized probably that's exactly why you gave first half guidance. In the lot of ways I think we are struggling with the issue that Steve brought up, which is simply, we are seeing this develop relatively rapidly and by your own admission, in ways that I don't think you certainly expected three or four months ago without arise unemployment. I mean what's your intuition here. I can't imagine that you think this will decouple from employment in the back half of the year?
Gary Perlin: My intuition I certainly believe that some of what we’re seeing is early read on economy worsening that maybe preceding metrics. I really do believe that is going on. I do think though we’re also seeing a really consumer lead worsening, which in some ways well certainly very different than the kind of sequential dynamics of what happened in the 91 recession. So, its funny thing here, we worry all the time every day we obsessed how bad could it get and the real answer nobody knows how bad this environment could get and nobody -- and we can't tell you how higher charges-off will peak. What really does give me confidence though is when we stress tested, we feel a tremendous amount of resilience and in many ways what’s really happening here is we get a chance to see the impact of choices we’ve made for really 20 years, which is essentially what business do we want to be in and what kind of structure do we want to have essentially of our balance sheet. And what I like, I will tell you what my intuition says, it's that the sort of the unsecured paradox. I think credit cards are in particularly good position. It's a bad place to be in general and consumer lending right now, but credit cards, the paradox have unsecured credit cards if they were underwritten solely and entirely on the basis of a customers willingness to repay and have a lot of flexibility and things like dynamic management of the portfolio as we watch our fixed secured loans and watch some of the collateral changing value and the much thinner margins and the absolutely nothing situation that you can do about them. And again reminded, if why we are attracted to credit cards in the first place, I think this is by a considerable margin, the best place to be in a challenged consumer space right now. And then, when I look across on the bank side. In addition to buying two banks that I think had very solid underwriting in their tradition, we also were fortunate that we got a good mix geographically relative to where we are right now. So, essentially, we all brace for bad time just like you do but I think, deep down within, there's a lot of confidence about the resilience that we have.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Chris Brendler : Hi, thanks, Good evening, I guess, on the gross outlook, you are flat or may be shrinking little bit on card, you're definitely shrinking on auto, didn't kind of bank was going to be growing so, that means, the largest growth has been coming from GFS, how comfortable are you with the credit trends you're seeing in the GFS business, particularly the domestic installment loans business and small business?
Richard Fairbank: Well, in some of our GFS businesses are benefited by macro trends where the underlying business itself is growing nicely. So, I will take -- take an example like small business card, I mean, just left to its own devices, it did inherently has a much higher growth rate for the very same credit choices that we make relative to the much more kind of material unsaturated regular old consumer card. So, I think, part of what is powering GFS is sort of inherent growth dynamics. And then, we overlay on that in the sense the same conservatism. So, I would say overall with respect to small business card, we are pretty much doing similar underwriting choices that we're doing on the consumer card business, is just that that you can still feel throughout just an underlying growth of the business itself. Our installment loans -- our installment loan business has been super prime business. So, it's good news is, it's got very high credit quality folks, the bad news is that it's a relatively thin margin business. So, that one we're watching very carefully and are going to be cautious on that, we have great success going on in Canada. Canada is the whole country right now is doing very well and even though as we mentioned earlier, we worry about thing spreading internationally. We certainly feel, we're in a strong position to enjoy some growth in Canada. But overall, the real message you should take away is, we are airing on the side of caution. So, and the one hand while we are confident of our resilience, I will give you a great example as our subprime card business, that continues to perform nicely, things are coming in consistent with projections as we look at the vintages. But just out of abundance of caution right now, we just do left than we other wise would do and I think that's a prudent thing to do here.
Chris Brendler : And just a follow-up, does that mean that you are not seeing the same level of deterioration in the installment loans business. And also, can you just give us a little more color on a separate question just, a little more color on the shut down or exiting the near prime auto business. And this is an acquisition that was made relatively recently and I am surprises to you to give up on it if that's -- in case if you are doing and what's the dynamics there that's causing that decision to exit the near prime auto business?
Gary Perlin: To comment upon installments loans, I think installment loans just as a general statement is, you are seeing the kind of trends that we're generally seeing in unsecured consumer credit. So and we're taking similar measures of caution there. In the near prime, auto space, this is a, I mean auto is a tough business. Anywhere we plan the auto space, it is a tough business. We've got quite a few scars on our back from some of the challenges in the auto business as you well know. I think one of the tough things in auto in a thin margin business, at a time when the economy is so challenged, it's really hard to do repositioning and changes of share in the business. So the subprime business, we feel very confident about that and that feels good. We have got a lot of heritage. You remember our second stage of evolution in the auto business was in super prime, and then the last part was to kind of fill in between and go into the middle and lower parts of prime. That has been a challenging transition and at a time when the economy is having so much challenge, and our results are so challenged, we just think the really wise thing to do at this point is to, in some sense retreat to the high ground, if you will, a very solid performing subprime business and the low risk and empirically high-performing parts of our very top-end of card. And the other part of this whole thing, I mean of auto, excuse me. The other striking thing is we've analyzed dealer relationships, is a very big difference in the profitability between our established long time and deep dealer relationships as opposed to the, occasional flow that we get from a lot of other. And so, part of this in a sense move to high ground, is to move to a high ground in terms of the credit spectrum, to move to high ground, in terms of the dealers that really over, with a lot of debate on this thing. We really understand that we are not getting adversely selected and half of that high ground, I think, that we are going to be in the best position to whether the current economic storm and still be position to have a strong business on the other side of that.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will take our next question come from Scott Valentin with FBR Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Valentin: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. Regards the ABS market, maybe you can talk a little about the depth of liquidity you are seeing in credit card and auto ABS and also given the more stable deposit funding you have now, maybe discuss a comparison between the return equity you can generate from keeping assets on balance sheet versus securitizing.
Gary Perlin: First Scott, just in terms of ABS, obviously, we have to look at both, credit card and auto. The market for credit ABS, obviously has been stronger and more resilient in terms of the level of activity in the depth of that market than the auto. Obviously, spreads have widened out, pretty much across the board, but given the margins in that business, it certainly doesn’t jeopardize the economics of that business. We are in the market considerably in the fourth quarter, doing things all the way from AAA down to BBB, well over $1 billion dollars and we did two auto transactions in the fourth quarter, one prime and non-prime. I think that market is certainly more attentive now. Although we have seen some of our competitors come to market there. We are currently, certainly, in dialogue with investors. We have now chosen to bring an issue to market yet in the first couple of weeks of the year. We wanted to see how things moved around, little bit get things get settled out. We are certainly seeing some of enquires and again we are intend on using the flexibility we build to try and make sure that we access the market on the best terms at the right time. And I expect you will be seeing us pretty active certainly on the card side over the course of the year. In terms of Auto, again with the movement of the Auto Finance business into our bank, we certainly have choices to had fund it whether with deposits or with Auto ABS. Remember that both are on balance sheet, regardless of whether we securitize or not. Spreads are certainly more attractive, if we fund it with deposits right now, and so are you going to see a certainly a better return characteristic in a current market if we fund it with deposits and again there is no change in the capital we allocate to the business and it is on balance sheet regardless. So again, we are quite confident that these markets will ultimately sort themselves out and we are certainly pleased that we've brought ourselves the time to be able to make sure that we don't push them any faster than we think they are ready to.
Jeff Norris: Next question please.
Operator:  We will take our next question from David Hochstim with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
David Hochstim : Thanks, follow-up to Chris question about auto. Is there anything else you have learned about problems create besides that adverse selection from the dealer if there are some common characteristics of bars that we ended up with or kinds of a vehicles or geography? And then, I had a follow-up.
Richard Fairbank: David, basically in prime and near-prime, so keeping aside the very top part and subprime. I think generally our challenge was adverse selection and the challenges of competing and building up long enough credit histories. And also transitioning judgmental models that clearly were not extensible into the classic Capital One risk based model. So that was particularly in sort of near-prime that was a challenge. If I would have comment in general there has been some industry risk expansion in the auto space and one of the worries that we've always had -- one of the bad things that sort of can happen to is an overly good credit environment such as we had in 2006. In some sense all the industries are paying the consequences of in a sense some over confidence and what we saw and I think we mentioned several times over the course of last year. There has been some risk expansion pretty much crossed the boards in the auto space and it becomes a little bit the table stacks for playing its hard to say well, people structure products that way we won't offer them that way and then there is a sense nobody comes now that is the main you just go out and do it everybody else does. But the good thing that its happening now is that practices and pricing is becoming and product structures are becoming more sensible and this is basically positioning this industry to be healthy on the other side of the other big inside David in the auto space is the housing markets correction market which is basically 25% of the country and 25% of our portfolio has certainly taken it on the chin the most.
David Hochstim : Okay. And then I wonder and guys could you talk about any difference you’re seeing in terms of behavior in spending or credit between customers that have rewards products and the customers have done, how much of the card base by the end of the fourth quarter on rewards products?
Richard Fairbank: David, I don't have an answer to your questions specifically about rewards versus non-rewards customers.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brad Ball with Citi. Please go ahead.
Brad Ball : Thanks. I'm wonder if you could comment on your deposit growth outlook, where do you expect those deposits to come from are you currently employing a campaign of higher pricing in certain markets, will you be doing more wholesale deposit growth, will come to the branches, etcetera? Also a follow-up on Steve’s original question on US Card credit. If you look at the net charge-offs in US Cards right after the one or two recession, I think the peak was around 7.7% that was a time when your mix was much higher subprime. I think you've had 39%, subprime in the middle of 2002. So I just wonder if the different mix that you have today would lead to expect the net charge-offs peak to be below that 7.7% range or there other factors to consider? Thanks.
Gary Perlin:  Brad, let me take the first question and again we are bullish on deposits, although I think its important to remind you that this is the quarter in which we will be completing the important conversion of our deposit system at the end of this quarter and certainly we’ve been so focused on making sure we get a good square footed integration and make sure that our customers see a very seamless integration that we have been sort of calibrating the timing of our rollout some of our brand work as well as some of our product policies and strategies to make sure that we are able to deliver flawlessly. So, I think you will see a little more of that after the first quarter. Certainly, I'd also recognize that with a very rapid change in market condition, with the Fed easing very dramatically. We have had some products rolling out and some of our competitors have as well. And I think this is the time that people are watching each other to see, whether or not we're going to see the sort of continued normalization of the livewire market and what that’s going to mean for demand for deposits, whether banks will use this opportunity as we would intend to try to move down with the Fed and gets some better execution in terms of deposits. We have got again a couple of dozen branches being built this year. We’re continuing to have good progress in our direct bank as well as our branches. So, I think that something that we believe in the current environment is going to be beneficial to us. It’s a little early to put numbers on it, but as soon as the integration is complete, I think you can expect our bank team will be going full-bore and what should be a pretty good environment to try and take advantage across all of the channels both in the branches and direct.
Richard Fairbank: Okay. And let me comment about the question of, if you look back, to just kind of summarize and if we look back to the O1, O2 recession, our credit card charge-offs were in a zip code not too different from where we're saying that there are going to be in January for example. And so the question being, but didn’t hear more subprime there and, shouldn’t that have been lot higher back then. The big difference, if you look at those numbers is the rate of growth of our assets. So, essentially there is quite, the peak was a lot higher in '02, excuse me, '03. The '02, '03 time period than now if you adjust for growth, because we're basically in an environment of essentially shrinking our portfolio today, and in an environment of very rapid growth back then. David, last time you asked a question, when I said, well, I'm not really sure on the transactors versus kind of thinking transactors versus result revolvers. Let me actually kind of grab your question, now I make a point that I think it's an interesting one. As we look across our portfolio and things like super-prime and subprime and different parts of the portfolio and see how they are moving right now and the trends that we see over the course of the year. Interestingly, in terms of percentage worsening, it's really similar, and of course super-prime comes off of the lower base than subprime for example. But that is definitely what we see and what we expect over the course of the coming year.
Jeff Norris: Next question, please.
Operator: And we will take our final question from Bob Hughes with KBW. Please go ahead.
Bob Hughes : Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Two questions, the first one, previously, I believe your guidance for '08, laid out late summer or early fall was for managed revenue growth to maybe slightly exceed managed loan growth. I'm curious what has changed between then and now?
Gary Perlin:  I think it's pretty simple explanation, Bob, you saw a significant increase in the revenue margin through the course of 2007. So, I think that was a faster rate of revenue growth than we might have anticipated. So, we're just starting from the higher base, and as Rich indicated there are couple of things that would cause the fourth quarter of '07 to be kind of at the peak, and will come down a bit. Although, it's still at very high levels, but when you compare year-to-year, we thought it more prudent not to assume another repeat of the third and fourth quarter of 2007 in terms of the rate of growth.
Bob Hughes : Okay. And is that in part also driven by increased fee waivers et cetera and what's driving the decision to do that?
Gary Perlin: There is a couple of parts to this, the most important is the somewhat mechanical one Bob, which is that included in revenue is fees and as the estimate of losses goes up and certainly we have a higher loss outlook today than we did back in September that is going to affect the expected collect ability of those fees and those changes move in fact show up as reduction in revenue. So again, there is a connection between credit and revenues that is very important for us to anticipate. And again, I think, keeping revenue growth in line with deposit growth is certainly our objective we thought it, we might have a slightly higher revenue growth at the time but there is still pretty much in line on an average basis over the course of the next year.
Richard Fairbank: Bob, let me just also if I could just pile on here for a second. You noticed this sort of revenue changes that we made in our Card business have been a rolling set of changes that really started in the second quarter. There were some in the third quarter, there was some in the fourth quarter and there some affect in the first quarter as well. It's all part of an overall plan but the timing of things have been different part of what's going on in our repricing is a bit of restructuring of how and where revenue we get revenues from our customers. One of that things that we use to find when we did customer research is people thought we had a knowingly the most regency waiver policy is out there and sometimes people care as much about buying gosh, I didn't get that waiver as much, waived as much as sort of overall pricing and other things. So, what we have done and it just hasn't all happened with the same timing, has done some restructuring of where revenue is increased and where relief is provided both at what stage in the process relief is provided and also to which customers relief is provided. Because there is a lot of sort of targeted revenue benefits that we also have through this plan that we are putting in place. The reason for the last of couple of quarters that have been kind of escalating my caution to investors don't get too carried away with the revenue benefits because an integrated plan was being ruled out over the course of actually fourth quarters.
Bob Hughes : Okay. In the follow-up Rich, I know there has been lot of discussion about credit trends, particularly in auto and specifically within the high HPA markets. Can you talk a little bit about how the credit card experience looks in those markets, is it similar or is it somehow differentiated?
Richard Fairbank:  The credit card experience is very similar to what we're seeing in auto. So, the only difference that I would say about, what we observed in credit card versus elsewhere is there are certain things that are happening in credit card that related to choices that we've made. Both things on the definitionally, things like modest exchange and some of the reprising, in fact those things can definitionally don't have a geographical component to it, but when we isolate for those this is very much across all our consumer lending businesses, we see this sort of, if you will the kind of HPA effect that is commonly seen. But I do want to say also those that this is not an issue, where our customers with mortgages are having unique problems because actually we find renters and home owners tend to be following very similar patterns its just that renters and home owners in all of our consumer lending businesses renters and home owners together in the challenged housing price market are degrading in parallel and together.
Jeff Norris: Okay, Cynthia, since there are no more questions. We will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to thank you all for joining us on this conference call today and thank you for you interest in Capital One. Investor relations staff will be here this evening to answer any more questions you may have. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this will conclude today's Capital One fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. We thank you for your participation. And you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Norris - VP of IR Gary Perlin - CFO and PrincipalAccounting Officer Richard Fairbank - Chairman andCEO
Analysts: Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley Chris Brendler - Stifel Stephen Wharton - JP Morgan Scott Valentin- FBR Capital Market Greg Regan - Cedar Hill Capital Rick Shane - Jefferies &Company Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse Bob Hughes - KBW
Operator: Welcome to the Capital One ThirdQuarter 2007 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent anybackground noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be aquestion-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn theconference over to Mr. Jeff Norris Vice President of Investor Relations. Pleasego ahead.
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Sharvon andwelcome everyone to Capital One's third quarter 2007 earnings conference call.As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access the webcastplease log on to Capital One's website at www.capitalone.com and follow thelinks from there. In addition to the press releaseand financials we have included a presentation summarizing our third quarter2007 results. With me today is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman andChief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief FinancialOfficer and Principal Accounting Officer will walk you through thispresentation. To access a copy of the presentationand the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on"Investors" then click on "Quarterly Earnings Release." Please note that thispresentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regardingCapital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statementscontained in today's discussion and the materials, speak only as of theparticular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does notundertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whetheras a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Numerous factors could cause ouractual results to differ materially from those described in forward-lookingstatements. For more information on these factors, please see the sectiontitled "forward-looking information" in the earnings releasepresentation and the risk factor section in our annual and quarterly reportsaccessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC. At this time, I'll turn the callover to Perlin. Gary?
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff and good afternooneveryone. Let's jump straight into the highlights of the quarter on slide 3 ofthe presentation. Capital One posted a loss of$0.21 per share in the third quarter of 2007 comprised of a profit of $2.09 pershare from continuing operations offset by a loss of $2.30 per share associatedwith the shutdown of GreenPoint Mortgage. More on the shutdown and how itimpacted our financials in a moment. EPS from continuing operations in thequarter grew smartly from the second quarter of 2007 and the third quarter of2006 reflecting significant revenue growth offset in part by higher provisionexpense. Rich and I will focus on each of these important trends in greaterdetail throughout the call. Moving on with the third quarter highlights. We executed on$480 million of open market share repurchases. In addition, our $1.5 billionaccelerated share repurchase or ASR program was completed in August. Althoughyou recall that the ASR program reduced our share count by about $20 millionshares, as of April 2nd, when that program was launched. We are on track to meet our objectives of completing $3billion in share buybacks originally projected by mid 2008 by the end of thiscalendar year. This means, we will target about $770 million of repurchases inthe fourth quarter. The third quarter of 2007 was the first full quarter forour cost restructuring initiative. Although, it is early days, we are gaininggood traction and feel confident that the benefits will be realized as plannedthrough 2009 more details on this in a moment. Finally, despite the very difficult capital marketconditions, we all experienced in the third quarter, Capital One has executednearly $4 billion in funding transactions across the variety of asset classes,two-thirds of which was asset-backed funding and the balance was long-termunsecured funding for the holding company. For 2007, we continue to expectdiluted earnings per share of approximately $5. Moving on to slide four, let’s take a look at how theshutdown of GreenPoint impacted our results in the quarter. When we announcedthe shutdown of GreenPoint operations on August 20, we estimated the associatedcharges would total $860 million after tax. As we move towards completion ofthe shutdown and final disposition of loans, we now expect the total chargeswill be slightly higher than that or just over $900 million. The vast majorityof which was recorded in the third quarter. You can see this in the box atthe top of slide four along with the results from GreenPoint operations in thequarter. The modest operating loss of $15 million combined with $883 million incharges resulted in a total loss from discontinued operations of $898 million. There are two notable variancesin current estimated charges as compared with the estimates we have made andshared with you on August 20. The higher than expected level of charges relatedto evaluation adjustments partially offset by lower than expected restructuringcharges associated with our exit from origination business. Evaluation adjustments include a$74 million allowance billed related to the $680 million in loans held forinvestment in the GreenPoint our Mortgage Banking segment. The HELOC loans weretransferred from held for sale during the second quarter of 2007 and weanticipated this allowance billed as a component of our estimated charges onAugust 20. The balance evaluationadjustments represent lower of cost or market marks on loans committed are soldsubsequently or move to HFI. The bulk of GreenPoint's loan warehouse inpipeline was subject to forward sales commitment or flow agreements, when weannounced the shutdown and we valued accordingly at that time. However, certainlong-term buyers backed away from their bids, which caused us pre-market asubstantial portion of those loans. Lower gain on sale marginscontributed to the loss from operations. All downward evaluation adjustmentswere required on loans to be sold or move to HFI. The lower box on slide 4provides details on the disposition of GreenPoint's HFS loans. I don’t walk youthrough all the data, but would highlight that $3.7 billion in HFS loans about$1.3 billion were sold by the end of the third quarter. We had firm commitments to salean additional $1.2 billion in loans, as of September 30 more than half of whichhave already settled in October. We chose to hope for investment about $1billion in loans, the characteristics of which are detailed for you on theslide. Having marked those loans, we believe they will produceattractive risk adjusted returns. After disposing of the bulk of GreenPoint HFSloans, we are left with approximately $151 million of repurchase and otherloans in the warehouse, which we intend to sell. These loans are being carriedin an average of 55% a part. Lastly, we retain risk for further repurchases of soldloans, but which we are currently carrying a rep and warranty reserve of $146million related to this exposure. We are in the final stages of shutting downvarious GreenPoint facilities and except to terminate the last leases by early2008. A GreenPoint team continues to manage the originationshutdown process with the same professionalism that characterize the way inwhich they ran the business for so many years, impacted employees have beennotified and are receiving severance benefits. Moving forward GreenPoint’s mortgage servicing operations,and the $1.7 billion of the HFI loans held in our former mortgage banking subsegment will be included in our local banking segment in the fourth quarter. Let’s now move to slide 5. Improving operating efficiency isnot a new area of focus for Capital One. We formerly launched a significantenterprise wide cost initiative in June, as we completed a number of importantimprovements to our operating infrastructure. We remain on track for realizinggross cost savings of $700 million by 2009 and recognized $15 million of runrate savings in the third quarter. We continue to expect the reported level of operatingexpense to fall in 2008 by $100 to $200 million. We also continue to expectoverall program charges of around $300 million towards slightly less. However,our expectations for restructuring charges to be incurred in 2007 have beenreduced from $200 million to about $150 million. Realized and expected charges andsavings related to GreenPoint Mortgage are now captured in discontinuedoperations. As a result they are no longer accounted for in our costinitiative. Still we remain committed to the targets for charges and grosscosts savings in the broader program and we will continue to update you on ourprogress. As we turn to slide 6, pleasekeep in mind that year-over-year comparisons on the balance sheet and incomestatement are affected by the acquisition of North Forkon December 1, 2006. For that reason we have noted changes on a linked quarterbasis. Let’s start with the balancesheet. Total deposits in quarter end decreased by about $2 billion on thelinked quarter basis, the largest driver of the decline was the intended runoffof high cost brokered and public fund deposits. During the quarter we executedseven wholesale funding transactions nearly $4 billion of funding, despitedifficult capital market conditions. We took advantage of our diverse and stockfiled funding options to sit on the sidelines during the period of highestuncertainty in the capital market and executed our transaction, when we sawattractive opportunities to do so. Managed loans held for investmentincreased on a linked quarter basis largely driven by loan growth in our GFS sub-segment.Looking forward we expect low-to-mid single digit loan and deposit growth in2008. Our tangible common ratio atSeptember 30 was 6.17% slightly above our 5.5% to 6% target range. As Iindicated we expected to repurchase about $770 million and shares during thefourth quarter of ’07. We have also indicated that we expect to increase ourdividend beginning in the first quarter of 2008 through a fixed dollar amountof approximately 25% of expected 2008 earnings. Beyond that, we expect toreturn the balance of our excess capital generated in 2008 through continuingshare repurchases. Finally, revenue and net interest margins both expanded inthe quarter. Margins were relatively stable in the bank, while our U.S. Cardsub-segment experienced significant margin expansion. Rich will walk throughmargins and our sub segments in a moment. Turn now to the next slide for a quick look at the thirdquarter income statement. Allow me to focus on just a few highlights. First,revenue from continuing operations is up on a linked quarter basis drivenprimarily by revenue margin expansion in our U.S. Card sub segment that Richwill discuss more about in a moment. Looking forward, we expect 2008 revenue growth will be inline or just slightly higher than asset growth of low to mid single digit.Operating expense declined in the third quarter by $35 million driven bycontinued efficiency gains across our businesses. Operating expenses includepretax expenses of $30 million related to bank integration and $52 million ofCDI amortization. Looking forward, we expect our operating efficiency ratioincluding marketing, but excluding restructuring charges to be in the mid 40sfor the full year 2008. Provision expense was up quarter-over-quarter andyear-over-year as charge-offs rose. And as delinquency experience cause us toanticipate higher charge-offs over the next 12 months particularly in our U.S.Card and Auto Finance sub segments. The increase in provision included an allowance build of$124 million. This build represents an increase to the allowance of about $200million for our national leading businesses partially offset by a $68 millionreduction in the banking segment, which itself was driven by $91 millionreduction due to the alignment of allowance methodology across our localbanking franchise. Please not that the provisionexpense does not include $74 million allowance billed related to HFI mortgageloans I discussed earlier. Those loans and the associated allowance arecurrently held in discontinued operations, although both will move to the localbanking segment beginning in the fourth quarter. With that I turn the call over toRich.
Richard Fairbank: Thanks, Gary. I'll begin on slide 8, with a look atoverall credit trends. Now local banking segment lossesremain stable and low at 19 basis points for the quarter. Non-performing loansas a percentage of loans held for investment increased eight basis points. Charge-offs in our nationallending segment increased 49 basis points driven by credit performance in ourUS Card and Auto Finance sub-segment. Delinquency in nation lending rose to4.7% in the third quarter from 3.89% in the prior quarter. I will describe thereasons for these changes in the context of our operating segments in just amoment. Based on year-to-date trends, weare currently expecting charge-offs in the fourth quarter of 2007 to about $1.2billion. In 2008 we expect charge-offs of approximately $4.9 billion this wasrepresents an increase of approximately $800 million over 2007. Our $4.9 billion estimate for2008 charge-offs include a full year effect of the credit normalization we havebeen experiencing throughout 2007. It also reflects the delinquency trends wehave witnessed in recent months, but does not speculate on future trend. Inthis slide, it is worth remembering that we are not estimating total provisionexpense, which would require that we speculate on the level of allowance thatwe might need to build in 2008 based on expected losses well into 2009. Our actual charge-offs experienced in 2008 could varysignificantly from the current estimates, given current uncertainties and theoutlook for the credit markets and the broader economy. Here we think it'shelpful to quantify our current view given what we have experienced thus farand to update you regularly on changes to our outlook, as we see how thingsplay out. One way we will help provide insight is to publish managedcredit metrics for our major businesses on a monthly basis. We will beginproviding that data in November 2007 for this month results. Slide 9 is an overview of our National Lending and LocalBanking business segment. On a year-over-year basis sustained profitability inour U.S. Card, Global Financial Services and Local Banking businesses more thanoffset the declines in Auto Finance. You will note some continuing themesacross our businesses in the third quarter. Loan and deposit growth remains modest, while revenue growthand revenue margins are strong. Credit losses and delinquencies across ourNational Lending businesses have risen largely, as a result of continuingnormalization and expected seasonality. In the third quarter, we have also observed some businessspecific credit trends that I will discuss in a moment and our focused cost andefficiency moves continue to payoff resulting in improving operating leverageacross our businesses. I will discuss our U.S. Card business on slide 10. Onceagain, U.S. Card delivered solid year-over-year net income growth, as increasein credit cost were more than offset by strong revenue growth and expensereductions. But looking beyond the third quarter results for a moment,our US Card business has been and continues to be and important source ofstrength, as we have anticipated and met company wide challenges throughout theyear. Most of the third quarter resultsin US Card are eroded in a set of carefully chosen moves we’ve been makingthroughout the year as we have anticipated these near term challenges. Weselectively move to enhance revenue and anticipation of credit normalization. We’ve stayed focused onsub-segments of the market with the best risk adjusted returns and the mostresilient through economic cycles. We maintained pricing in credit linediscipline, balanced with our continuing commitments for long-term customervalue. And we’ve leveraged our new operating platform and infrastructure tostreamline process and increase our operating efficiency. Collectively, this set of moveshas driven the trends in revenues, loans, credit metrics and operating efficiency.Managed loans declined 3% from the third quarter of 2006 to just under $50billion. As we have discussed for several quarters, we’ve chosen to avoid partsof the market like prime revolvers, which are dominated by very long teaserpricing, high credit line and high asset turnover. We believe this combination offactors hinders the building of the long-term customer franchise and result ina portfolio of loans that is less resilient to economic cycles. We have mostlythen on the sidelines in the sub-segments for several quarters. In the thirdquarter we chose to reduce our investment in teaser led marketing to primerevolvers even further. As a result we’ve seen a significant decline in lowmargin, high balance prime revolvers assets. We continue to focus on productand marketing strategies with the most attractive risk adjusted returns andresilience. These include transactor products for prime and super primecustomers and attractively price revolver products across the risk factor thatdo not rely on aggressive penalty repricing in order to achieve profitability. Our marketing investments haveresulted in solid growth in parts of the market that do not generate bigbalances, but in our assessment they have the best potential for prudent growthand profitability in the long run. The net effect of our marketingchoices has been modest shrinkage in overall managed loans and shift towardhigher margin businesses. While we expect seasonal loan growth in the fourthquarter, we expect to end the year with lower loan balances than at end 2006. Purchase volumes were essentiallyflat to the prior year quarter. The deceleration in purchase volume growthresulted from slower retail sales trends, our exit from two transactor focusedretail partnerships earlier in the year and the decline in prime revolver loanI just mentioned. We expect to return to modest growth in purchase volume inthe fourth quarter. We continued to generate strongrevenue in the third quarter, as we’ve played catch-up and relieved the pent-updemand for customary account management moves that is previously have beensuppressed due to the conversion of our card billing system. For example following the TSYSconversion, we cleared the sizable backlog of account, where the funding had expiredafter several years and was needed to repriced to market rate. We alsoimplemented selected [C policy] changes following the conversion to bring ourpolicy nearer to or inline with the industry. For example the industrytypically has a 20-day grace period and we moved our grace period from 30 daysto 25 days. Collectively, these movesaccounted for the bulk of our revenue growth in the quarter. The revenue marginexpansion we experienced in 2007 as mostly run its course. While we expect thatrevenue will grow in 2008 largely due to the full year impact of the revenuemoves we have made this year. Our revenue margin is likely to moderate somewhat. Webelieve that the significant revenue benefits we are currently experiencingwill be partially offset by somewhat higher attrition and charge-offs in thecoming quarter. Raising prices generally causes increased attrition, which thencreates some adverse selection. Additionally, raising prices can cause an acceleration indelinquency [bill] rates followed by subsequent raises in charge-offs. Weexpect these effects to be more than compensated followed by the significantrevenue benefits of these pricing changes. Charge-offs increase on both ayear-over-year and linked quarter basis. Continuing charge-off normalizationand the mix effects of our decline in prime revolver loans drove theyear-over-year increase. The sequential quarter increase resulted from the samefactors plus the fact that our June implementation of 25-day grace period,depressed second quarter charge-offs by 31 basis points. Delinquencies rosemore sharply then charge-offs increasing 105 basis points from the sequentialquarter. While these numbers might suggest pressure on credit quality most ofthe increase is explained by factors that don’t indicate any fundamentaldeterioration. Normal seasonality drove about 35 basis points of the increase. Another 35 basis points resulted from the 25-day graceimplementation, which had two effects. The change in grace period suppresseddelinquencies in the second quarter and created a onetime increase indelinquencies. Another 15 basis points resulted from the mix effects of ourdecline in prime revolver balances. The remaining 20 basis points includes theearly effects of credit worsening associated with and pricing policy changes, Ijust discussed as well as other economic factors. These delinquency trends are largely consistent with theexpected rise in card charge-offs in the fourth quarter, which we have beensignaling for sometime. We expect that the recent increase in delinquency isassociated with both the 25-day grace implementation and the fee and pricingpolicy changes will roll through the delinquency buckets to charge-offs in thefirst quarter of 2008. We expect that this result in about $175,000 million ofextra charge-offs in the first quarter. This amount is included in the expected2008 total company charge-offs of $4.9 billion that I mentioned earlier. Wecontinue to expect rising charge-offs for the balance of the year. Perilously, wehad indicated our expectation for fourth quarter charge-offs were about 5%. Given further declines in prime evolver loans and currentdelinquency trend, we now expect the charge-off rate to be closer to five and aquarter percent in the fourth quarter. With continued revenue strength andoperating leverage, our U.S. Card business remains well positioned to sustainstrong profitability. Results for our Global Financial Service or GFS business aresummarized on slide 11. GFS net income for the quarter was $118 million up 10%from the third quarter of 2006. Net income growth resulted from strong revenuegrowth and increased operating leverage, but partially offset by higherprovision expense. GFS managed loans ended the quarter at $29 billion up 8%from the year ago quarter. About half of the dollar growth resulted fromstronger Canadian and UKcurrencies versus the third quarter of last year. Once again North American GFS businesses provided thestrongest growth in both loans and profit. Small business, installment loans,and Canadian credit cards all delivered double-digit loan growth and ourorigination businesses also grew. Point-of Saleoriginations were up 23% year-over-year. Capital One home loan originationswere up 26% as compared with the third quarter of 2006, although originationsdeclined modestly from the linked quarter as expected in the current mortgagemarket. UK credit card loans declinedmodestly year-over-year as we maintain a cautious past year in that market. Inthe third quarter charge-offs and delinquencies were essentially flat versusthe sequential quarter. Charge-off rate rose by 30 basis points anddelinquencies were up by 16 basis points from the prior year quarter. In North American GFS businessesthe story is very similar to our card business minus some factor like the25-day grace period change that are unique to card. The biggest factor in GFSis the continued gradual normalization of charge-offs when they very low levelsin 2006. Credit in the UKremains stable. Our GFS businesses delivered another solid and steady quarterof profitable growth. You see a summary of thirdquarter results for Capital One Auto Finance on slide 12. Our Auto Financebusiness posted a $4 million net loss for the quarter compared to a profit of$38 million in the third quarter of last year, while revenues were up 6% withstrong operating leverage. These trends were more than offset by a 52% increasein provision expense. Credit results and outlookcontinued to be the key story in our Auto Finance business. Both charge-offsand delinquencies rose sharply from the very lower levels we experienced in thethird quarter of 2006. They have also risen significantly from the secondquarter of this year. Both delinquency and charge-offperformance are driven by the same three factors. First we experienced a normalseasonal increase this quarter. In a sequential quarter comparison this is thelargest single driver. Second, we continue to see elevated losses from our recentdealer prime originations. As we talked about in the past two quarter earlycalls, we have responded by implementing second and third generation creditmodels and adjusting underwriting criteria. We believe we have turned the corner in the dealer primebusiness and the loans, we are originating today have better creditcharacteristics. However, actual loss levels on early advantages will remainelevated until those loans amortize. The third factor driving credit performance is elevatedlosses in our dealer sub-prime business. We are continuing to see the impactsof industry wide risk and underwriting expansion over the past several years. Risk expansion across the industry and in our Autobusinesses, include things like longer-term loans and higher loan to valuelimits. While losses on these loans have risen, the business remains highlyprofitable and we are quite comfortable with the credit performance and risksadjusted returns of these loans. Originations in the quarter were $3.2 billion roughly flatcompared to the third quarter of 2006. Originations were pressured downward bydeclining Auto sales across the industry and by our pullback on dealer primevolumes. These pressures were offset by continued success in sub-prime anddirect prime as well as the early success of our new business model withdealers. As I discussed in the last quarters call, we implemented anintegrated program across our 18,000 dealer relationships completing therollout in the latter part of the second quarter. While it is still very earlydays, our first full quarter of results has been encouraging. Dealersatisfaction has increased and loan originations are strong and the creditquality of new origination is better enhanced by positive selection. Obviously Auto Finance resultsthus for in 2007 are disappointing largely as a result of credit challenge as Idiscussed, but based on solid originations improving operating efficiency andthe early success of our integrated dealer approach. We believe our AutoFinance business positioned to return to stronger growth and profitability in2008. I will discuss our local bankingbusiness on slide 13. The slide shows actual results for the 2007 quarters andpro forma results for the 2006 quarters. Net income for the quarter was $192million up more than $15 million from the second quarter. The primary driver ofthe increase was a reserve release the result when we aligned our local bankingsegment loan loss allowance methodology to be consistent with Capital Onemethodology. Revenues decline modestly fromthe second quarter as did non-interest expense. Total deposits declined byabout $1 billion from the second quarter to $73 billion. Several largecustomers withdrew a portion of their deposits in the quarter as theyreposition their real-estate holdings. Deposit mix and pricing werestable in the quarter. Loan balances were flat at $42 billion. Commercial loansgrew modestly offsetting the expected pay down in the mortgage portfolio. Thecommercial real-estate in multifamily loan portfolios were flat from the secondquarter. Credit performances remain strongand stable. The charge-offs rate remaining is just 19 basis points.Non-performing loans as a percentage of managed loans rose eight basis pointsto 27 basis points. Once again the biggest news inour local banking business in the third quarter is our continued progress onintegration. Lynn Pike has built her leadership team by selecting experiencedexecutives from Legacy Capital One, North Fork, Hibernia,and key external candidates. The senior management team is now largely inplace. Beyond the transition of the leadership team our integrationefforts continue to be on track. Integration efforts will continue toaccelerate over the next two quarters with the deposit platform and brandconversions scheduled for the first quarter of 2008. In the third quarter, ourLocal Banking business continued to deliver solid results, while managing anddelivering on a successful integration. I will close tonight on slide 14, which is the summary ofcurrent expectations, we provided for 2008. The expectations, we provided forkey operating metrics and capital targets effectively constitute our guidancefor 2008. While they provide enough inputs to develop a reasonable range ofexpected earnings for 2008, we believe there are both longer-term andshorter-term benefits to provide a new with this level of detail. As compared to a calendar year EPS range, these metricsprovide visibility as to how we are doing against the goals and targets we haveset that will deliver long-term shareholder returns like operating leverage andcapital discipline. Moreover this approach shed light on important top line aswell as bottom line trends, which will drive the performance in the future. In a shorter-term this approach allows us to give you a clearpicture of where specific variables like credits are pointing in the moment andthe factors what you are likely to drive them going forward without embeddingthem in an earnings range wide enough to catch your all possible scenariosespecially during uncertain economic times such as lease. It also allows us to provide frequent update on thosevariables, which are more visible to us like monthly credit metrics In ournational Lending sub-segments and exceptions for future quarter charge-offswithout having the speculate on variables like the allowance, we might need tobuild over the course of the given calendar year to anticipate loss experienceanother 12 months out. I hope you will be able to join us in McLeanor over the webcast for our fall investor conference on November 6th. At thattime you will have a chance to hear directly from the leaders of our businessesabout our strategy and outlook for 2008. Garry and I will also discuss our overall corporate outlookwith the focus on how we except our strategic and business results to translatethe shareholder value over the next couple of years and longer term. Now Garry and I will be happy to answer your questions,Jeff.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. If youhave any follow-up questions after the call, the investor relation staff willbe available to answer them. For the courtesy to other investors and analysts and theywish to ask a questions, please limit yourself to only one question and onefollow-up question. Sharvon, please start the Q&A session.
Operator: (OperatorInstructions). We will have our first question from Bob Napoli, PiperJaffray.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Good afternoon. Rich,question in order to get your stock moving appreciate the return of capital,the dividend certainly a significant moves. But I’m trying to get understandingof kind of the growth rate of the company, if I think about your business, theCard business there appears to be a cash call with net of return on assets isvery high probably not going to get a lot of expansion in ROA. So, probably grow maybe in linewith the loan growth? The Auto business, a big challenge not a great growthindustry, the bank seems to be modest growth, it seem like you have some growthdrivers in GFS? But I just looking at this, I’m just trying to understand maybeyou can give me some color on the long-term growth potential of Capital One?
Gary Perlin: Thank you, Bob. I think,certainly Capital One relative to the Capital One of many years ago, where weare growing at double digit rate, pretty strong double digit rate. It’s a verydifferent Capital One at this point. We have two anchor tenants that are bothin relatively slow growing industry. The most striking thing about these anchortenants is about their, they are franchise potential in terms of enhancing theoverall business of the company. But also, they have very strong capitalgeneration. So, you are right in the sensethat we are not going to push these businesses to do natural thing for the sakeof growth. What we are going to do is leverage these businesses to generate thevalue that they can, which is primarily at this point around very substantialreturn of capital. And all the actions that you can see are consistent, we aredoing that. So, the bank at the moment ofcourse is mostly, is in pretty stable situation, but mostly really the focus ison integration. I think the Card business is a classic case Bob, where you cansee that as we react to the pressures in the marketplace. We are not doinganything unnatural instead we are really driving a lot of capital generation,and that creates value in a way different from just underlying asset growth. And you talk about the AutoFinance business, the Auto Finance business, while the industry is honestlygrowing in a couple of percent in fact this year very slow for the industry.The auto business like virtually all of our GFS businesses are leveraging ourstrategy of being consolidators and while the industries may grow slowly. Ithink in GFS and auto we have the chance for substantially higher growth. Allof that growth needs to be cautiously pursued in the context of the creditmarkets that we have out there. Additionally though on how wedrive the shareholder value that we have, you can see the actions we have takenon the revenue side of the business, the dramatic actions that we taken on thecost side of the business and again making sure on the capital side of thebusiness. That we are very careful with our investments and both with respectto return of dividend and but also in comparing alternative investments tounderstand the power of share buybacks particularly in the context of our stockrates right now. So to me at the end of the dayour focus is in making Capital One a growth company. Our focus is in valuecreation and I think we are very well positioned to do that. Even in thecontext of the company that still has I think a lot of growth potentialrelative to the industry over the longer run.
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Just a follow-up onthe credit side, are you seeing anything alarming obviously ranges raised yourcharge-off outlook a little bit for the fourth quarter, you broke down thepieces, but you feeling a much more concerned with the economy today in youreven 30 or 45 days ago?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Bob the economy itself isdepending on whether your glass is half full or half empty. You look at theeconomy you will see a lot of things to like; there are, lot of things not tolike. But certainly the metric, we’ve always focused on as we look at theeconomy has been employment and I think, there is a lot of strength andconsistency with respect to the most important metrics, we look at the economy. We also look at just thetrajectory of our underlying businesses and as we talk about when you see aspike and delinquency here are some of the big changes you will see. Obviously,we do a lot of digging to make sure that we can explain the various effects andalways in search of sort of worsening on a standalone basis. And as you cansee, there are strong explanations for some of the credit metrics, as we talkedabout. As we look, we continue to notsee direct effect from the mortgage crisis affecting our own customers. We see verystable differences between our mortgage holders and renters, and we talk a lotabout this in the past. We have now that more data is coming out, we’ve done apretty deep look at the markets, where housing prices have, home priceappreciation has been very dramatic over the last number of years, and what wesee Bob as we go all the way back to 2004. We can see that in those markets,the credit performance on our portfolio of the sort of the high octane HPAmarket. The credits performance improved differentially more in those marketsthan everywhere else on our consumer portfolio. It peaked in’05. It was stable.This differential peaked in ’05. It was stable in ‘06 and what wesee in ‘07 it basically regress back to the main. So in other words the California’s,the Florida’s, Arizona’s the superior performance in consumer credit that wehave observe over the last few years is more or less regress toward or to themain. Though as we look at thosemarkets also we see that again this does not then appear to be the directmortgage effects, renters and homeowners in those markets in the past and inthe present they tend to move together. So what it offers to us, it basicallygoes back to the core principle of that. It’s about the economy. We see astrong economy. We see basically stable performance adjusted for the things. Weare talking about in our own portfolio. And so I think we feel very goodabout that. Nonetheless I think there is more uncertainty Bob, than usual atthe moment. It’s why we are just being extra careful in underwriting and doingthe things we have the reason behind. The revenue moves that we’ve done to putourselves in a position, whether this norm may or may not be out there in thefuture.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will go next to Ken Posner,Morgan Stanley.
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: Hi, Richard I just want toclarify the one last point you made. Your explanations were very helpfulcompared to just looking at the raw numbers in the press release. So you aresaying you are seeing no real deterioration in the underlying consumer at thispoint, when you back throughout the policy and pricing changes?
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Ken, let me try to clarifybecause one thing I want to say is all these time when we have been talkingabout normalization, I’ve always said my caution is and always has been thathere you had incredibly good consumer credit performance in '06. And we allknew that that can’t last forever and when we all declared there would be“normalization” a return to normal. Now normalization itself as people becomedelinquent to charge-offs. They don’t have labels on and that’s say, I’m herenormalizing. They don’t have labels that say I’m a substitution of factorwhatever.
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: Right.
Gary Perlin: So, that my caution is alwaysbeen in some ways in an environment of normalization what is worsening versusnormalization, it’s a little bit of a hard form. We’ve said all along that ourcredit performance has been coming in pretty much on top of the forecast, wemade a year ago, and that comforting to us. When we get behind thenormalization that has happened over the past year remember we always talkabout the one thing that was puzzling was that the low in charge-offs wasgreater than the spike and bankruptcy. So, in some sense 2006 fooled us byvirtue of how good it was. And I think, now as we dig intothe numbers it was not only sort of the bankruptcy effect, but there also wasthis exceptional performance in the rapidly home price appreciating marketsthat is more now regressing through the mean. So, to us, I think broadly Ken, Iwould call this all part of normalization in the sense those things areregressing through the mean we've got bankruptcies returning more to normallevel, I think. Well, there are no labels on thesubstitution that we would expect certainly is consistent with what we see. So,as we itemize this delinquency spike, if I too clarify one thing Ken to you thedelinquency spike that we had in the third quarter, we spend a lot of timelooking at this thing and of course given that we projected charge-offs wouldbe quite a bit higher by the end of the year. This is the natural effective onthe delinquency side of what we have already projected. But to just go back anditemize again the fact that, the 25 day grace effect is very isolatable andit’s a bubble kind of moving through the pipe in a sense and that’s 35 basispoints of the delinquency. The seasonality, honestlyseasonality now it doesn’t have label associated whether we have been look theover past 6 years we find seasonality that would be consistent with about 35basis points to this. Absolutely it just math the mix shift that comes fromfewer revolver balances. So that’s the 15 basis points. What I want to say is the 20basis points that left over. It is our belief, but we can’t prove it at anearly point. So that’s a very natural effect of the fee in pricing policychanges, but I can’t prove that to you. And I said we could find agenda that isworsening in another form. What we’ve done is we isolated a relatively smallamount of delinquencies that. We are going to keep an eye on but the net effectof all other things saying is, it is more uncertain than usual, but I thinkthere is solid and explainable performance that’s going on.
Ken Posner - Morgan Stanley: Richard, thank you and it isreassuring to see that contrast with some of the mortgage companies, which wehave seen a very sudden deterioration in credits. So I really appreciate theclarification.
Richard Fairbank: Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will go next to ChrisBrendler, Stifel
Chris Brendler - Stifel: Hi, thanks. Good evening. On thecredit side I just, I understand all the subjects you’ve discussed, thedrivers, but it looks to me, if you look your competitors. The major bankcompetitors in the Card business the few sub-prime competitors, we look out inthe Auto Finance business, your trends are not in line with lot of thosecompanies. And I think that I’m sure, youare worried about the concept of adverse selection, their pricing strategy youare using, it doesn’t seem to be tracking the way you expected it because youare already raising your fourth quarter loss guidance for Card? So, I just wantto know, do you feel that it’s an accurate statement that you are arguing withsome ones of adverse selection in both the Auto or Card business or was there abetter explanation?
Richard Fairbank: Chris, there are really a bunchof things wrapped up in your question. First of all, when us versuscompetitors, I think, we tracked on top of it or maybe slightly better in thesub-prime auto space than the competitors. We talked about in the prime autospace; I have talked extensively about some of the issues, I think that wasCapital One specific and some of the vintages there. But I think, overall the autoperformance is very much tracking the way that we see the industry tracking andwe could talk more about that in other question questions if people want toask. On the Card side, this is not a story of adverse selection. This is astory of consistency about things we’ve done for many, many year. So, compared with competitors,they didn’t have the 25 day grace effect. They generally if you look at usversus competitors everybody has got bit of a different portfolio. Wedefinitely have more seasonality than they do, and this is the period of themost significant seasonality increase that you would see with respect todelinquencies. The mix shift again every company has their own mix thing.  This is absolute map just theeffect of the mix shift out of the prime revolver business. As I said thereactually is some adverse selection, Chris that comes with pricing changes. Andwe are pretty much in advance declaring that we expect that and we expectattrition and we expect some adverse selection with pricing change. We expectthat to be slump frankly by the revenue benefit, but honestly there is someadverse selection with respect to that. But that is not a big effect related tothe current numbers that we were.
Chris Brendler - Stifel: Let me ask in a different way inthe linked quarter you guys talked about 5% loss rate in the fourth quarter.Now you are talking about 5.25% and it's not a macro thing. So are you seeingthe deeper pricing not worked the way you’ve expected to whether grace period?I mean grace period really shouldn’t drive losses. It should be a temporarylate fee benefit and a delinquency blip because in couple of times you bad youare charging them. They are missing the payments for the five days. So whatexactly drove the increase in losses for the fourth quarter? And then a relatedquestion did you have any meaningful adjustment to your IO strip in the carbusiness this quarter?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. First of all in the fourthquarter losses quite a while ago we said we expected charge-offs to be aroundfive. And I think a number of people said I’m troubled getting myself. So howdo we get there, and we said, look I think essentially just making in the math ofthe things that have been going on in the business. And the increase in that estimateto five in a quarter about half of that is or good chunk of that is basicallythe nominator a fact related to less asset growth and some of it, a lot of itjust relates to the math that’s working through that itemization associatedwith delinquencies that I did earlier including again the numerator effectsassociated with the mix change. So, that’s pretty much how I would explainthat. Garry, you want to talk about the IO strip?
Gary Perlin: Sure, Rich. And hey Chris, weactually had a small write-off in our Card IO strip during the third quartersomething between $17 and $18 million. I know, that’s all different then whatyou have seen with some other folks and just keep in mind that there are somepositive benefits from the strong revenue growth, which more than offset theincrease in credit costs, and some of the small increase in funding cost, so up$17 to $18 million.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll go next to Steven Wharton,JP Morgan
Stephen Wharton - JP Morgan: Hi, Rich and Garry. I guess, myquestion is, I appreciate the kind of initial 2008 guidance that you provided,and as it relates to the charge-off guidance. First of all, I wondered; if youcould, may be perhaps highlight a little bit what sort of economic environmentyou would except in terms of like GDP growth to get you the $4.9 billion? And then secondly, I just want toget a better sense of where you are from a reserve standpoint. A number ofbanks had found themselves in a position where, when things were good they werereleasing reserves and running down reserve coverage ratios in addition to justhaving improving net charge-offs, and now it’s kind of like the opposite.  So, not only do you have theincrease in the dollar provisions and you have to provide and increase yourcoverage of your loan portfolio. So my understand I thought that Capital Onehad been low less of the former in terms of bleeding the reserves and which wayto imply that maybe the less of the ladder. So can just talk about that alittle bit?
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Steve. I will take thefirst part and Garycan talk about the reserves. I’m glad you asked the question about 2008 creditguidance, because I want to as clear as we can. It’s a year ago, when said outit turn out one of the most  probably all the metrics want toonce it turn down most close and our internal forecast turn out to be thecharge-offs. But we know any year in particular a year like this it somethingthat can have a lot variance to it. So our approach is we don’t want to justtake an unusually large number just to make sure we come in 1000. What we want to do is try to,have you see it, as we see it at this point and could of course be subject tochange. So the way we’re looking at it Steve, is that we are assuming with theeconomy we don’t model it. So we say if unemployment is exactly X% then it meanthis on our charge-offs. But generally we are viewing acontinuation of the economy pretty much the way that we see it. We are assumingthat the dollars, which are currently delinquent will follow through tocharge-offs. We assume the effects of normalization and shift in loan mix willcontinue we assume seasonality follows it normal patterns. We also assume thattemporary factors like increase cost by policy changes will go way overtime. So, this is pretty much a fairway estimate. It’s certainly not, it not an estimate that is massivelyconservative, to be conservative, I think, what we try to do. So, we don’tassume a lot of additional changes in the economy or credit performance fromhere. It's more just how what we see will play out over the course of 2008. Andthat’s why; it also the important choice of not trying to predict, what arereserved bill would be next year. Gary,do you want to take the other part of that?
Gary Perlin: Sure. Absolutely, hi, Steve. Justtaking a look I obviously don’t need to remind you that our allowances are bestestimates of future losses. In order to be able to come up with thoseestimates, we need to take a look at the experience; we’re having with our bookright now. Future allowance will really depend on how that book changes. So, as Rich said, as our mix mayshift from time to time that’s going to have an effect on future reservingneeds, obviously the actual performance of the book. So, looking atdelinquencies as the best predictor of future losses that’s going to get into,I think. So, bottom line it’s very hard tokind of get ahead of future reserving needs because one would need a crystalball about actions, about markets, about credit that we simply don’t have. Butin taking all that into account certainly in this past quarter, there is asignificant increase in our coverage ratio in Cards from about 4.7% to 5.5%. And that’s again because we'veseen the effects of the mix shift that comes from reduction in the amount ofprime revolvers and the books as well as the higher delinquency rates. Theother business coverage ratios are actually quite stable and that's kind ofmore of what you might expect given the performance that we’ve seen kind of afinal notes Steve, if I could on the allowance overall for the quarter justeveryone has the numbers straight. We did add $200 million more orless for national lending, normal banking operations with let us to increasethe allowance there by about $24, $25 million and then the allowance was alsoincreased $75 million related to discontinued operations. The HELOC loans thatwill move from HFS, HFI GreenPoint in the second quarter and then netting outof that $300 more or less million [with aligns] allowance build was about $65to $67 million resulting -- $91 million change in the bank and that is $67.  But gross of 91 reduction in thebank largely as a result of what you see when any bank integration takesplaces, you integrate all of the methodologies, remove the commercialmethodologies of North Fork more to what we would be considered to bemainstream methodologies such as we added the old Hibernia, our franchise whenthe consumer coverage moved to industry norms, moving away from life timelosses to 12 months losses. So by in large we love to get a head of the future,but we need to tell what the future is, in order to do so, we will continue todo our best job of find and anticipate based on the facts as we have been.
Stephen Wharton - JP Morgan: Right, thanks.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We will go next to Scott Valentin, FBR Capital Market.
Scott Valentin - FBR Capital Market: Good evening.Thanks for taking my question. Some of your peers in the call, I see one peernoted some changes in the credit card usage patterns such as more cash advanceor any payments coming in slightly later and I was curious maybe if you noticeany change in payment patterns, fewer cards or even payments rates? That’s myfirst question. Secondquestion on the positive trends, out of thought that with the ABS marketdisruption maybe would emphasize deposits more, maybe growing deposits thisquarter? Just curious to get your reaction maybe a thought when deposit growthmay resume?
Richard Fairbank: Okay Scott. On our competitorthat did reference spending patterns. We did take a look at that. Of course, wewould look at these things all the time. That competitor saw ramping of cashadvances and rising utilization rates, which tend to be triggers of higherrisk. We have looked for this, and we have not seen it. So, really, honestly,the things are pretty stable. But we have things that are moving in our portfolio,the things that we identified related to mix and things like that. Gary, you want to takethat deposit question.
Gary Perlin: Sure, absolutely. Hey, Scott. Interms of deposits the big shift down in the deposit balance in the thirdquarter was really driven by a reduction in the high cost deposit. So, brokerdeposits and especially public funds in fact the level of retail depositsmeaning that deposits in our branches without public funds included actuallyrose by about $0.5 billion. The basic funding sources for ourportfolio in the third quarter were cash that we had raised earlier this year,as it turns out quite opportunistically given the kind of dislocation in themarkets in the third quarter. So, we’ve rundown some of our cash balances inthe third quarter. We also had some funding as youknow at the holding company, which is important to kind of maintain ourliquidity levels there. And we found things like home loan bank advances to bevery attractive funding on a marginal basis. But certainly, when it comes todeposits especially with short-term rates starting to move down, we are goingto be watching very carefully for opportunities to grow deposits and to do soin a way that builds the franchise and help us to achieve better funding costoverall.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to [Greg Regan],Cedar Hill Capital
Greg Regan - Cedar Hill Capital: Hi, guys thanks for taking thecall. I just had a point of clarification on the reserve. The $75 million ofHFS provision was being captured in discontinued operation. So that did not hitthe provision this quarter, but that will be going back into the retail bank in4Q. So just how did that work on the P&L next quarter?
Richard Fairbank: Okay. Well, again Greg it'salready hit the P&L through the P&L of discontinued operations. And sothe allowance is on the balance sheet and what we will be doing in the fourthquarter is simply moving those loans as well as any other HFI loans that willmove from HFS and GreenPoint, we will be moving the loans and the associativeallowance to the banking segment it will simply be a move on the balance sheet,no affect in terms of P&L.
Greg Regan - Cedar Hill Capital: Okay. Thank you.
Jeff Norris: Question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Rick Shane,Jefferies & Company.
Rick Shane - Jefferies & Company: Hi, guys. Just looking at theauto business, one of the things I’m start to struggling with this given whereloss rates are right now and even just assuming that provision matches with theloss rate in ’08, does this business become profitable again. I mean, maybewhat you can do is, you can sort of dial a little bit more into your predictedloss rate for ’08 and give us some senses to where auto charge-offs are goingto go?
Gary Perlin: Yes, Rick, it’s Gary. I don’t want to do too muchspeculation. But certainly as Rich described a lot of the business that we’vebeen putting on the books of late is business that’s going to be highlyprofitable. The auto business has been doing significant work to try andimprove their operating leverage. So, we expect that they are goingto be coming down quite substantially in terms of cost, as a percentage ofoutstanding loans. And certainly at the Investor Conference, you will behearing from our business folks there about some of the improvement there. So,I think, the combination of operating leverage having really kind of improvedour risks models around, the prime dealer business generating good volumegrowth.  I think the decline in profitability that youhave been seeing in auto, we would consider to be temporary based on the kindsof credit we’ve been seeing to-date obviously. We don’t have a crystal ballabout what credit will be in the future. But we’re going to apply that samekind of cautious underwriting we’ve for the rest of the book, and we’recertainly determined to make that business profitable.
Rick Shane - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And I guess, the way tolook at it is, and I guess this gets back to Rich’s comment about the [bubble]going through the due. When do you think on the auto side, we will see andagain, I realize on the Card side one of the issues you are dealing with thissort of a broader macro picture? But on the Card side, I think, onthe auto side, what you are describing is a little bit of seasoning associatedwith the prime portfolio. When do you think because that is easier to predictgiven the statistics that you are looking at? When do you think that will passthrough? That’s probably a better way I should have asked the question to beginwith?
Richard Fairbank: Well, Rick as you know thesevintages are much slower, I mean, they are much shorter in their overall lifethen credit card vintages and already what we are seeing in the prime businessis significantly better. Now, I don’t want to declare victory there because ittakes a while to look at vintages that they progress. But looking at just a lotof the sort of metrics at the time of origination and then the early vintageperformance, we like a lot more what we’ve done in prime. And in fact, if you recall, weactually backed off prime originations, and significantly backed off pendingthat the rollout of our integrated auto program, which is I think is reallyhelping on the adverse selection side. It’s a combination of really gettingmore positive selection through the old relationships and also much better datafor which we have build second and third generation model. So, the early routes on those aregood and it’s the matter of the math of better vintages sort of carrying theday as the other vintages work their way through the business. On the sub-primeside of the business, there is sort of, here is how I describe what's going on.It was something like a couple of years ago that the industry table stakes rosein terms of things like a lot of things started going to 72 months from 60months. You had higher LTV. And therewere things associated with the higher table stakes. We looked at that at thetime, we were concerned about it. We did our best to model the results fromthis, and we concluded that while there is a higher risk, there is on a risksadjusted basis this loan should be very, very solid. We then did those originationsand what we found and sort of, if you will maybe the first year of this twoyear industry change, we actually did better than we had projected on vintagebasis. And what we’ve seen of late is things have coming a little worse than wehad projected on vintage basis. Sort of net, net, the net effect of this is,and this certainly has impact on the profitability going forward. These thingsare still very profitable loans. It’s just that the kind of the second yearvintage versus the first has been worsened and some of that is normalizationand all the things that we’ve talked about. So, that is really one that Ideeply believe is an entire industry phenomenon there. But we noticed theindustry has stabilized, the pricing seems rationale. And I think for the wholeindustry underwriting is sort of a notch a little bit at a higher level, Ithink of risk. I think that on a risks adjusted basis that we feel this is asolid business. Well, I think, it’s a stableoutlook there. So, we think profitability. If you take all these effectsbetween the big allowance builds we had to do this year and vintages runningthrough the pipeline, I think, we look to a substantially better year in theauto business next year.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We'll go next to Moshe Orenbuch,Credit Suisse.
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Thanks. I wanted to kind offollow-up a little bit on the Auto business this is because really if you dolook at the history over the last kind of two and half years, it’s doesn’t seemforget the last whisper; it doesn’t seem that you really made the hurdle ratesin the majority of that period of time. Certainly from the second half of’05 it’s probably only two or three quarters, three quarters may be at a periodof time since that internally. So, and I guess that’s my question is that, isthere like longer-term strategic plan, I mean, I understand getting back toprofitability support, but how do we kind of look at that?
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, obviously the autobusiness on a vertical current period basis, looks way under hurdle rates,there is not a lot of earnings. But when we look at it from a lifecycle orhorizontal basis that are…
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: But I am talking about threeyears Rich, that’s almost a lifecycle alone?
Richard Fairbank: Maybe let me, let change my pointfor a second I’m sorry. On the sub-prime side these things have been solid interms of risk adjusted returns on the prime side. They have been well belowrisks adjusted returns and the, so the thing that as hurt the performance hasbeen just the general underperformance of the prime things that we’ve talkedabout and the excessive allowance builds that was within the verticalperspective these excessive allowance build that we’ve undertaken this year. So, again, I think the sub-primehas consistently been well above hurdle Moshe and I think our outlook on theprime originations, as I’ve talked about and confirmed by the sort of the earlyvintage results of these is pretty positive too along the way, can I say one ofthe thing, Moshe very importantly has been a significant effort on the costside in the auto business that progressively every quarter you can go back andlook at the numbers. But we are dropping by 10 and 20 basis points a quarter.The operating cost of the business and that is a very important part of long-termprofitability.
Jeff Norris: Next question please?
Operator: We’ll have our next question fromBob Hughes, KBW.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Hi, thanks for taking myquestion. Rich, I really appreciated your conversation about credit performanceparticularly in some of the markets that have experienced much higher housingprice appreciation and that you are seeing some reversion to mean. As we lookout to 2008 and consider your charge-off assumptions and the economy backdropto what extent, if you factored in additional housing price deterioration insome of those markets?
Richard Fairbank: I think Bob our projection for2008 is again the models are not -- our forecasting of 2008 is not onemetropolitan area at a time. So, in some sense, there is not a mechanicallinkage of that to the other. My point about HPA is the high home priceappreciation, those markets that where there has been a big change in homeprice appreciation. I think that is reflective of changes in the economy inthose markets. Our overall assumption about theeconomy is one that is pretty ecstatic. We’ve kind of intervened and alteredsome of our underwriting in those HPA affected marketplace. But we’ve not putinto our credit forecast for next year. We’ve not put an assumption of further degradationin the nation's economy or the economy in any specific market. It’s really moreof just overall consistency from where we are.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay. I mean, it’s an interestingtopic of discussion. I mean, I think, a lot of folks have argued that housingprice appreciation as one of those markets was not necessarily driven bystronger underlying economy rather lower interest rates like underwritings etcetera speculation. So, to the extent that thehousing price appreciation in some of those markets help to maybe mask somecredit deterioration and resulted in a much longer role return to normalizationsuppose to spike and bankruptcies? I just wondered, what your thoughts might beon how that could impact you on the other side to the extent that some of thosemarkets really start to see altering housing values and you see a deterioratingloss effect as well.
Richard Fairbank: Yeah. Look now one thing I wantto make sure I don’t get on the other side of the discussion, as if I am anadvocate that there won’t be any economic worsening. For years and years, andwe had worried about all these things. I am going to talk to you aboutmechanically what how we are, what's in our credit forecast. The thing, I want say about thehousing price the high octane housing price markets is the thing that we’vefound is that’s most correlated it’s the rate of change of house priceappreciation. And I don’t, I actually we don’t really believe and that’s reallythat’s the cause of variable because it was the specific cause of variable. We see a [hormone] effect insteadin fact what we see is the same effect with renters as well as so in it’s alocal economy effect. The main thing that we’ve seen there is a regression tothe main. Its entirely possible those markets could in fact worsen beyond themain, it’s not something that we have put into our forecast. But again part of our reason forgiving you when to and how we think about credit as I think the most usefulthing we can do for you is tell you what we see and how that mathematicallyworks its way in the charge-offs over the course of the next year. And all ofus will watch with the lot of anticipation, how the economy both locally andnationally mood.
Jeff Norris: One or more questions.
Operator: That does conclude ourquestion-and-answer session, sir. I will turn the conference back over to Mr.Norris for closing remarks.
Jeff Norris: Thanks, Sharvon. And thanks toall of you again for joining us on the call tonight. Thank you for yourinterest in Capital One. I’d like to just make sure we remind all our listenersthat our upcoming Fall investor conference, which will be held on TuesdayNovember 6, 2007. The conference will be held inour McLean, Virginia Headquarters and we will also be webcast live. You canfind more details about this on our website at capitalone.com or you cancontact investor relations at investor.relation@capitalone.com. The investorrelation staff will be here this evening to answer any further questions youmay have. Thanks again. And have a good evening.
Operator: That concludes today’sconference. You may disconnect at this time. We do appreciate yourparticipation.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-07-19 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jeff Norris - IR   Gary Perlin - CFO and Principal Accounting Officer   Richard Fairbank - CEO 
Analysts: Laura Kaster - Sandler O'Neill   Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities   Michael Cohen - Nova Capital   Meredith Whitney - CIBC World Markets   Scott Valentin - Friedman Billings & Ramsey   Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus   Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray   Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Capital One Second Quarter 2007 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer period. (Operator Instructions).  Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jeff Norris. Please go ahead, sir. 
Jeff Norris: Thank you very much, Katie and welcome everyone to Capital One's second quarter 2007 earnings conference call. As usual, we are webcasting live over the internet. To access this call on the internet, please log on to Capital One's website at www.capitalone.com and follow the links from there.  In addition to the press release and financials, we have included a presentation summarizing our second quarter 2007 results. With me today is Mr. Richard Fairbank, Capital One's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Gary Perlin, Capital One's Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer will walk you through this presentation.  To access a copy of the presentation and the press release, please go to Capital One's website, click on "Investors" then click on "Quarterly Earnings Release."  Please note that this presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Information regarding Capital One's financial performance and any forward-looking statements contained in today's discussion and the materials, speak only as of the particular date or dates indicated in the materials. Capital One does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of this information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Numerous factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements. For more information on these factors, please see the section titled "forward-looking information" in the earnings release presentation and the risk factor section in our annual and quarterly reports accessible at the Capital One website and filed with the SEC.  At this time, I'll turn the call over to Gary Perlin. Gary? 
Gary Perlin: Thanks, Jeff and welcome to everyone joining us on today's conference call. Let's jump straight into the highlights of the quarter, on slide 3 of the presentation.  Capital One delivered diluted earnings per share of $1.89 in the second quarter of ‘07 up 6% from the second quarter of ‘06. We had a larger than usual number of non-operating items affecting our second quarter results, so, we've highlighted them for you.  The items with a downward impact on earnings were either anticipated at the beginning of the year or disclosed recently. The former category is in $79 million or $0.13 per share in integration expenses and core deposit intangible amortization.  Restructuring charges associated with the cost initiative announced late in the second quarter were $101 million or $0.16 per share. While the announced transition in our banking management team had a $40 million or $0.06 impact on the quarter as a result of accelerated vesting of executive stock options.  Partially offsetting these expenses were two items that positively impacted quarterly results. $69 million or $0.16 per share in lower than normal taxes related to changes in our international tax position and $17 million or $0.03 per share from the extinguishment of debt, which occurred when we called high coupon trust preferred notes originally issued by North Fork Bank Corp and Hibernia.  As I indicated on the first quarter call, we executed a $1.5 billion accelerated share repurchase plan effective April 2nd. In addition, we executed an incremental $250 million of open market repurchases during the quarter under the same $3 billion share buyback authorization. These actions coupled with quarterly share count growth reduced our share count by a net 18 million shares.  The restructuring charges I mentioned a moment ago are associated with an enterprise-wide cost initiative begun during the second quarter and announced on June 27th. We anticipate that the result of this effort will be a reduction in the annual operating expense run rate by $700 million in 2009. I'll give you more details about this initiative in a few moments.  I also mentioned the transition of our banking business leadership team. Our broader integration program remains on track, and Rich will provide some detail when he offers his update on the bank.  Moving on to slide 4, let's refresh our outlook for the full year. We are maintaining our 2007 earnings per share guidance of $7 to $7.40 with non-operating items moving us to the lower end of the range.  Our outlook for 2007 has always included a projected $240 million post tax or $0.60 impact in integration and CDI amortization costs associated with our bank acquisitions. However, the other non-operating items called out in the box on slide 3, were not anticipated when guidance was last updated in April. The fact that the projected full year impact of the negative non-operating items are only partially offset by the positives, and by accelerated share repurchases, we expect earnings towards the lower end of our current guidance range of $7 to $7.40.  Let me also use this opportunity to reground the assumptions that support our current guidance. First, we assume that the notable business trends in the second quarter continue for the balance of 2007.  As you will hear from Rich, these trends include declining year-over-year balances with expanding revenue margin in US Card, and elevated loss levels in the dealer prime auto finance business.  Our outlook also assumes no change in the following market conditions. Continued pressure in secondary mortgage market pricing with whole loan bids at or around current levels. Continued US consumer credit normalization in the wake of the late 2005 spike in bankruptcies, a more stable UK consumer credit environment and a solid US labor market and a yield curve which remains at currently flat levels.  If you turn to slide 5, I would like to provide a bit more detail about the cost initiative which we announced a couple weeks ago.  At Capital One, we have long been focused on the importance of operating efficiency to enhance our competitiveness, and to help us achieve sustained earnings growth. Capital One experienced positive operating leverage each year between 2003 and 2005.  While operating expense levels increased in 2006 and early 2007, as we began the integration of our bank acquisitions, and made sizable investments in the infrastructure, which supports our legacy businesses, we are now well placed to move aggressively to improve operating efficiently.  It was with this in mind that we recently announced an enterprise-wide initiative expected to generate $700 million in operating expense savings by the end of 2009. This initiative will cost us approximately $200 million in 2007 and $100 million in 2008, which will appear in a new line item for restructuring expenses.  Now let me give you a sense of where these savings will come from. About $400 million of the $700 million in savings will be coming from our national lending and local banking business lines. In many of our national lending businesses, we will be leveraging the benefits of infrastructure investments we've made over the past year through process redesign and complexity reduction.  In our local banking segment, we will deliver on the $110 million in net cost savings associated with the North Fork acquisition as we look to complete that bank integration in 2008. As you know a critical part of this integration will occur in the first quarter of 2008, when we look to integrate our banking businesses on to one deposit platform and rebrand the North Fork franchise.  About 150 million of the $700 million of savings will come as a result of targeted reductions in staff functions largely as a result of organizational streamlining. We will also look to save an additional $150 million by implementing and maximizing shared services across business line.  Examples of projects, where we think we can harvest savings include placing many of our smaller businesses with similar asset profiles on the same servicing platform. We will also be conducting supplier and vendor contract reviews on our top 100 suppliers and will be renegotiating many contracts, where we believe we can achieve better pricing.  As previously disclosed, we plan to eliminate approximately 2000 jobs across all of our business and staff functions. A similar number of positions will largely be reduced by not filling current vacancies. Half of the job cuts have already been identified. Affected people have been notified and are in the process of receiving severance benefits inline with our commitment to treat all our associates with respect.  Before leaving the cost initiative, I would like to remind you that we are also committed to investing in the growth of our businesses. That said, we currently expect to reduce the actual level of operating expenses exclusive of restructuring charges in 2008 by 100 to $200 million compared to 200 to 2007. We will be updating you on our progress on these cost saving initiatives on our quarterly earnings conference call going forward.  Now let's take a look at performance in the quarter starting with credit metrics on slide 6. If you can see on the chart on the left of the slide, quarterly losses from our local banking segment, which represents a mix of commercial and consumer loans, remain stable and low at 19 basis points for the quarter. In our national lending segment, losses for the quarter were 3.45%, down 20 basis points compared to the prior quarter driven largely by a change in grace period terms in our U.S. Card business. You've already seen this impact in our Master Trust Data.  Without this change in account terms, the charge-off rate in our national lending segment would have been 3.61% reflecting expected credit normalization. On the chart to the right, you will see managed 30 day plus delinquencies for our national lending segment and non-performing loans as a percent of loans held for investment for our local banking segment. The delinquency rate experienced similar trends to those we saw in our managed charge-off rates, again reflecting expected credit normalization.  Now let's turn to the next slide for a look at the income statement in the balance sheet. If we look at the income statement and balance sheet, please keep in mind that almost all of the year-over-year comparisons are affected by the acquisition of North Fork on December 1st, 2006.  Let's start with the income statement. First, total revenue is up on a linked quarter basis driven largely by revenue margin expansion in our U.S. Card sub segment. You'll be hearing more about this from Rich.  Provision expense was up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year driven by the normalization of charge-off post bankruptcy spike. The increase in provision included an allowance bill of about $15 million. Operating expense declined in the quarter by $29 million. This includes pretax expenses of $26 million related to bank integration, $53 million of CDI amortization, and $40 million of accelerated vesting of stock options related to the transition of our bank management team. Thus, the balance of our operating expense experienced a greater decline largely reflecting a move down from elevated levels of infrastructure investment in our national lending businesses.  As highlighted on an earlier slide, we recognized a significant positive tax impact in the second quarter. This impact was driven by changes in our international tax position, and we expect to return to a more normal tax rate for the remaining quarters of 2007.  Now briefly looking at the balance sheet total, deposits at quarter end decreased on a linked quarter basis driven by the expected runoff of public funds in the bank and especially our deliberate decision to let higher costs brokerage CD's roll off. However retail and commercial deposits were up slightly on a linked quarter basis.  Managed loans held for investment increased modestly on a linked quarter basis driven by growth in our US Card and GFS subsegments, and by our move of approximately $1.2 billion in mortgage loans from held for sale to held for investment is a result of our decision to hold these loans on balance sheet instead of selling them into the secondary market.  These loans now show up in our local banking segment, and our mortgage banking subsegment. Rich will touch on this as well in his business reviews, which we are now ready to begin. Over to you Rich? 
Richard Fairbank: Okay, thanks Gary. And I'll begin on slide 8, with an overview of our national lending and local banking business segment.  On a year-over-year basis, sustained profit growth in our US Card and Global Financial Services or GFS businesses more than offset declines in auto finance, mortgage banking and local banking.  As I discuss each of these businesses in a moment, you'll hear some common things. The expected normalization of credit continues in our US business. Loan growth especially in prime markets in US Card and Auto Finance continues to be challenging. When adjusted for changing product mix, margins are holding up or increasing modestly across many of our lending businesses. And we are improving operating leverage across many of our businesses, as we pass the peak of infrastructure investment spending, and we begin to leverage the new infrastructure platforms and our cost restructuring initiative.  Each of our businesses faces its own unique combination of market consolidation, competitive, and cyclical forces. While some businesses are well positioned to sustain and grow profits today, others are hard at work addressing challenges and improving their position to win in the long-term. All in all our businesses delivered modest profit growth versus the pro forma profit from the second quarter of 2006.  I will discuss the key trends and results in our US Card business, on slide 9. US Card delivered strong year-over-year net income growth powered by growth in revenue, reductions in non-interest expenses, and a modest decline in provision expense. Loan grew modestly from the year ago quarter. Loan growth resulted from improving year-over-year attrition trend, and growth in targeted segments.  Our year-over-year loan growth rate was reduced by a decision to pullback further on our already low marketing of teaser led products in the prime space and the $600 million portfolio sale in the first quarter.  We continue to see intense competitive pressure in the prime space with little abatement in marketing intensity. Our focus up market is and has been to sustain strong economic returns and to grow revenues over the long term. This focus has led us to reduce investments in marketing to sub segments like prime revolvers. We continue to believe that the headline pricing in these sub segment requires secondary pricing moves offered the rates well above the go-to rates to achieve profitability.  Instead we continue to concentrate more heavily on marketing through transactors. As always we will continuously evaluate the market and competitive environment and the growth and profit potential of all customer segments. We will adjust our product strategies accordingly as we see opportunities.  For the balance of 2007, we expect that our strategies will drive growth in margins and revenue, even as prime balances decline. That's because our assessment of the marketplace today indicates that the most asset-rich opportunities are not always the most profitable.  In the sub-prime part of our business, competitive pressure continued to intensify in the quarter, but we remain confident in our efforts to generate modest growth in loans and revenues. Our focus in this part of the market continues to be providing competitively price revolver products targeted to customers at the upper end of sub-prime.  Purchase volumes grew 4% from the second quarter of 2006. The deceleration in purchase volume growth resulted from slower retail sales trend and our exit of two retail partnership over the last couple quarters. These retail partnerships were transactor intensive with mutual agreement with our partners. We decided that the overall economics did not support continuing the relationships.  Revenue increased as a result of asset growth, the repricing of certain assets, changes to pricing and product terms, higher net interchange and a modest mix shift toward higher margin business. The completion of the final phases of the conversion to TSYS platform in the quarter drove several of these positive impacts.  During the conversion, we suspended many routine pricing and product term changes for the better part of the year. This pressured revenues during the conversion. In the second quarter we began to implement backlog of these actions that have been on hold. The example is the repricing of assets, whose match funding had expired in 2006.  Non-interest expense declined in the quarter, as we passed the peak of investment spending on the TSYS conversion. We also began to leverage the new infrastructure to streamline processes and reduce our cost structure as part of the broader cost initiative that Gary discussed earlier.  Charge-off and delinquency rates rose modestly from the second quarter of 2006. The increases resulted predominately from continued normalization of credit with the slowdown in loan growth also driving a modest denominator impact. Our shift to a more industry standard 25-day grace period resulted in a onetime 31 basis point reduction in charge-off rates this quarter, which cause the seasonally unusual decline in charge-off rates from the first quarter.  Looking forward, we expect that many of the second quarter trends will continue to drive US Card results through the second half of 2007. While we expect modest seasonal growth in loans in the second half of the year, we expect to end the year with the lower loan balances than at year end 2006. We expect steady growth in revenues to continue through the remainder of 2007, as many of the drivers of revenue growth in the quarter continue through the second half of the year.  Charge-off dollars continue to track with our expectations for normalization. But the decline in US Card loan balances is likely to push the charge-off rate higher due to the lower denominator. As a result, we expect charge-offs to continue their upward trend stabilizing around 5% at the end of 2007.  With a return of modest revenue growth, and continuing cost reductions, our US Card business is poised to sustain strong profitability despite the near term headwind of declining loans and normalizing charge-offs.  Turning to slide 10, I'll discuss our Global Financial Services or GFS segment.  Net income rose 62% from the second quarter of 2006 to $83 million. Year-over-year revenue growth resulted from the growth in managed loans and origination. Expenses increased over the same timeframe due to the same factors, as well as to the impact of the teaser's conversion in small business, and a similar platform conversion in installment lending.  Provision expense declined primarily due to a more stable outlook for UK credit. Charge-offs and delinquencies rose modestly from the prior year quarter. Our US businesses continued to experience the expected normalization of charge-offs from their very low 2006 level.  In the UK, we believe credit has stabilized driven by a flattening of insolvency and third-party debt management charge-offs. While this is welcome news, we remain cautious. Insolvency rates are still at historically high levels in the UK, and the overall level of indebtedness among UK consumers remains well above the levels, we see in the United States.  Managed loans grew 6% from the second quarter of 2006 to $27 billion. Our North American GFS businesses delivered strong low to mid teens loan growth from the year ago quarter. Our origination businesses posted even stronger growth. In contrast, our UK loan balance declined, as we continue to navigate the industry-wide challenges in that market. Overall our GFS businesses are on a solid trajectory, and they continue to drive diversification and growth of both loans and profit.  I'll discuss our Auto Finance growth on slide 11. Net income of $38 million was down significantly from last year's near record second quarter profit. The decline in net income resulted from the significant increase in provision expense, which increased by $108 million from the second quarter of last year, when our auto business charge-off rate reached its record low of 1.54%.  Credit results and outlook are the most significant story in our Auto business this quarter. Both charge-offs and delinquencies rose sharply from the very low levels, we saw in the second quarter of 2006. We continue to experience the credit impacts of two significant effects. The first is the ongoing normalization of charge-offs that we described in prior quarters.  We also continue experienced elevated losses in our recent dealer prime origination vintages. As we discussed last quarter, this increase in losses is primarily related to the transition from a judgmental underwriting approach to our first generation automated underwriting model for prime loans.  First generation model sometimes encounter blind spots that we can identify and correct in second and third generation models. We are now booking prime business under a second generation risk model. While we are optimistic that our model revisions have addressed the issue, charge-offs for the loans booked under the old model will remain elevated for several quarters, as these loans season.  Originations in the second quarter were $3 billion, a modest decline from the second quarter of last year. Based on elevated charge-offs and delinquencies, we pulled back dealer prime originations in the first half of 2007 by about $2 billion. This pull back was partially offset by strong growth in sub-prime origination.  Managed loans grew 18% in the second quarter of 2006. The loan growth resulted from ongoing originations as well as the addition of about $1.4 billion in prime loans from the North Fork auto portfolio.  After successful testing for several quarters, we launched our new dealer business model in the second quarter. We developed and tested an integrated approach, so that each of our dealers can now deal with one sales rep, one underwriter, one set of products across the credit risk spectrum, and one brand. We now implemented the dealer integrated program across nearly all of our 18,000 dealer relationships. We are aggressively driving toward a lower cost structure and we have moved to the new risk model for a dealer prime that I just discussed.  Initial results in terms of dealer satisfaction, loan originations and credit performance are promising, but it's still very early days.  Second quarter auto finance results reflect the challenges of credit normalization and our continuing efforts to expand in the prime market. Despite these challenges, we remain optimistic about the future growth and profitability of our auto business.  Turning to slide 12, I'll review our mortgage banking business. We call that mortgage banking is the legacy GreenPoint Mortgage business and does not include Capital One home loans, our direct-to-consumer origination business.  The secondary market challenges continue in the mortgage businesses, although trends have stabilized in the quarter.  Our mortgage banking business posted a modest profit for the quarter inline with our expectations that the business would breakeven for the last three quarters of 2007 after the net loss in the first quarter.  Net income growth in the quarter resulted primarily from a modest expansion of net gain on sale margin and a $16 million pretax increase in the value of our MSR. Our MSR stands at a still modest $316 million.  Origination volumes declined significantly and remained under pressure. The primary factor in lower volumes is our move to a tighter underwriting standard. The challenging interest rate environment and uncertain secondary market demand also contribute to the pressure on originations.  We added $688 million of fee loss to loans held for investment in the quarter. These loans have an average FICO of 700 and an arrange CLTV of 91%. The loans were originated to sell but the bid we received were below our assessment of the value of these loans. So, we decided to move the loan to our balance sheet rather than sell them into a distressed market.  The gain on sale margin rebounded slightly from the first quarter to 56 basis points. There are several moving pieces that underlie this modest improvement. About 75% of the loans that we sold in the second quarter were originated under the old underwriting standards in the first few months of the year. These loans generated a deeply discounted base gain on sale which was consistent with the held for sale warehouse evaluation adjustments that we made in the first quarter. We have now sold virtually all of these loans originated under the old underwriting guidelines. And the evaluation of any loans that remain has been adjusted to reflect current market condition.  About 25% of the loans we sold this quarter were originated under our new tighter underwriting standards. On average, these loans are generating a base gain on sale in the 80 basis point range. Overall, the base gain on sale for the quarter was 59 basis point and minor adjustments to the rep and warranty reserve, and the held for sale warehouse valuation only reduced net gain on sale by 3 basis points.  In the second quarter, we continue to streamline and reduce the cost structure of our mortgage banking business. We consolidated several branches and servicing facility, and we continue to aggressively manage expenses, as we right size this business for the reality of sharply lower volumes.  The year-to-date results of our mortgage banking business reflect the secondary market volume, and pricing risks of our originating sell business model. But our business model continues to mostly insulate us from the big longer-term risks in the mortgage market. We don't originate or hold sub-prime mortgages, if we don't securitize mortgage loans, we hold no equity residuals, and our MSR is still a very small fraction of our tangible equity. We continue to manage the mortgage banking business to minimize our exposure to longer-term risks, and to protect the P&L, while we write out this adverse part of the cycle.  I'll discuss our local banking business on slide 13. The slide shows actual result for 2007 quarters and the pro forma results for 2006 quarters. Net income of $133 million was up modestly from the first quarter. Revenues were essentially flat from the first quarter with modest gains in net interest income offsetting the decline in non-interest income. Non-interest income would have been flat, except for the gain on sale of Hibernia's Insurance Brokerage business we booked in the first quarter.  Total deposits were flat compared to the first quarter at $75 billion. Growth in commercial deposits was offset by modest declines in public funds, consumer and direct bank deposits. As expected in the current yield environment, our deposit mix continue to shift toward higher cost deposit. Despite the shift in deposit mix modest pricing adjustments enabled deposit net interest margin to hold steady in the quarter.  Loan balances grew modestly from the first quarter to $42 billion. Commercial and small business loans grew slightly offsetting the planned reduction in residential mortgages. The commercial real estate and multifamily loan portfolios were flat from the first quarter. Credit performance remained strong and stable with both charge-off rate, and non-performing loans, as a percentage of managed loans at just 19 basis points.  The biggest news in our local banking business in the second quarter is the continued progress on integration. We announced the transition to our new bank management team headed by Lynn Pike. Starting next month, Lynn will become the President of our local banking business, as John Kanas transitions to an advisory and customer relationship role. Lynn has built out her management team by selecting experienced executives from North Fork, Hibernia, Capital One, and carefully chosen external candidates.  Our most recent key hire is Mike Slocum. Mike was formally the head of Wachovia's real estate financial services, and he will be joining our banking team in August, as head of commercial banking. With Lynn quickly coming up to speed, and getting her team in place, the time was right for this transition.  I would like to pause for a moment, and thank John Kanas and John Bohlsen for all this they have done over the years to build the great North Fork franchise, and to integrate Capital One banking business, and also to hire and develop the next generation of great talents that lead our banking business going forward.  We look forward to their continuing advice and counsel and I thank them both for all their contributions to North Fork and Capital One. Beyond the transition of the leadership team, our integration efforts continued to be on track, integration efforts will accelerate later in the year with a deposit platform and brand conversions scheduled for the first quarter of 2008.  We remain on track to deliver the targeted North Fork synergies, although the sources will almost certainly change and realizing the full run rate synergies may spill over into 2009. In the second quarter, our local banking business continued to deliver solid results and to execute a successful integration.  Now, Gary and I will be happy to answer your questions. Jeff? 
Jeff Norris: Thank you, Rich. We will now start the Q&A session. If you have any follow-up questions after the Q&A session, the Investor Relations staff will be available after the call. As a courtesy to other investors and analysts, who may wish to ask a question, please limit yourself to only one follow-up question. Katie, please start the Q&A session now. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And we will take our first question from Laura Kaster, Sandler O'Neill. 
Laura Kaster - Sandler O'Neill: Just two real quick questions, could you speak about the seasonality of the integration expenses for '08. I would assume that those would be more front-end loaded due to the brand change. And then second Gary, a question for you. Last quarter, I believe you said you expected the UK businesses to lose money and for the mortgage business to breakeven. Have those two outlooks changed at all. Thank you. 
Gary Perlin: Hi Laura, a quick answer to your first question. Certainly the seasonality of the integration expense in 2008 will be front loaded because of the timing of the deposit platform conversion and the rebranding in the first half of the year, remember that exactly the opposite in 2007, you'll start to see those integration expenses ramping up in the second half of this year much more than in the first half of the year.  As far as the profitability outlook goes, our overall UK business is close to breakeven, actually the credit card business there is mildly profitable and with the better performance of credit there, we have some cautious optimism that we might continue to see a bit of better trajectory there. Although it's early to say and then the mortgage banking businesses as Rich said, our view was that we would breakeven over the last three quarters of this year. And given the assumptions that we have made about continuation of the current market environment and our strong strides in the area of cost management, we certainly expect to try and achieve those goals in the mortgage banking business as well. 
Laura Kaster - Sandler O'Neill: Great, thank you. 
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Craig Maurer, Calyon Securities. 
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Yeah. Good evening. My question is about marketing expenditures. I understand why they're down, those go against seasonal trends. If you could just talk about where you're spending that money these days, just for my own, looking at your TV ads it seems, I haven't seen much in the way of pure credit card marketing much these days. So if you can just address that a little. Thanks. 
Gary Perlin: Yes. Thanks, Craig. The lion share of our marketing continues to be first of all if you look at total marketing expenditure they continue to be related to our credit card businesses. Our US Card business is a small business, and our Canadian and UK businesses mostly the marketing is pretty much as it has been. In terms of the direct one customer at a time marketing, the only slight change is that we pulled back a little bit in terms of the prime revolver segment.  We are always opportunistic Craig, every quarter on that. Our issues that we've with respect to the market clearing price of some of this highly re-priced business. And so, we recently have done a little bit less of that. Pretty much, though, all the other places, the marketing is continuing, the way it has been. There are lot of investment in transactor business continued the investment really across the credit segment just with the isolated avoidance of some parts of the prime revolver segment.  With respect to TV advertising, you actually make a good point there. I mean, I think in general Capital One will continue to leverage our very big credit card customer base to help finance the TV advertising. But we do have an imperative internally to do what we call stretch the brand. And you noticed across now multiple products and stretching across different customer segments, and in fact across distribution channels, you see an extension of our marketing.  So, things like advertising, home loans, advertising small business. These are part of our efforts to stretch the brand, because what we find, when we do customer research is that while it is credible to customers that they could buy products from us across any of our broad product array, they still tend to think about more as a credit card company. 
Craig Maurer - Calyon Securities: Okay. If I could just ask one follow up. Regards to Texas and Louisiana and to help us think about your strategy for New York, and the tri-state area, how you using your cross sell ability to entice customers to bring their business to Capital One Bank. How are you using the credit card angle to try to get people to make that jump? 
Gary Perlin: Craig one thing I really want to stress is there is very little effort right now to do a lot of cross selling vis-à-vis the bank and the rest of Capital One. We're so focused on making sure that we do a sure-footed integration. What we are really doing is putting in the infrastructural capability to be doing that.  But if I were to generalize that overtime the big opportunity that we see, one of the big opportunities we see from a cross selling opportunity is to drive a lot more retail volume into the North Fork franchise, which really hasn't done really any consumer marketing to speak of. And of course, we've 3 million customer accounts in New York for the sake of driving them into the branches, and a consumer brand, and a broad consumer nationally priced product line.  And to some extent the same story applies in Texas, the only difference is there has been more active marketing on the consumer side already in Texas. So again, I think, you are going to see the next several quarters, they are still going to be very focused on integration. But the infrastructure comes first, and then it's in a sense then back to business in terms of driving the sort of second generation of growth opportunities in the banking business. 
Jeff Norris: Next question please? 
Operator: And we will take our next question from Michael Cohen from [Nova] Capital. 
Michael Cohen - Nova Capital: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about the process that you went through to convert from a manual underwriting process to the first generation and now second generation score card in auto. It would seem to me that generally speaking you wouldn't have, you wouldn't have adopted something on a wider scale without testing it. How does that fit with the sort of testing control DNA. And then I have a follow up question to that. 
Gary Perlin: Michael, I appreciate the question because we are best in control, fanatical company. So this in the first time we've encountered the issues associated with converting from sort of a judgmental approach to a model base approach. Let me talk, first of all sort of conceptually about the challenges one face and then exactly what we did in the auto space.  It is, even if a judgmentally based underwriter is rich in data, which typically they aren't, but if they're rich in data. One can't, it's difficult to take their data and build models on it because it tends to have blind spots. Let me give you an extreme example. Let's say in an origination business, people always, they always excluded anybody who had a delinquency. Your data, the model that you build on that will have a blind spot in a sense did not calibrating that, in a sense any excluded variable judgmentally then gets difficult to calibrate into a model.  So, this is something that we've been very aware. So as we talk have about the auto business, the issue with Onyx was an entirely judgmentally based approach. Also very, fairly narrowly defined for a customer segment and of course we bought Onyx for the sake of trying to expand its business model in the prime space.  We felt that and early things validated this that expanding on the basis of the combined judgmental wisdom of the two institutions on this was something that did not look like it had promising results. So we felt the better decision and it was the better of the two was to put in our best approximation of a model and as quickly as possible sort of monitor and make adaptations to that.  The other issue, the other difference that one has in the auto business, you don't have in the credit card business, really it's an option to just turn volume off, because one has an whole franchise and so on. So in the card business, we would have done probably a more extreme sort of testing thing in the context of a ongoing franchise, this transition we knew would be involved some guesswork can be a little ugly. It turned out to be it was a little uglier and a little worse than we had expected, frankly Michael. 
Michael Cohen - Nova Capital: Is that that have any implications or any of the goodwill associated with the Onyx purchase? 
Gary Perlin: No, definitely not. I mean, we still are very bullish about the Onyx business. Let me go back to Onyx, Onyx was in a sense one of the last franchises of broad dealer relationships. This is a great sales force that we bought with very good and solid customer relationship.  The scalability, there were a number of scalability issues. One was the transition to a scalable automated model. There were sort of differences in the operating platforms and some of the branch-based approach that was used in Onyx as well. So, it's been a bit of a tricky transition, but a lot of the future success that we hope to have in the prime space comes from the foundation of the Onyx acquisition. So, we are very bullish about that. 
Richard Fairbank: And Michael, the other thing I want to say is we are also very confident in terms of the rollouts we are doing with respect to the prime originations as well. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Meredith Whitney, CIBC World Markets. 
Meredith Whitney - CIBC World Markets: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask a follow-up question what I thought was a very good question posed last quarter, which was, you guys clearly made people a lot of money in the 90's and over the last three years the stock has really been stuck in place. And the question on the last call was, how long do investors wait?  I am just curious as to what kind of conversations you've had with your top shareholders and your Board in terms of there is some good things about the company, but in terms of the tax rate, the provisions, some other issues, it's just hard to get excited about the underlying strength of the company with continued messiness through the quarters.  And if you could just direct me in terms of what type of sense of urgency you guys have to move the stock because obviously investors need the stock to go up for them to make money. 
Richard Fairbank: Thank you, Meredith. We are very focused on making sure we deliver sure footedly for the sake of our investors. We have, right now, more larger than usual number of market-based challenges that we face, ranging from the mortgage marketplace of flat yield curve, the normalization of credit and challenges that we are very focused on.  Our way to make sure that our investors are well rewarded is to make sure that even as we have positioned the company for long-term continued success and I think we're very well positioned for that, that we make sure we are very focused on near-term execution and delivery. So, if you look at what we have been focusing on, you will see the very big efforts with respect to costs and, there's a tremendous momentum inside this company with respect to operating costs.  We have put a very big effort on the revenue side of the business to make sure that even as the card business backs off some of the least profitable investment opportunities in the US Card business that we create a steady solid revenue trajectory and you will see the manifestations of that going on in the quarter.  Additionally, we're also, and you can watch it in action now is taking advantage of the significant capital generation that happens in the company as you can see with the several times we've in fact accelerated repurchase activity.  So, around the company while, people are happy about the long-term position of the company and the prospects for long-term returns, we know thatour job, right now, is to make sure we deliver very effectively during this period of greater than usual market challenges, and also paying for the acquisitions that we've done.  And that is our focus and I think, Meredith, despite some of the noise associated with the data, I think if you look hard at the various metrics on this call, you will in fact see the manifestation of the really hard work that's going on and I think that our investors stand to be very well rewarded for that, although, I'm not going to predict the timing of that, because that's really the job of the investors. 
Meredith Whitney - CIBC World Markets: Okay. So, for specifically this quarter, I guess the thing that confuses me most is why beat on lower tax rate, why not over provide as opposed to, in terms of on page 9, the charge-off rate is expected to go up to 5%, why not over reserve in a quarter like this as opposed to beat? It's confusing for me, it's confusing for investors, in terms if you want people to focus on the good of the story, I would think you would clear out that noise. And I was just curious as to what your top shareholders are saying? 
Gary Perlin: Meredith, its Gary. I'm happy to take that one. I think if you take a look at the very first slide of the presentation today, you will see all the moving parts in front of you as clearly as we can possibly put them forward for you, coming all from very natural developments. So, restructuring charges coming from cost moves that we're making, recognizing all of the accounting requirements that we have as a public company, trying to make them as clear and obvious to you as possible.  And as Rich just said, if you simply do the simple math, you can take a look at the underlying strength of the company coming through certainly positioning us well for the future.  So, when I meet with investors, what I hear from them all the time is, please make sure that you're managing the company right, making the right decisions, being as transparent as you possibly can, being as (inaudible) as you possibly can and try and make it easy for us to recognize the value that you have got.  And certainly from an accounting standpoint, we do what's appropriate and trying to make sure you understand it. And from most of the investors I speak to that's what they appreciate. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Scott Valentin, Friedman Billings & Ramsey. 
Scott Valentin - Friedman Billings & Ramsey: Thanks for taking my question. On the auto platform you mentioned the integration of entire platform resulting in driving some cost efficiencies. Can you talk about maybe the goals you have there, it was down, the costs include improved linked quarter. Just curious what you see driving that number down to over time. 
Richard Fairbank: Scott, we have looked at not only our competitors overall costs, but we have on a segment-by-segment sort of credit segment adjusted basis looked at sort of best in class operating cost. And what we have targeted is that, if we want to really win in this highly consolidated competitive business, we need to be at the right cost level frankly in each of the segments of the business. And so, I'm not going to give you numbers, you can do your own calibrations of that.  But we are not going to rest until we are head-to-head in any segment we've got the right competitive cost. If you recall Scott, we showed a scale curve in our investor meeting earlier this year. We showed a scale curve that had every major players early cost. This was not adjusted by credit segment, but you could see Capital One was sort of out of line a bit. And we've been very focused on this and lot of the out of line comes not from not managing cost carefully. I think Dave Lawson has a long history of managing it very tightly.  It comes really from having four different platforms that we're putting together. So, there's a double significance to this pulling together of one platform, one credit policy, and the kind of single face to the dealer that it is both a move to pull from four different approaches to one, and get dealer penetration as a result. But it's also the thing that enabled the cost reduction.  And our costs, as the percentage of loans have declined from around 3.2% in the 04/05 period to 2.8% in the first quarter to 2.6% in the second quarter. We do expect it's got to be even lower by the end of the year, as we finish these things. And we believe that we're going to be head-to-head competitive on an ongoing basis with the major players in their segments. 
Scott Valentin - Friedman Billings & Ramsey: Okay. One follow-up question, if I may. On credit card revenue margin, you had good improvement there. I was curious as to how much of that was due to re-pricing efforts versus maybe increased penalty fee income, you did cut the grace period by five days. I was just curious, if it had an impact on the revenue margin? 
Gary Perlin: Scott, its Gary. I'll be happy to take that. The change to a 25 day grace period did not really have any material impact on the P&L. It did have a material impact on the charge-off rate, which is why Rich referred to it. What we did here in aligning our business practices with industry standard was to delay the cycle start time by five days. But it had no impact on the bottom-line because although we had lower charge-offs, we also could not release the allowance associated with it. So, there was no really no P&L impact from the 25 day grace.  So, the improvement in card margin was the result of a number of major developments, as Rich described with the re-pricing of some of the card assets to match up with funding some of those which had been kind of held in a queue waiting for the teasers conversion and some other moves with respect to customer pricing in line with our desire to make sure, we provide great value, but generate a reasonable return. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: We will take our next question from Chris Brendler with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. On the same topic, on the card margin, it typically declines in the second quarter. So, I think from a seasonal perspective, I'm thinking that, and Gary I think, we've talked about recently that I thought that the re-pricing initiative, why you started it maybe March, April, it really wouldn't have sort of a full run rate into the third quarter. So, is the outlook for the card margin to continue to expand from here, from the re-pricing initiatives? And then a related question is I'm very confused, in how you get to a 5% loss rate for the fourth quarter? There is on a year-over-year basis delinquencies are actually kind of flattish. There has been no real major move in the bankruptcy rate nationwide. So, what's causing the increase in losses that I already have modeled the receivables down a little bit. So, I'm not exactly sure what's causing you be so conservative on your last forecast for the card business? 
Gary Perlin: Chris, its Gary. Why don’t I start off on the revenue conversation that we've been having and then I'll turn it back to Rich on the outlook for the charge-off rate. And yes, you're right a number of the revenue improvements started relatively early in the quarter, and then kind of feathered into throughout the quarter. So, you're seeing the benefit of many of those changes. And you should continue to see some upward trajectory to the card margin over the course of this year, as a lot of those moves will play through. And again in 2008, you will see the full year impact of some of those beneficial moves. So again, I think you've got it right that you are starting to see a movement that will be continuing in many quarters to come. And now I hand it over to Rich for the question on the charge-off rate outlook. 
Richard Fairbank: Yes. Chris, our dollar losses that we forecast for the year and that are inherent in the guidance are coming in now six months into the year, almost exactly as we anticipated. The mix is a little different, because BK our bankruptcies are normalizing less quickly than we had expected. And that causes a lot of people we talked to, they say, this normalization isn't all that it's made out to be. But we have always talked about the substitution effect, where as it becomes more difficult for people to go bankrupt, they charge-off the old fashion way and there is a pent-up reservoir of people, who otherwise would have charged-off who, and we predicted a portion of these people going into the contractual charge-off this year. The contractuals are higher, the bankruptcies are lower, the overall effect is just about exactly the same. The reason for us that our, we are now guiding to a higher charge-off rate is really entirely a denominator effect, where our assets growth from the year, which we are seeing will be negative in the card business is lower than we had expected. 
Chris Brendler - Stifel Nicolaus: Earlier I can be missing here is that may be you are talking about significant decline in loans, like billions of dollars decline in receivables? Other the impression would be a slight decline, I think that you said at a recent conference. 
Gary Perlin: Chris, its Gary. I mean the slight decline is what you might see from quarter to quarter, I think the bigger move is looking at a sort of a year-on-year basis, but couple of points that might help you to get to our understanding of the outlook. The first thing is, remember that the starting point here in the second quarter, although we printed a charge-off rate of about 3% and 3.25%, as I indicated there is a big impact from the change to the 25-day grace period. Without that change and frankly without some debt sales that happen from time to time, the charge-off rate this quarter would have been more like 4.25%. So the move from here to the fourth quarter is not nearly as big as it might otherwise appear.  Remember as well, the fourth quarter is always our seasonally highest quarter for charge- offs. And again, depending on what's going on, in the denominator and the mix of the business, people all along have been asking us what does normalization mean and if you go back to the charge-off rates we were seeing in our card business before the change in the bankruptcy, it will always be about 4.7%, 4.8%.  So, we're getting back to normal, but we're getting there with a relatively different mix of business, a little best balance sheet intensive, therefore a smaller denominator that 4.7%, 4.8% can easily turn into 4.9 or 5.0 and it would be certainly within our minds very much a normalization. So that's the outlook. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Napoli, Piper Jaffray. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. Within the credit card business, the mix shift that you're reducing the prime, you said less balance sheet intensive, is that and the margins going up. So, it sounds like you're doing more sub-prime, is that Gary, you're going back into some of the sectors that's in subprime that you had gone out of -- and you were successful in the past? 
Richard Fairbank: Bob, it's really, I mean in the subprime space there is a great consistency to what we've done frankly for a long period of time. I mean, we haven't flow a little bit, but generally we're going after the most northern part, if you will of the subprime space.  So, there is not a lot of sort of strategy change in the subprime space. The implicit slight mix shift really comes from what's happening on the prime side, where I mean, we've a good solid profit story, but we're just being very disciplined about the choices that we make on what turns out to be the most asset intensive part of all the origination choices. I just want to pull up for a second here that it is the thing that most drives people growth in assets relates to their choice about balance transfer base origination, and that is the thing we've our foot the most off of the gas pedal.  So again, good solid opportunities, we continue to pursue in pretty much all other aspects of the credit card business. But there is that implicit sort of mix shift that comes from little bit less prime. But I wouldn't get too hung up about this. I mean, these are opportunistic choices we make at the line of scrimmage every quarter. It's not like we don't do any prime revolver business. These just happened to be asset sensitive choices. So, we end up in the situation, where we end up looking forward for the rest of the year at a reduction on a year-over-year basis in terms of the assets, while still the revenues and the purchase volume continue to move forward. 
Bob Napoli - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. And then your mortgage business, just over the last week two relatively big players GE and CIT have announced they are getting out of that business. The industry literally is a mess in many regards. I just wondered if you have any updated thought on the importance of mortgage business to Capital One, and the growth strategy, if it is still something, do you deem important to the company? 
Richard Fairbank: Bob, in the middle of sort of a battle one doesn't tend to think as much about long-term exactly what you're going to do after the battle. This is a very tough time in the business. What we're doing is being incredibly focused to stabilize the business along a number of dimensions most importantly probably on the cost dimension, but also very much on the underwriting side basis, on the business in terms of the product mix, and in terms of liquidity strategies and things like this.  So, we actually feel very good about the traction that we're getting on those dimensions. And in a sense the stabilization was a small yes, if you will in the middle of this difficult environment. We still have more work to do in terms of long term mortgage strategy. Obviously, we know this is a volatile business and so on. We do have, there are a very solid franchise with respect to GreenPoint, is a very talented people with great relationship and a great credibility and brand in the capital markets.  And this is a franchise, that I think has real potential in the long-term, but right now it's really more about the delivery, against set of challenges in the short-term. And the other thing that's I think really striking is the Capital One home loans business in the mid stuff sort of problems all over the industry. Capital One home loans, is growing, which is again our originating sell business. This is a business that has a full credit spectrum business. It's all internet-based and so on.  This business is in fact in the face of growing and growing profits if you can imagine over the course of this year. So we've got some good anchor tenants that we can work with in the middle of, but right now it's about near term delivery. 
Jeff Norris: Next question, please. 
Operator: We will go next to Moshe Orenbuch, Credit Suisse. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: Great. Rich, I was wondering if you could kind of characterize your decision to accelerate the share repurchase into 2007. What caused that and maybe follow up after, if you do that. 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, I think, I've been saying for a number of quarters, I want to make sure that our shareholders are be well served in a difficult times of market conditions and challenges for investors in this company over the last couple years. One of the important leverages that we have Moshe, to make sure our investors get paid is in fact returning capital. And we've have seized in a sense the opportunities that we find in front of us even though they don't massively move the needle every little bit helps, and we certainly seize that opportunity along with making important moves along other dimensions like cost and revenue. 
Moshe Orenbuch - Credit Suisse: I guess, I'm truck by, this will be the first time I think in the company's history that you had a year-over-year decline in the credit card receivables given that you're generating capital in a high 20's rate. It would seem to me that you could probably be very, very close to the point at which you're thinking about not just completing that share repurchase, but also instituting a dividend. I wonder if you have any thoughts on that respect. 
Richard Fairbank: Moshe, as we talk about for sometime, we know that we've moved and credit card is sort of leading the way in a sense move to a case, where our company is not on the targeted growth rate that we were in the past. And we therefore moved from capital mutual into a situation of substantial capital generation.  And we've flagged our intent to return capital to shareholders. As we've said, the form in which it comes, in the form of buybacks or dividends is something that we continue to discuss, and right now of course we're primarily doing the or entirely doing the share repurchase pursuant to the North Fork acquisition.  In the latter part of this year, and early into next year, as we look ahead to the other side of that, I think we'll have a lot to say to the marketplace about our capital strategy. And I'll leave it at that at this point. 
Jeff Norris: Next question? 
Operator: Actually, we have no further questions at this time. I'm going to turn the conference back over to Mr. Jeff Norris. 
Jeff Norris: Thanks very much, Katie. Well, thank you all for joining us on this conference call today, and thank you for your continuing interest in Capital One. Remember the investor relation staff will be here this evening to answer any further questions you may have. Have a good evening. 
Operator: We thank you for your participation on today's call. That will conclude our conference call. Have a great night. And you may now disconnect.
